

Michael J. Maples Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 4:05 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of FLOODGATE Fund, LP.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Michael J. Maples Jr.Founder, Managing Partner, Partner, and Chief Financial Officer, FLOODGATE Fund, LP.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 21 Board Members in 21 different organizations across 25 different industries.See Board Relationships----
Background

		Mr. Michael J. Maples, also known as Mike, Jr., is currently employed at MITA Ventures. He is the Founder, Managing Partner, Partner and Chief Financial Officer of FLOODGATE Fund, LP. Mr. Maples is an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Austin Ventures. He is a Guest Lecturer on Entrepreneurship at Harvard Business School, Stanford University, Princeton University and the University of Texas. He led various functions in product development, marketing, business development and ... corporate strategy. He co-founded Motive, Inc. in 1997 and served as its Chief Strategist. He served as the President of Marketing, General Manager of the Corporate Business Unit and Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer at Motive. He played a key role in Motive's growth from raw start-up through sales of more than $75 million. Prior to that, he spent three years at Tivoli Systems, where he served as a Director of Product Marketing and was responsible for worldwide product marketing. At Tivoli, he managed its product portfolio from its early-stage development through its 1995 IPO and growth to a $750 million line of business within IBM Software Group. Prior to that, he worked at Silicon Graphics as the Digital Media Product Marketing Manager for the Indigo system and served in business development and product marketing roles. He worked in a variety of Senior Management roles at high-growth companies and was an Entrepreneur and Operating Executive. He also worked at Foundation Capital and August Capital. He began his technology career in high school, when he started a software company. He has been a Director of National Venture Capital Association since May 14, 2014 and Front Desk Inc. since February 2014. He has been a Member of the Advisory Board at GENWI, Inc. since July 2015. He serves as a Director of PLAiR Meida Inc., Pley Inc., KeepSafe Software, Inc., Plair Sàrl, PixelFish, Inc., ModCloth, Inc., Egnyte, Inc., Pipewise Inc., Reputation.com (UK) Limited, Reputation.com, Inc., DoubleDutch, Inc., BancBox, Inc., ccLoop, Inc., Artias Inc., Sharethrough, Inc., LiquidSpace, Inc., Load DynamiX, Inc. Reverb Technologies, Inc., SwiftTest Inc., Sightly Enterprises, Inc., Rivet Games, Inc., The Finxera, Inc., Socialware, Inc., and Stipple Inc. He served as a Director at Mass Relevance Inc. He served as a Director of ConnectAndSell, Inc. He served as a Director of WellnessFX, Inc., Spiceworks, Inc., Smule, Inc. and Dasient, Inc. His background spans a variety of markets including consumer technology, small business and the enterprise. His experience centers on market strategy, entry and management in the software industry. He is a frequent Speaker at industry conferences. He was named as one of “8 Rising VC Stars“ by Fortune Magazine for his investments in business and consumer technology companies. He is a frequent speaker at industry conferences. Mr. Maples earned a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor’s degree in Industrial Engineering and BS degree from Stanford University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
820 Ramona StreetPalo Alto, California 94301United StatesPhone: 650-204-7990Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorReputation.com, Inc.DirectorSharethrough, Inc.DirectorRivet Games, Inc.DirectorReverb Technologies, Inc.DirectorEgnyte, Inc.DirectorSocialware, Inc.DirectorModCloth, Inc.DirectorSightly Enterprises, Inc.DirectorDoubleDutch, Inc.DirectorStipple Inc.DirectorLiquidSpace, Inc.DirectorThe Finxera, Inc.DirectorPLAiR Meida Inc.Member of the Board of DirectorsPipewise Inc.DirectorKeepsafe Software Inc.DirectorReputation.com (UK) LimitedDirectorPley Inc.DirectorPlair Sàrl2014-PresentDirectorNational Venture Capital Association2014-PresentDirectorFront Desk Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree Stanford UniversityBS Stanford UniversityMBA Harvard Business School
Other Affiliations
August CapitalAustin VenturesFoundation CapitalMotive, Inc.Stanford UniversityHarvard Business SchoolNational Venture Capital AssociationSpiceworks, Inc.Reputation.com, Inc.Sharethrough, Inc.Rivet Games, Inc.Smule, Inc.Dasient, Inc.Reverb Technologies, Inc.Egnyte, Inc.Socialware, Inc.ModCloth, Inc.Virtual Instruments CorporationGenwi Inc.Sightly Enterprises, Inc.DoubleDutch, Inc.Stipple Inc.LiquidSpace, Inc.Mass Relevance Inc.ConnectAndSell Inc.WellnessFX, Inc.The Finxera, Inc.PLAiR Meida Inc.Pipewise Inc.Keepsafe Software Inc.Front Desk Inc.Reputation.com (UK) LimitedPley Inc.Plair SàrlMITA VenturesMITA Seed Fund


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact FLOODGATE Fund, LP., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Michael J. Maples - Q2 eBanking



































































Speak to an Expert
 







Menu Icon










Michael J. Maples
Board Member

Michael Maples has more than 40 years of experience in the computer industry guiding the strategic direction for major technology leaders. He retired from Microsoft Corporation as executive vice president of the Worldwide Products Group and member of the Office of the President, reporting directly to Bill Gates. He was responsible for all product development and product marketing activities at Microsoft.
Before joining Microsoft, Michael worked for IBM for more than two decades where he was director of software strategy.
In addition to serving on the Board of Q2, Michael is a member of the Board of Directors of BlueSpace (private – advanced email), Digby (private – ecommerce via advance cell phone), Lexmark Corporation (public – printer manufacture), Multimedia Games (public – system based gaming), and Sonic, Inc. (public – drive in restaurants).
Throughout his career, Michael has been involved with many organizations tied to technology. He serves as a mentor and on the board of advisors for several high tech firms and venture funds, sits on several non-profit Boards including the EastWest Institute, and is a trustee on the Seton Board of Trustees. He is currently a member of the Board of Visitors for the Engineering School at the University of Oklahoma and a member of the Engineering and Natural Sciences Advisory Boards at the University of Texas at Austin.
Michael has an MBA from Oklahoma City University and a BS in Electrical Engineering from Oklahoma University.
See Full Team 










Follow Us on Social Media














Subscribe to Email   
Stay in-the-know about the latest digital banking news, features and events with communication from Q2.




 





close



Speak to a Q2 representative today. 
Q2 looks forward to speaking with you about your digital banking needs, and how we can help. We just need a bit of information from you to get started.





















Search Field

Search Buttton

×









 














Michael J. Maples Sr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 22, 2017 4:05 PM ET

Company Overview of Computer Moms International Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Michael J. Maples Sr.Corporate Director, Computer Moms International CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 10 Board Members in 10 different organizations across 16 different industries.See Board Relationships74--
Background

		Mr. Michael J. Maples, Sr., also known as Mike, serves as an Ambassador on certain strategic relationships and internal management initiatives at Microsoft. Mr. Maples served as an Executive Vice President of Worldwide Products Group at Microsoft Corporation. He served as a Consultant and Advisor to Microsoft. He served as the President of the Microsoft Corporation. He served several positions with Microsoft from April 1988 to July 1995, where he served as an Executive ... Vice President of Worldwide Products and a Member of the office of the President. He is a highly accomplished Senior Executive with over 40 years experience in the computer industry. He retired from Microsoft Corporation where he reported directly to Bill Gates. He was responsible for all product development and product marketing activities at Microsoft during his tenure. Prior to Microsoft, he worked for International Business Machines Corporation for 23 years where he served as Director of Software Strategy. He has been the Chairman of CMIT Solutions, Inc. since January 2004 and also has been its Director since April 1997. He served as the Chairman of Multimedia Games Holding Company, Inc., from April 10, 2006 to March 2011. Mr. Maples has been a Director of BlueSpace Software Corporation since July 2006 and Hyper9, Inc. since February 2009. He serves as a Director of Emergent Technologies, Inc. and has been its Member of Advisory Board since April 10, 2006. He serves on the boards of PSW Technologies; 30 Second Software, Inc., Computer Moms International; and Newisys, Inc. He has been an Independent Director of Q2ebanking, Inc. (also known as Q2 Holdings, Inc. ) since March 21, 2012. He also serves as a Member of Advisory Board at Vincera Inc. and Westlake Group, LLC. He is a Member of the Board of Visitors for the Engineering School at the University of Oklahoma and the College of Engineering Foundation Advisory Council at the University of Texas. He serves as Corporate Director of Computer Moms International Corporation, Lexmark Corporation and Digby. He serves as a Director of CBANC Network, Inc. He serves as a Director of Q2 Software, Inc. He served as Independent Director of Lexmark International, Inc. from February 1996 to November 29, 2016. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board at Vincera, Inc. He also serves on the Board of Advisors for 12 high tech firms and venture funds. He served as a Director at Alibre, Inc. He served as a Director at Sonic Corp. from June 15, 2005 to January 29, 2015 and Motive, Inc. since June 1997. He served as a Director of Concero Inc. since December 1996. He served as a Director of The Technology Association of America, the University of Washington’s Technology Center, AlphaBlox Corporation, Inc., the Austin Economic Development Council and Austin Software Council. He also served as Member of Advisory Board at Polaris Venture Partners, Inc. He served as a Director of J.D. Edwards & Company from January 1997 to July 2003 and as a Director of Mission Critical Software Inc. from April 1999 to May 2000. He also served as a Director of NetIQ Corporation since May 2000 and of PeopleSoft Inc. He served as a Director of Cbg Holdings since March 21, 2012. He served as a Member of Advisory Board at Polaris Partners. He served as a Director of Multimedia Games Holding Company, Inc. from August 10, 2004 to December 19, 2014. He serves on the boards of several high tech and non-profit organizations. He has been involved with many organizations tied to technology. He was on the Forbes Midas List of Tech Investors in 2000 and 2001. In 2010, he received the Ernst & Young award for “Supporter of Entrepreneurship”. Mr. Maples' extensive management and financial experience in technology companies and corporate governance experience. Mr. Maples holds an M.B.A. from Oklahoma City University and B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Oklahoma.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
----, -- --United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorNewisys, Inc.Director and Member of Advisory BoardEmergent Technologies, Inc.Director30 Second Software, Inc.DirectorQ2 Software, Inc.DirectorCBANC Network, Inc.1997-PresentChairman of the BoardCMIT Solutions, Inc.2006-PresentDirectorBlueSpace Software Corporation2012-PresentIndependent DirectorQ2 Holdings, Inc.
Education
BS University of OklahomaMBA Oklahoma City University
Other Affiliations
				There is no Company Affiliations data available.
			

Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Computer Moms International Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























QTWO Michael J. Maples Insider Trades for Q2 Holdings Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Q2 Holdings Inc.

                  NYSE: QTWO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Q2 Holdings Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


QTWO

/quotes/zigman/29796298/composite


$
37.94




Change

-0.0076
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 2,419
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/29796298/composite
Previous close

$
			38.70
		


$
				37.95
			
Change

-0.75
-1.94%





Day low
Day high
$37.90
$38.85










52 week low
52 week high

            $25.23
        

            $40.50
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Michael J. Maples



Mr. Michael J. Maples is on the Board of Directors at Q2 Holdings, Inc., BlueSpace Software Corp., 30 Second Software, Inc., CBANC Network, Inc., Q2 Software, Inc., The EastWest Institute and The Seton Fund. Mr. Maples was previously employed as an Independent Director by Sonic Corp., an Independent Director by Multimedia Games Holding Co., Inc., Chairman by CMIT Solutions, Inc., Independent Non-Employee Director by Lexmark International, Inc., a Member by Microsoft Corp., Director-Software Strategy by International Business Machines Corp., and Executive Vice President by Worldwide Products Group, Inc. He also served on the board at Motive, Inc., J.D. Edwards & Co., Alibre, Inc., B-Side Entertainment, Inc., Emergent Technologies, Inc., Hyper9, Inc., NetIQ Corp. and PeopleSoft, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Oklahoma and an MBA from Oklahoma City University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/08/2017
3,144


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/09/2016
899


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/25/2014
2,895


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Robert Hank Seale 
Executive Chairman




Mr. Matthew P. Flake 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Odus  Wittenburg 
President




Mr. John E. Breeden 
Executive Vice President-Operations




Ms. Jennifer Noel Harris 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. Adam D. Blue 
Chief Technology Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Lou  Senko 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Paul  Walker 
Senior Vice President-Business Development




Ms. Suzette R. Junier 
Chief Compliance & Privacy Officer




Mr. William M. Furrer 
Chief Strategy Officer




Mr. Bob  Michaud 
Chief Security Officer




Ms. Lynn Rebecca Atchison 
Director




Mr. Tom  Sheehan 
Vice President-Sales




Ms. Lorrie  Schultz 
Senior Vice President-Marketing




Mr. Bob  Gujavarty 
Investor Relations Contact




Ms. Kim  Rutledge 
Senior Vice President-Human Resource




Mr. Barry G. Benton 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Charles T. Doyle 
Independent Director




Mr. James Carl Schaper 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. James R. Offerdahl 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael J. Maples 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael M. Brown 
Independent Director




Mr. Jeff T. Diehl 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:05 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
12:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:49aHow OPEC committee’s coming meeting could make or break oil prices
11:15aA grandfather’s financial advice to his grandchildren
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































Michael J. Maples Sr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Michael J. Maples Sr.
Board Member at Q2 Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Michael J. Maples Sr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael J. Maples Sr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael J. Maples Sr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael J. Maples Sr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael J. Maples Sr. through your network of contacts.
												








Michael J. Maples Sr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Q2 Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view Michael J. Maples Sr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															University of Oklahoma


														 M.B.A., 
															Oklahoma City University


Age
74

 
 


Michael J. Maples Sr.'s Biography



Michael J. Maples, Sr. has been a member of our board of directors since February 2012. Mr. Maples held various management positions at Microsoft Corporation, a software products and services company, from April 1988 to July 1995, including Executive Vice President of the Worldwide Products Group. As a member of the Office of the President at Microsoft from 1991 to his retirement in July 1995, Mr. Maples reported directly to the Chairman. Previously, Mr. Maples served as Director of Software Strategy for International Business Machines Corp., a technology and consulting corporation. Mr. Maples currently serves on the board of directors of Lex ...
(Read More)

			Michael J. Maples, Sr. has been a member of our board of directors since February 2012. Mr. Maples held various management positions at Microsoft Corporation, a software products and services company, from April 1988 to July 1995, including Executive Vice President of the Worldwide Products Group. As a member of the Office of the President at Microsoft from 1991 to his retirement in July 1995, Mr. Maples reported directly to the Chairman. Previously, Mr. Maples served as Director of Software Strategy for International Business Machines Corp., a technology and consulting corporation. Mr. Maples currently serves on the board of directors of Lexmark International, Inc., a privately held laser printer and enterprise software company. Mr. Maples holds an M.B.A. from Oklahoma City University and a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Oklahoma. Mr. Maples' extensive management and financial experience in technology companies and corporate governance experience through service on other boards of directors make him a valuable member of our board of directors, IS audit and compensation committees.
		
Source: Q2 Holdings, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael J. Maples Sr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Michael J. Maples Sr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael J. Maples Sr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael J. Maples Sr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael J. Maples Sr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Michael J. Maples Sr.


















Michael J. Maples Sr.'s Connections (187)





Sign up now to view Michael J. Maples Sr.'s 187 connections »









Richard E. Allen
Former Board Member, Insight Enterprises, Inc.









Adam D. Anderson
Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, Q2 Holdings, Inc.









Jennifer N. Harris
Chief Financial Officer, Q2 Holdings, Inc.









R. H. Seale
Founder, Executive Chairman and Former Chief Executive Officer, Q2 Holdings, Inc.









Jeffrey T. Diehl
Board Member, Q2 Holdings, Inc.









David J. Barram
Former Board Member, DXC Technology Company









Anthony M. Sanfilippo
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.









Charles M. Boesenberg
Chairman of the Board, Callidus Software Inc.









Robert M. Rosenberg
Former Board Member, Sonic Corp.









MARGARET M. BLAIR
Former Board Member, Sonic Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993










































(BW) Michael J. Maples Appointed Multimedia Games' Chairman; Thomas W. Sarnoff to Continue as Most Tenured Director Following Two Years of Service as Board Chair - Houston Chronicle


















































































































SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week

 

Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.chron.com/news/article/BW-Michael-J-Maples-Appointed-Multimedia-1903650.php



(BW) Michael J. Maples Appointed Multimedia Games' Chairman; Thomas W. Sarnoff to Continue as Most Tenured Director Following Two Years of Service as Board Chair


Business Editors, (c) 2006 Business Wire


        Published 6:35 pm, Monday, April 10, 2006
    



































































AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 10, 2006--Multimedia Games, Inc. (Nasdaq: MGAM) announced today that the Company's Board of Directors has appointed Michael J. Maples, Sr., 63, to the position of Chairman of the Board. Mr. Maples has served as a director since August 10, 2004.
Mr. Maples assumes the Chairman's responsibilities from Thomas W. Sarnoff, 79, following Mr. Sarnoff's decision to step down from the position he has held since December 2003. Mr. Sarnoff has served on Multimedia's Board longer than any other member; he continues to serve as a director, as Chairman of the Compensation Committee, and as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.






Latest Houston News Video
 
(Story continues below ...)


Clifton Lind, President and CEO of Multimedia Games, said, "On behalf of the Board of Directors, our management team and the Company's shareholders, I want to thank Tom Sarnoff for the leadership and counsel he has provided to the Board, to me and to the entire senior management team since he joined the Board, and especially during the more than two years he served as Chairman. Tom did not seek the chairmanship, but willingly assumed that responsibility at a critical time in the Company's history, as we worked through a transitional period in our operations, and focused on and executed our revenue diversification initiatives. It is with gratitude and appreciation that we acknowledge his significant contribution to Multimedia's achievements during this time. I am very pleased that Tom will continue to serve on the Board and would like to thank him in advance for the support and advice he will provide in the future."
Mr. Sarnoff has served as a Multimedia director since December 1997, and as Chairman since 2003. He currently serves on the Board's Nominating and Governance Committee, as well as on the Compensation Committee. He served in various capacities at the National Broadcasting Company, Inc. for over 25 years, holding positions including Vice President of Production and Business Affairs, Executive Vice President of West Coast Operations, and as President of NBC Entertainment Corporation from 1969 to 1977. Since retiring from NBC in 1977, Mr. Sarnoff has been engaged in production for television and film, primarily through Sarnoff Entertainment Corporation, which he formed in 1981. Mr. Sarnoff serves in leadership positions in many civic and charitable organizations, and is Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Foundation.
Mr. Lind continued, "Since Mike joined our Board approximately 18 months ago, his prior experience working for prominent public companies in technology, product development, and product marketing has been invaluable to our own efforts in these areas. We believe Multimedia Games is entering a new phase where our unique technology and scientific approach to product development can be leveraged into new and expanding growth opportunities, such as the recently announced international contract we were awarded. Accordingly, we expect Mike's vast experience in working with technology-focused companies will be particularly helpful as we develop product strategies for new markets. I look forward to working closely with Mike and benefiting from his input and counsel."
Mr. Maples was elected to Multimedia's Board of Directors in August 2004, and serves on its Audit Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee. He retired from Microsoft Corporation in July 1995 after holding numerous positions, the most recent of which was Executive Vice President of the Worldwide Products Group. In that capacity, he was responsible for all of Microsoft's product development and product marketing activities. Mr. Maples served as a member of the Office of the President at Microsoft, reporting directly to the Company's Chairman and Chief Software Architect. Prior to his time at Microsoft, he served as Director of Software Strategy for International Business Machines Corp. Mr. Maples currently serves on the boards of several other companies, including Motive, Inc., a provider of service management software, Lexmark International, Inc., a laser and inkjet printer company, and Sonic Corp., operator of more than 3,000 drive-in restaurants in the U.S. and Mexico.
Mr. Maples holds a B.S. in electrical engineering from the University of Oklahoma and an M.B.A. from Oklahoma City University. He is currently a member of the Board of Visitors of the Engineering School at the University of Oklahoma, and the College of Engineering Foundation Advisory Council at the University of Texas at Austin.
About Multimedia Games
Multimedia Games is a leading developer and supplier of comprehensive systems, content, electronic games and player terminals for the Native American gaming market, as well as the racino, charity bingo, video lottery, and sweepstakes and amusement with prize markets. The Company's ongoing development and marketing efforts focus on gaming systems and products for use by Native American tribes throughout the United States, the commercial casino market, video lottery systems and other products for domestic and international lotteries, and products for charity bingo and emerging markets, including sweepstakes, promotional, amusement with prize and coupon gaming opportunities. Additional information may be found at www.multimediagames.com.
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements based on Multimedia Games' current expectations. These statements are generally accompanied by words such as "will," "would," "could," "expect," "believe," "plan," "hope," and words of a similar nature that convey future meaning. Future events involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks that (i) Multimedia Games will be unable to leverage its technology and scientific approach into new growth opportunities, (ii) such opportunities, if they do develop, will not expand and be as beneficial as Multimedia Games currently anticipates, (iii) that the recently announced international contract is not indicative of Multimedia Games' entrance into future or similar contracts and (iv) that Multimedia Games is not entering a new growth phase. Other important risks and uncertainties that may affect Multimedia's business are detailed from time to time in the "Certain Risks" and "Risk Factors" sections and elsewhere in Multimedia Games' filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 














Latest from the Chron.com Homepage

Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page.









Happening Now
 



Drake parties at his pop-up Houston strip club
Trump's volley of angry tweets impressive even for him
Fugitives sought by Houston-area police this week
3 dead in 7-car chain-reaction crash on Beltway 8

 
















Trending
 



Houston man must pay child support for kid that's not his
'Home Alone' actor found dead in Calif hotel
Houston police officer survives shooting
Celeb learns not to bring a loaded gun to the airport
Sheriff fires deputy charged in Denny's death
Mexican resorts accused of drugging guests
Eva Longoria shows off her bikini bod in Ibiza
Woodlands pastor charged with prostitution
Khloe Kardashian trolled hard after O.J.'s parole
Houston woman sought in lard-soaked Quran case

 








9 Houston ZIP codes rank among Texas' priciest
MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS
Hazmat crews respond to Conroe factory fire
Motorist shot in Houston shopping center
Car chase ends after suspect shoots himself
Carjacking victim found shot








Star pitchers on Astros' trade radar
Astros bench coach Alex Cora announces birth of twins
How the Astros have done when Carlos Correa is out








The weirdest town names across Texas
Yes, Texas is really big as people say
Cool things you didn't know about Big Bend








Modern ranch from 'Fixer Upper' for sale
Home on the market complete with Gaines' design
'Fixer Upper' tiny home for sale for nearly $1M



 

 

 




 



























Most Read






1

Houston man must pay child support for kid that's not his



2

Reports: Actor John Heard dies at age 72



3

3 dead in 7-car chain-reaction crash on Beltway 8



4

All-inclusive, 5-star resorts in Mexico accused of drugging...



5

Pastor at The Woodlands First Baptist Church arrested and...



6

Sheriff fires deputy charged in Denny's death



7

The heartwarming story behind the empty tube you may spot...



8

Trump fires off volley of angry tweets on Russia probe



9

Fugitives sought by Houston-area police (July 21)



10

1 killed in head-on accident on FM 787












Get News Sent to You
 


Choose from our most popular newsletters below. Or, visit www.chron.com/newsletters to see more options.









Breaking News





Morning News Update





Bayou City Buzz (evening)





Preview: Weekly Houston Entertainment Guide

E-mail: 





 















Happening Now
 



Drake parties at his pop-up Houston strip club
Trump's volley of angry tweets impressive even for him
Fugitives sought by Houston-area police this week
3 dead in 7-car chain-reaction crash on Beltway 8

 

 




 










 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 



















Michael J Maples - Manitowoc, WI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael J Maples in Manitowoc, WI


Michael J Maples

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael J Maples  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Manitowoc, WI.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Mike  Maples


Get Report Now

Age

Michael J Maples is in his 60s

Michael Has Lived In

Manitowoc, WI
Duluth, MN

Michael's Relatives

J Maples
Mary Maples
Kristin Maples
Jeff Maples







Michael J Maples



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice-president at Vinton Construction Co.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael J Maples
Get a Criminal Check on Michael J Maples
Get a Public Record Report on Michael J Maples
Get a People Search Report on Michael J Maples


Michael J Maples's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael J Maples has lived as well as Michael J Maples's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael J Maples Has Lived in 2 States
Wisconsin Address for Michael J Maples


1022 N* S* 

Manitowoc, WI


Has Lived In

Manitowoc, WI
Duluth, MN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael J Maples

(920) ***-**** - Manitowoc, WI 
() ***-**** - Manitowoc, WI 
(920) ***-**** - Manitowoc, WI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael J Maples

m*****s@***.com


Get Email Report




Michael J Maples's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Michael J Maples's academic history.  Find out which schools Michael J Maples attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Michael J Maples received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael J Maples Has Attended 3 Schools
University of Wisconsin-Madison Michael J Maples has a Bachelors, Engineering in Engineering               
University of Wisconsin-Madison                              Michael J Maples has a Bachelors in Engineering               
University of Wisconsin-Madison                              Michael J Maples has a Bachelors, in Engineering               


Michael J Maples's Professional Information
Information regarding Michael J Maples's professional history.  Find out previous places Michael J Maples has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael J Maples Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Vinton Construction Co.
               Title: Vice-president
Company: Vinton Construction Co.
               Title: Vice President
Michael J Maples's Experience
Title: Vice-president
               Company: Vinton Construction Co.
Job Details

Title: Vice President
               Company: Vinton Construction Co.
Job Details
               Company Size: $25 mil to less than $50 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500
Additional Professional Information on Michael J Maples

 See Michael J Maples's LinkedIn Profile



Michael J Maples's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael J Maples


Michael J Maples's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael J Maples's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Maples
Username Matches

                  MichaelMaples
                  MaplesMichael
                  Michael.Maples
                  Maples.Michael
                  Michael_Maples
                  Maples_Michael
                  Michael-Maples
                  Maples-Michael
                  MMaples
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Maples







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Michael Maples



  




















  





Michael J Maples
Web Page: www.gsu.edu/~gs23mjm
Home - 404 467 1847
Cell - 404 786 8488
Email: mmaples@scdi.com



Work Experience:

Project Manager - Still Current Development, Atlanta,
    Georgia 1996 - 1998.

Directed production of simultaneous multimedia and Internet
      projects (home pages, front and back-end data management tools)
      with budgets up to $600,000.
      Managed customer relationships as company's primary contact
      by integrating customers' initial ideas with corporate needs,
      defining budgets and facilitating review and approval of projects.
      Guided team of internal engineers, graphic designers and
      instructional designers to create and deliver final project within
      customers' budget specifications.
      Developed training materials and trained customers on daily
      use, maintenance and trouble shooting of multimedia and Internet
      projects.
      Created database definitions, formats, and presentation reports
      for internal customers.
    
Account Executive - Economic Development - Entergy Services
    Inc. Baton Rouge, Louisiana, 1992-1996.

Developed new prospects from the global market to locate
      facilities in Louisiana and recruited more than $30 million worth
      of investments.
      Planned and executed trade shows, prospecting trips and marketing
      materials.
      Developed new computerized tracking system to assist in follow-up
      and report generation and trained more than 100 people on the
      use of the system.
      Recruited and trained new allies to assist in community development.
      Headed project to develop multimedia presentation package
      for use during sales presentations.
    
Economic Development Assistant - Central Louisiana Chamber
    of Commerce, Alexandria, Louisiana. 1992.

Designed, created measures, and oversaw economic survey of
      businesses in 10-county region in conjunction with the Louisiana
      Economic Development Corporation.
      Synthesized survey data, assisted in presentation and lobbied
      state legislature to directly affect new legislation on training
      funds and worker's compensation reform.
      Organized and motivated local business leaders and elected
      officials for economic development projects.
      Oversaw production of collateral promoting local industries,
      created and maintained a monthly economic and demographic tracking
      system for the community.
    
Special Projects Manager - Paktel, Bursa, Turkey. 1989-1990.

Established new sales accounts and maintained current customer
      relationships to develop a distribution network for automotive
      horns in Europe, Africa, North and South America.
      Created comprehensive marketing strategy for automotive horns
      by planning and producing sales literature, and trade show booth
      for international trade fairs.
      Directed design, production and market introduction of new
      product packaging.
      Negotiated joint ventures and contracts to supply original
      equipment manufacturers.
      Created programs for new product shipping and trained staff
      to use.
    
International Market Coordinator - PRC Components,
    Viborg, Denmark. 1988-1989.

Developed new sources of electronic components for this wholesaler.
      Located and developed prospective customers and joint venture
      partners.
      Created advertising and databases to expand the market in
      Northern Germany.
      Advised import/export department on inventory control systems
      that ensured compliance with international trade regulations.
    
Market Researcher - Århus Stiftstidende, Århus,
    Denmark, 1988

Managed collection and analysis of primary research on six
      competing weekly newspapers (in Danish).
      Analyzed data and made recommendations to assist in restructuring
      distribution, layout, content and advertising mix of local newspaper,
      Århus Ønsdag.
      Defined procedures for comparing of advertising data from
      previous years and created computer programs to maintain the
      integrity of future data that reduced cycle time of annual research
      by 400 percent.





Special 
    Accomplishments:

    · Involved with AIESEC (Association of International Students
    in Business and Commerce) Alumni, this is an international student
    run organization that promotes student work exchanges between
    more than 80 nations. (have held several offices)
    · Member of the Viking Club (Danish-American social organization)
    · Enjoy Competitive Bicycling, Running, Home Remodeling
    Projects and Photography and have captained Ultimate Frisbee
    Team for last 4 seasons
    · Spent two and a half years living, working and traveling
    through Europe and seen more than 20 countries, several of which
    no longer exist.



Travel Experience:

I spent two and a half years living, working and traveling
    through Europe. I have seen about 20 countries in Eastern and
    Western Europe, several of which no longer exist.
I have also traveled, lived and worked in more than 27 states
    in the US.



Language Skills

    I speak some Danish and some Turkish but it has been many years
    since they have been used.



Education:

Masters of Business Administration, Electronic Commerce Georgia
    State University, Atlanta Georgia. May 1999
Bachelor of Science, Marketing, Louisiana State University,
    Baton Rouge, Louisiana. December 1987 

    Associate of Science, Computer Science, Louisiana State University
    at Alexandria, Alexandria, Louisiana. December 1985 

    Professional Training 
    Community Development Institute- Years I, II, and III 
    Economic Development Institute Basic, Years I, and II 
    National Development Council Finance 101, 201, 202, and 300,
    Certified Finance Professional 
    Negotiation Skills, Integrity Selling, Call Reluctance, Quality
    Principles & Practices, Facilitation



Future Goals:

    After graduation I am planning to return to the computer software
    and information systems field with an emphasis toward marketing
    and electronic commerce. Specifically I wish to work on short-term
    projects with different groups, this usually means consulting.
    I also hope that my previous international experience will aid
    me in returning to the international arena.

  




















 For Comments contact:
Web Master - Michael J Maples scdi.com 404.467.1847




Michael J. Maples










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











Michael J. MaplesBorn: c. 1942Gender: MaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteOccupation: BusinessNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: Co-President of Microsoft, 1992-95    University: BS EE, University of Oklahoma (1964)    University: MBA, Oklahoma City University    Microsoft EVP Worldwide Products Group (-1995)
    Microsoft Member, Office of the President (1992-95)
    Microsoft General Manager, Applications Software (1988-)
    IBM Director of Software Strategy
    Member of the Board of Alibre, Inc. 
    Member of the Board of CMIT Solutions (1997-, as Chairman, 2004-)
    Member of the Board of Concero, Inc. (1996-)
    Member of the Board of J.D. Edwards & Company (1997-2003)
    Member of the Board of Lexmark (1996-)
    Member of the Board of Mission Critical Software, Inc. (1999-2000)
    Member of the Board of Motive, Inc. (1997-)
    Member of the Board of Multimedia Games, Inc. (2004-, as Chairman, 2006-)
    Member of the Board of NetIQ (2000-)
    Member of the Board of PeopleSoft Inc. 
    Member of the Board of PSW Technologies 
    Member of the Board of Sonic Drive-In (2005-)
    George W. Bush for President     Obama for America     Sigma Chi Fraternity 




New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


Michael J. Maples


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERAIG-Grennberg ConectionsMichael J. MaplesRequires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsAmerican BusinessHelix Fossil







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














michael j maples - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found Michael Maples | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Michael Maples



1) Michael Maples's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Michael Maples's History | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Michael Maples's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.




Michael Maples | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Michael Maples



Find Michael Maples Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Maples Name Meaning - Origins, Family History & More



Ad
 ·
www.myheritage.com/​Maples



Find more Maples information & records on MyHeritage - Easy & Free!





Smith



Johnson



Williams



Jones
















Michael D. Maples




Lieutenant General Michael David Maples, USA (born May 17, 1949) served as the 16th Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), appointed on November 4, 2005. He received his

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

NYFW: Tiffany Trump attends show with boyfriend and mom ...

https://www.aol.com/.../02/11/tiffany-trump-marla-maples-nyfw/21711977


NYFW: Tiffany Trump attends show with boyfriend and mom Marla Maples. Share. ... and Hikari Mori attend the Michael Kors Collection on February 15, ...


Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to fun Mother's Day ...

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/05/15/tiffany-trump-treats...


First daughter Tiffany Trump spent all day Sunday with her mom Marla Maples, ... Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to fun ... Michael Ochs Archives ...


Who was Trump married to before Melania? Meet all the ...

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/03/22/who-was-trump-married...


Meet all the president's wives. ... Marla Maples and ... Property developer Donald Trump and wife Ivana Trump chat with actor Michael Douglas and his ...


Marla Maples On Ex-Husband Donald Trump: I Still Love Him ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/05/marla-maples-donald-trump_n...


Back in the '90s, Marla Maples was known as the other woman who had a scandalous affair with b...


What happened to Marla Maples' $250,000 engagement ring ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2016/04/05/marla-maples-donald-trump...


When Marla Maples accepted Donald ... (Photo by Donaldson Collection/Michael Ochs ... Sign up for Entertainment Insider by AOL to get the hottest pop ...


Marla Maples | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/topic/marla-maples


Marla Maples. Marla Maples. Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you. EDITION. US. NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News


Where is Tiffany Trump? President's youngest daughter ...

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/04/27/where-is-tiffany-trump...


Where is Tiffany Trump? President's youngest daughter headed to law school in the ... Socialite Marla Maples (L) ... (Photo by Michael Buckner/Getty Images)


Hairstylist claims Marla Maples requested free ... - AOL

https://www.aol.com/article/lifestyle/2017/01/17/hairstylist...


A hair stylist told the Washington Post that Maples and her daughter, ... (Photo by Donaldson Collection/Michael Ochs Archives ... Like AOL Lifestyle on ...


Tiffany Trump subject of brutal Samantha Bee joke about ...

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/04/29/tiffany-trump-subject...


Tiffany Trump subject of brutal Samantha Bee joke ... (Photo by Michael ... Trump's only daughter with former wife Marla Maples recently announces ...


Tiffany Trump parties with her famous friends, including ...

https://www.aol.com/article/entertainment/2017/04/21/tiffany-trump...


Tiffany Trump parties with her famous friends, including Bella Thorne. Share. Marah Alindogan, AOL.com. ... More from AOL.com:










We Found Michael Maples | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Michael Maples



1) Michael Maples's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Michael Maples's History | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Michael Maples's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.




Michael Maples | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Michael Maples



Find Michael Maples Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Maples Name Meaning - Origins, Family History & More



Ad
 ·
www.myheritage.com/​Maples



Find more Maples information & records on MyHeritage - Easy & Free!





Smith



Johnson



Williams



Jones



12345Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















