





Maraganore, John - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































John  Maraganore
JOHN MARAGANORE is President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of
Alnylam Pharmaeuticals, Inc. Mr. Maraganore joined Alnylam in December
2002 after having served as Senior Vice President, Strategic Product
Development for Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He was previously Vice
President, Strategic Planning and M&A and prior to that he was general
manager of Millennium BioTherapeutics, Inc., a former subsidiary of
Millennium. Before Millennium, he served as Director of Molecular
Biology and Director of Market and Business Development at Biogen, Inc.
Dr. Maraganore received his MS and PhD in Biochemistry and Molecular
Biology at the University of Chicago. sector – biotechnology
Related Interviews:John Maraganore - Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc (alny)October 26, 2004







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google

















  	John Maraganore: From "Prototypical Geek" To Canny Alnylam Chief | Xconomy	



















































































































































































 




EXOME
all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences









Want EXOME sent to you daily?








Meet the Contributors →
















            John Maraganore: From “Prototypical Geek” To Canny Alnylam Chief  			



 
 







Ben Fidler

			September 7th, 2014		



@benthefidler @xconomyLike Us



 Xconomy
            
Boston         — 
      
John Maraganore opened up an envelope in 1994 that changed his life. Inside were the results of the pivotal study of an anticoagulant drug Maraganore had created in the lab. It was the star prospect for Maraganore’s employer, Biogen. If the drug, bivalirudin, worked, Biogen might have its first product—and Maraganore, the glory of designing it.
The news, however, was bad. Bivalirudin failed the study. Biogen jettisoned the drug altogether, and moved on to become the world’s leader in multiple sclerosis treatments.
And Maraganore, the classic geek scientist obsessed with basic research, would never work at the lab bench again. Instead, Biogen leadership forced him down a new path, one that would transform him into a successful biotech business executive. He would authorize strategic decisions, weigh multi-billion dollar deals, handle the fates of hundreds of employees—and even find a way to bring bivalirudin to market. And ultimately, he would become one of the driving forces behind a new, high-risk, and high-reward, field of science—RNA interference (RNAi)—that aims to “silence” disease-causing genes.
Indeed, 20 years later, Maraganore now is synonymous with RNAi. He’s the CEO of Cambridge, MA-based Alnylam Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: ALNY), which has grown from fledgling startup to the biggest RNAi operation in the world.
And soon, another crucial envelope is coming for Maraganore. After burning through more than $600 million of invested dollars and enduring a series of highs and lows, Alnylam is running its first Phase 3 trial, with a drug called patisiran. The drug treats a rare condition that causes proteins to clump up in the body and stifle organs. Successful results will turn Alnylam from an expensive 13-year-long science project into a real revenue-generating pharmaceutical company with many more opportunities—and help validate the whole field of RNAi.
If patisiran fails? The chorus of those who doubt RNAi will grow louder.
“That’s fine,” Maraganore says. “That’s just the price of leading an effort.”
Indeed, Maraganore has never played it safe. He could have followed the path of his father and brother, and become a doctor with a stable income. He chose high-risk research instead. He could’ve stayed at Biogen, or later, Millennium Pharmaceuticals—established, stable drugmakers. Instead, he chose to lead a tiny startup pursuing a new field of science. He could have kept quiet when Novartis backed out of RNAi research earlier this year. Instead, he publicly blasted Big Pharma and criticized its ability to innovate.
Kevin Starr
“John is very much not risk-averse. That’s always been his MO as a scientist—he was a very bold scientist,” says Third Rock Ventures partner Kevin Starr, a longtime friend of Maraganore, a colleague at Biogen and Millennium, and a fellow Alnylam boardmember. “Alnylam has survived because he’s looked at it as one of his children and he’s put all that passion in there.”
Still, Maraganore is unfailingly self-effacing. He’s quick to point out his failures (there’s been “tons,” like deals he decided against that burned him down the road) or weaknesses (like running the day-to-day operations of a company). He’ll often point out others who are more qualified than he is to do a job—even if, in potential merger discussions, that may cost him his own. He’ll promote people past him. Starr, for instance, started out as his employee, but became his boss after a promotion Maraganore endorsed. He loves travel and good food, a glass of wine and a cigar, and a game of pool.
“John’s a fun guy,” Starr says, ”[and] he’s been successful by being a giver.”
And by pursuing his passions despite the risks. Maraganore (pronounced mare-a-ga-NOR-ee) was born in 1962 in Chicago, the son of two Greek immigrants and the second of three children. The family started out in a 2-bedroom townhouse in Rogers Park, on the far north side. When Maraganore’s father’s career as a pathologist took off, they were able to move to the upscale suburb of Skokie when Maraganore was about eight years old.
Much was expected of Maraganore and his older brother and younger sister. “We were driven to do important things,” he recalls. If he got an A at school, his parents wanted to know why wasn’t it an A+. Get a B? God forbid. It was tough on Maraganore, because school didn’t come easy to him, as it does for some of those kids that can slack off and ace a test.
“They held you to high standards, and they were hard drivers. It was all around, ‘you need to do better, you need to work harder,’” he says of his parents. “I had to work like a dog. But it did create a real work ethic in me that I have to this day.”
While he sheepishly acknowledges a “Dungeons & Dragons” phase, Maraganore took on all sorts of additional extra-curricular tasks, like the chemistry club, chess club, and yearbook editor. He finished high school near the top of his class.
Maraganore’s father believed that being a doctor meant stability and a good life, and pushed his children towards medicine. The unspoken expectation, according to Maraganore, was that father and sons would open and run a clinic together. His father would bring things home from his lab for his kids, like a microscope that a young Maraganore became obsessed with. “Propaganda,” Maraganore jokes today.
Maraganore also remembers spending summers as an adolescent working in his father’s pathology lab testing patient samples. He learned a lot of lab basics—pipetting, what to do and not to do with blood—and performed radioimmunoassays (tests to measure, say, hormone levels in the blood) and serum chemistry tests.
“[That was] one of the great things about having a pathologist for a father,” Maraganore says. “It was just a great learning experience.”
Maraganore became a certifiable science geek. His favorite class was biology. He volunteered at his high school biology lab, staying late to set up experiments for the next day, or stocking and maintaining the lab’s saltwater fish tank. He’d visit Chicago’s Museum of Science and Industry and speed to the human biology exhibit. He’d collect water samples from different places and bring them to his microscope to look at paramecia or hydras.
“[I’d] look at the microscope, and sort of look at these little tiny organisms and so forth, or a slide and look at cells, and it’s just fascinating, right?” he says. “It’s so beautiful.”
Maraganore’s brother dutifully became a doctor (a neurologist). But Maraganore strayed from the prescribed path. In his sophomore year at the University of Chicago, intending to study medicine, he began doing basic research in a lab under biochemistry professor Bob Heinrikson. He purified and characterized proteins, specifically snake venom enzymes. He recalls being motivated by the idea of exploring things “nobody else in the world was exploring.”
“Just like I enjoyed it when I was a kid, looking at the microscope, I was doing it as an older kid in a basic research lab,” he says. He began to aim for a career as a university scientist.
He sped through grad school, also at the University of Chicago, getting his PhD in biochemistry in just two years, though he claims it was blind “luck” because of  … Next Page »
Single PageCurrently on Page: 1 2 3 4



  				    Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com      				Follow @benthefidler 



Share on Facebook



Share on Twitter



LinkedIn



Email


Reprints



More from EXOME




 
New Research Could (Finally) Remove RNAi’s Commercial Limitations





 
J.P. Morgan 2015: Notes, Thoughts, And Conversations From the Vortex





 
American Copycats: Can Biosimilars Catch On And Cut Costs In U.S.?




Trending on Xconomy
Rapid7 Buys Jen Andre’s Startup, Komand, to Automate Security Tasks
Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable
12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2016—and One Still in Stealth Mode
















By posting a comment, you agree to our terms and conditions.






Bill Massey



John is the real deal. A humble, bright visionary.  Proud to know him.











 




Underwriters and Partners



















Xpertise: Watch + Learn







Xconomy Insight · Special Report

Starting a Biotech Company: What Every Entrepreneur Needs to Know

Success or failure depends on you. Get advice from the experts to help your startup succeed








From Our Editors · Podcast

Xconomy Voices 01: Mary Lou Jepsen

Mary Lou Jepsen is a fearsome samurai when it comes to the design and manufacturing of electronics.





From Our Advertisers








WI Startups See Growth in Investment Levels in 2016

137 companies raise more than $276 million in 2016
Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation













The Feed
Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci 










 



Home
Privacy/DMCA
Security Disclosures
About
Contact Us
Archives
Advertise
Subscribe for Free



	Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond.
	
© 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc.
		Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc.
		All rights reserved.
	

	  Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
  








































This biotech CEO is going all-in on a first drug approval




















































 
  








Skip to content

 





 
  Newsletters
My Account

Settings
Log Out


 


















BusinessNo stranger to gambling, this biotech CEO is going all-in on a first drug approval 

By Damian Garde @damiangarde May 5, 2016 


Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Email
Doximity
Republish
Print









John Maraganore, CEO of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, in his office in Cambridge.
Keith Bedford/The Boston Globe







Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Email
Doximity
Republish
Print








B
iotech is a risky business, where roughly 90 percent of grand ideas fall flat and billion-dollar failures are commonplace. So it’s fitting that the industry’s self-appointed spokesman is the blackjack-playing CEO of a fast-growing company, one about to find out whether its futuristic science can make an actual product.
John Maraganore is unafraid of the spotlight. The 53-year-old head of Kendall Square’s Alnylam Pharmaceuticals is a regular on CNBC, appearing on camera in his characteristic designer glasses and colorful suits. Mostly he talks about his company’s efforts to develop gene-silencing drugs, but he doesn’t hesitate to defend the virtues — and condemn the sins — of his whole industry, even though his company has yet to win marketing approval for a single product.
Last year, when Martin Shkreli’s Turing Pharmaceuticals raised the price of an old drug by more than 5,000 percent, Maraganore was one of the first biotech executives to castigate the move.
advertisement






Biotech is “about innovation, patients, and 21st-century medicines,” he said on live television, not “repricing drugs from the 1950s to make a profit.”
It wasn’t a calculated statement, Maraganore told STAT. He got the invitation as he was preparing his kids for school, and he was on the air an hour later, speaking on behalf of drug companies around the country.
“If there are actors in the biotech community out there poisoning the well by creating a negative environment, it hurts us,” Maraganore said in his Cambridge office, sitting beneath a Fiat-sized poster of a drug he developed at another company. “It hurts Alnylam. It hurts any other development-stage company.”









						Read More					



						For drug companies, the Martin Shkreli nightmare isn’t over yet					


Maraganore’s strongest words, however, are often saved for Alnylam’s competitors.
Last year, when rival firm Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals acquired some gene-silencing assets from Novartis, one of Alnylam’s former partners, Maraganore dismissed the deal as “buying a bag of stale potato chips.”
And that’s what he’ll say on the record. Within Alnylam, he tends to be more candid.
“He will say exactly what he thinks about something someone else did, and people love that,” said Rachel Meyers, the company’s vice president of research. “But there’s been many, many times when the eyes go around the room, and everyone looks at each other and thinks, ‘OK, did he just say that?’”
It’s a risk, as CEO of a publicly traded biotech, to weigh in on issues outside your company. In the drug industry, stocks often rise and fall on rumor and conjecture. Speaking unguarded in a fickle market can seem like tempting fate.
But Maraganore said he’s never heard complaints from other company executives, and Alnylam’s investors or board members have never asked him to tone it down.
He’s been “a very positive force in the whole biotech community,” said Phillip Sharp, a molecular biologist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who cofounded Alnylam in 2002 and continues to sit on the company’s board.
And people around the industry, including executives at rival firms, all praised his ability to put a human face on biotech.
Dr. Sean Harper, head of research at biotech giant Amgen, said Maraganore has helped raise the industry’s profile. And Dr. Jay Bradner, the top scientist at Novartis, called Maraganore a “legend” whose decade-plus dedication to Alnylam demonstrates “the most credible type of scientific leadership.”
Today, Alnylam is worth about $6 billion, employs more than 400 people, and pays its CEO about $8.3 million in cash and stock. But when Maraganore left the cancer drug maker Millennium Pharmaceuticals to become Alnylam’s CEO in its early days, the company had just a handful of employees and a few million dollars to its name.









						Read More					



						What’s in a biotech name? How drug startups choose their brand					


Kevin Starr, then Millennium’s chief financial officer, thought his friend was taking too big a risk: Alnylam’s bedrock technology had been around for just a few years, a blip in the world of science, and the company had only data from mice to back up its ambitions.
But Starr, now a member of Alnylam’s board, soon realized the “nerdy scientist” he once knew had grown into a business leader, he said.
And the change was visible. Maraganore, as former Millennium CEO Mark Levin put it, had gone from a lab dweller with “khaki pants halfway up his chest” to something “more like a model out of Versace than someone out of Boys’ Life.”
Maraganore’s risk-taking streak dates back to his pre-Alnylam days at Millennium, where he was an executive vice president quite fond of making friendly bets. Levin remembers a particularly lucrative meeting in 2000, when Maraganore, unprompted, made the bold assertion that, every 100 years, the month of February stretched to 30 days.
“And everybody’s like, ‘John, that’s not right,’” Levin said.





Sign up for The Readout: A guide to what's new in biotech



Please enter a valid email address.














But, this being a presmartphone world in which such claims could not be instantly checked, Maraganore held onto his version of planetary science, and he dared his colleagues to put some money on it.
Maraganore lost $1,000 that night, recalled Levin, who together with Starr and another Millennium alum went on to launch and run Third Rock Ventures, a Boston firm dedicated to bankrolling startups.
Maraganore’s most recent gamble, betting on an unconventional approach to treating disease, is looking more promising.
Biotech companies have long developed humanized antibodies that block the errant proteins behind many diseases. But Alnylam’s technology goes one step upstream, tinkering with RNA to stop those proteins from being produced in the first place.









						Read More					



						Clash of scientific titans: CRISPR hits the courts, with money and prestige at stake					


Now, after spending about $1.4 billion over 14 years, Alnylam has reached the final stage of development with its top prospect, a treatment for a rare, life-threatening disease that results from the buildup of misfolded proteins. And the company is so confident the drug is going to work that it just broke ground on a huge manufacturing facility south of Boston, which is slated to come online in 2018 — right when Alnylam expects to win regulatory approval.
“We’re making those all-in decisions right now,” Maraganore said.
Both Levin and Starr said they continue to see Maraganore’s growing appetite for risk first hand each and every year: All three make an annual pilgrimage to Las Vegas for a weekend of marathon blackjack games with a few hours of sleep peppered in, a tradition that dates back 13 years.
They all bet “big stakes,” Maraganore said, though he declined to disclose just how those bets pan out.
“You know, I’m pretty break-even,” he said.
Kendall Squared brings you dispatches from the world’s epicenter for biotechnology and drug discovery. 


Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Email
Doximity
Republish
Print



About the Author 
Damian Garde

National Biotech Reporter
Damian covers biotech and writes The Readout newsletter.

damian.garde@statnews.com


@damiangarde

 Tags
biotech
pharmaceutical industry
RNA 



















Leave a Comment Cancel reply 
Name Please enter your name.
Email Address Please enter a valid email address.
Comment Please enter a comment.


Notify me of followup comments via e-mail

 

 




Trending



 

 

					WHO moves to widen access to generic Sovaldi in…				

					WHO moves to widen access to generic Sovaldi in dozens of countries				



 

					Trump’s New York Times interview is a window into…				

					Trump’s New York Times interview is a window into his psyche				



 

					Forget sharks: 7 things in the water swimmers should…				

					Forget sharks: 7 things in the water swimmers should actually fear				




Recommended




 

					This biotech aims to transform the diagnosis of mental…				

					This biotech aims to transform the diagnosis of mental illness. Michael Phelps backs it. Can it…				



 

					Trump’s fun with pharmaceutical packaging				

					Trump’s fun with pharmaceutical packaging				



 

					A treatment option for McCain: an electric cap that…				

					A treatment option for McCain: an electric cap that kills brain cancer cells				






Recommended Stories








 














 








advertisement
 





 














 














 















						Sign up for our biotech newsletter, The Readout					




	A guide to what’s new in biotech — delivered straight to your inbox every weekday morning.
  























































Alnylam |   Our Leadership































































































 Follow Us: 



Clinical Trials
Patient Connect
Press Releases
Capella
Contact Us

 










 





















Search










 



 




















 







Our
 Leadership




Management Board
Alnylam has assembled a team of passionate leaders from the biopharmaceutical industry, bringing together their experiences of drug discovery, drug development, and commercialization. All members of the Management Board are also part of the Operating Team.

 








Karen Anderson
SVP Chief Human Resources Officer
Karen Anderson joined Alnylam in 2014 from Biogen Idec where she served as Vice President, Human Resources for Research & Design (R&D) and Corporate Development.
 
Prior to Biogen Idec, Karen was the Vice President of Human Resources, Commercial for Pfizer Inc., covering both Developed Markets and Emerging Markets. Earlier in her 10-year tenure with Pfizer, Karen supported Worldwide R&D. Before joining Pfizer, she spent 6 years at Baxter in multiple roles, including Global Human Resources Director. Her career as a human resources leader in the biopharma industry began in 1995, when she joined Bayer as Director of Compensation from her role as an Associate Consultant with the Hay Group.
 
Karen received an MA degree in Organizational Psychology and Development from Bowling Green State University in Ohio. She earned her BA with honors in both Psychology and Labor Relations from York University in Toronto, Canada, and serves on the Board of Directors for Advancing Women in the Enterprise of Science & Technology.

 








Emmanuel Dulac, PharmD, PhD, MBA
Chief Commercial Officer
Dr. Emmanuel Dulac joined Alnylam in August 2016, and is responsible for establishing the Alnylam global commercial footprint. He leads the development of the global commercial organization, building global commercial capabilities, including support of patients post product launch, and building the US commercial operations.
 
Emmanuel brings more than 20 years of international experience to Alnylam in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry. He joins the company from Shire where he was Senior Vice President, Head of the Rare Disease Business Unit. In this function, Emmanuel led the growth of a portfolio of 5 global brands worth $500 million and developed an innovative patient service hub. Prior to Shire, Emmanuel held various roles of increasing responsibility at Sanofi, Abbott, and Novartis in global, regional, and local functions.
 
Emmanuel graduated from the University of Paris XI with a Doctorate in Pharmacology (PharmD, PhD) and completed an MBA degree from the ESSEC School in Paris.

 








Barry Greene
President
Barry Greene joined Alnylam in 2003 and has more than 25 years of experience in healthcare, pharmaceutical, and biotechnology industries.
 
Prior to Alnylam, Barry was General Manager of Oncology at Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he led the company’s global strategy and execution for its oncology business, including strategic business direction and execution, culminating in the successful approval and launch of VELCADE® (bortezomib) in mid-2003. Prior to joining Millennium in February 2001, Barry served as Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer for Mediconsult.com. Preceding that, Barry’s past experiences include Vice President of Marketing and Customer Services for AstraZeneca, formerly AstraMerck; Vice President Strategic Integration with responsibility for the AstraZeneca North American post-merger integration; and Partner, Andersen Consulting, responsible for the pharmaceutical/biotechnology marketing and sales practice.
 
Barry received his BS degree in Industrial Engineering from University of Pittsburgh and served as Senior Scholar at Duke University, Fuqua School of Business. Barry also serves on the Boards of Acorda Therapeutics and Karyopharm Therapeutics.

 








Yvonne Greenstreet, MBChB, MBA
Chief Operating Officer
Dr. Yvonne Greenstreet possesses 25 years of global experience in the pharmaceutical industry, where she has been in senior roles in research and development, strategy, and portfolio management. She has successfully led product development and commercialization teams in a wide range of therapy areas, bringing new medicines to patients.
 
Yvonne was previously Senior Vice President and Head of Medicines Development at Pfizer, and a member of the executive team for the specialty business, with accountability for a portfolio that included the immuno-inflammation, vaccine, specialty neuroscience, and rare disease areas. Prior to Pfizer, Yvonne held roles of increasing responsibility at GlaxoSmithKline, including Senior Vice President and Chief of Strategy for Research and Development, Senior Vice President for Medicines Development and Chief Medical Officer for Europe.
 
Yvonne received her medical degree (MBChB) from the University of Leeds, UK, and an MBA degree from INSEAD, France.

 








Pushkal Garg, MD
Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Pushkal Garg joined Alnylam in 2014 with 15 years of experience in clinical drug development. He oversees clinical research & operations, biometrics & data management, and medical writing groups.
 
Prior to joining Alnylam, Dr. Garg served as Vice President, Global Clinical Research, Immunoscience at Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS). He was the strategic leader of the Immunoscience franchise and successful developer of multiple clinical assets across the areas of rheumatology, gastroenterology, nephrology, and transplantation. While at BMS, he was instrumental to the late-stage development and approval of Nulojix® (belatacept) for kidney transplant recipients, and for supplementary biologics license applications (BLAs) for Orencia® (abatacept). Preceding this, Dr. Garg held various roles at Millenium Pharmaceuticals, overseeing the clinical development of multiple small molecule and biologic therapeutics for the treatment of inflammatory disorders.
 
Dr. Garg received a Bachelor of Arts with high honors in Biochemistry from the University of California, Berkeley, and a medical degree from the University of California, San Francisco. He completed residency training in Internal Medicine at UCSF, was a fellow in the Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholars Program at Johns Hopkins University, and served on the faculty of Harvard Medical School and the Brigham & Women’s Hospital in Boston prior to joining the industry.

 








Laurie Keating, JD
SVP, General Counsel, and Secretary
Laurie Bartlett Keating joined Alnylam in 2014 with more than 25 years of executive experience at high technology and biotechnology companies.
 
Prior to joining Alnylam, Laurie served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Millennium: The Takeda Oncology Company for 9 years, responsible for setting the company’s global legal, intellectual property, and corporate quality strategies and priorities. Prior to Millennium, Laurie was co-founder and the first CEO of Hydra Biosciences, Inc. Before co-founding Hydra, she served as an executive at high-growth technology companies, including Iomega Corporation, and Sybase, Inc., a software company that grew from a few hundred to 6,000 employees during Laurie’s tenure on the management team. Based on her leadership at Sybase, Laurie was named one of the 45 most influential in-house lawyers in the United States under the age of 45. Upon graduating from law school, Laurie practiced law at McCutchen, Doyle, Brown and Enersen (now Bingham McCutchen) in San Francisco.
 
She has a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law, and a BA in Economics from the University of California at Berkeley. Laurie is a member of the Board of Directors of MassBio, and the immediate past chair of the BIO General Counsels Committee.

 








John Maraganore, PhD
Chief Executive Officer
Since 2002, Dr. John Maraganore has served as the CEO and a Director of Alnylam.
 
Prior to Alnylam, Dr. Maraganore served as an officer and a member of the management team for Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. As Senior Vice President, Strategic Product Development for Millennium, he was responsible for the company’s product franchises in oncology, and cardiovascular, inflammatory, and metabolic diseases. He was previously Vice President, Strategic Planning and M&A and, prior to that, he was General Manager of Millennium BioTherapeutics, Inc., a former subsidiary of Millennium. Before Millennium he served as Director of Molecular Biology and Director of Market and Business Development at Biogen, Inc. At Biogen, Dr. Maraganore invented and led the discovery and development of ANGIOMAX® (bivalirudin) for injection, formerly HIRULOGTM and currently marketed by The Medicines Company. Prior to Biogen, Dr. Maraganore was a scientist at ZymoGenetics, Inc., and the Upjohn Company.
 
Dr. Maraganore received his MS and PhD in biochemistry and molecular biology at the University of Chicago. He is a Director for bluebird bio, Inc., and is the Chairman of the Board for Agios Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Maraganore is a member of the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) Board and the BIO Executive Committee, and serves as co-chair of the Regulatory Environment Committee.

 








Manmeet S. Soni
Chief Financial Officer
Manmeet Soni joined Alnylam in June 2017. He provides strategic leadership over all financial management company-wide, including the global finance, investor relations, and communications teams.
 
Prior to joining Alnylam, Manmeet served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he played a central role in the strategic review, turnaround, and subsequent acquisition of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. by Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company Limited. Before joining ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Manmeet worked at Pharmacyclics, Inc., where he served most recently as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. He also played a vital role in the acquisition of Pharmacyclics, Inc. by Abbvie, Inc. for $21 billion. Previously, Manmeet worked at ZELTIQ Aesthetics Inc., and PricewaterhouseCoopers San Jose, in the Life Science and Venture Capital Group. Prior to that, he worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers India.
 
Manmeet is currently a board member and audit committee chair at Genoscience Pharma. He graduated from Hansraj College at Delhi University in India. He is a Certified Public Accountant, licensed in the state of California, and a Chartered Accountant from India.

 








Akshay Vaishnaw, MD, PhD
EVP of Research & Development
Dr. Akshay Vaishnaw joined Alnylam in 2006, coming from Biogen, Inc. (now Biogen Idec Inc.), where he was most recently Senior Director, Translational Medicine.
 
In his 7 years at Biogen, Dr. Vaishnaw was involved in many aspects of clinical research and business development, and led the effort for the approval of AMEVIVE® (alefacept) for psoriasis.
 
Dr. Vaishnaw received his MD from the University of Wales College of Medicine, UK, and his PhD from the University of London, UK, in Molecular Immunology. He is a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, UK. Dr. Vaishnaw is a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Scholar Rock, and a member of the Board of Directors for Visterra, Inc., and for Editas Medicine. In addition, he has published papers in leading scientific journals and authored several textbook chapters relating to autoimmune disease.

 


Board of Directors
The Alnylam Board of Directors is composed of accomplished leaders from the healthcare industry who bring their experience in science, drug development, commercialization, and strategy to our efforts in developing RNAi (RNA interference) therapeutics.

 


Michael W. Bonney
Chairman
Former Chief Executive Officer and Director of Cubist Pharmaceuticals and former Partner of Third Rock Ventures; Director of Celgene Corporation, Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc., and Revolution Medicines, Inc.; and Trustee of Gulf of Maine Research Institute and Tekla fund complex, focused on healthcare investing.

 


Dennis A. Ausiello, MD
Director of the Center for Assessment Technology and Continuous Health (CATCH) and Physician‐in‐Chief Emeritus at Massachusetts General Hospital, and Jackson Distinguished Professor of Clinical Medicine at Harvard Medical School; Director of Pfizer, Inc., and Seres Therapeutics, Inc.

 


John K. Clarke
Managing General Partner, Cardinal Partners; founder of Alnylam, Alkermes, Inc., and Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Chairman of the Board of Directors of aTyr Pharma, Inc.

 


Marsha H. Fanucci
Former Chief Financial Officer of Millennium Pharmaceuticals and serves on the Board of Directors at Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

 


John M. Maraganore, PhD
Chief Executive Officer of Alnylam and serves on the Board of Directors at bluebird bio, Inc., and Agios Pharmaceuticals.

 


Steven M. Paul, MD
Chief Executive Officer, President, and board member of Voyager Therapeutics, Inc.; Venture Partner at Third Rock Ventures; co-founder and board member of SAGE Therapeutics; trustee for the Foundation for the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH); former President of the Lilly Research Laboratories of Eli Lilly and Company, and former Scientific Director of the NIH.

 


David E.I. Pyott
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Allergan; Lead Director of Avery Dennison Corporation; member of the Supervisory Board of Royal Philips in the Netherlands, and director of BioMarin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

 


Paul R. Schimmel, PhD
Ernest and Jean Hahn Professor of Molecular Biology and Chemistry at Scripps Research Institute; founder of Alnylam; member of the National Academy of Sciences, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the Institute of Medicine; co-founder of Cubist, Alkermes, and Repligen; and co-founder and director of aTyr Pharma, Inc.

 


Amy W. Schulman, JD
Chief Executive Officer and board member of Arsia Therapeutics; co-founder, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Lyndra, Inc.; Venture Partner at Polaris Partners; former Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Pfizer Inc.; served as the Business Unit Lead for the Pfizer Consumer Healthcare business; senior lecturer at Harvard Business School and director of Blue Buffalo Pet Products, Inc.

 


Phillip A. Sharp, PhD
Institute Professor, The Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research, MIT; founding director of McGovern Institute for Brain Research, MIT; Nobel Laureate; founder of Alnylam; co-founder and former director of Biogen, Inc.; member of the National Academy of Sciences, the Institute of Medicine, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

 


Kevin P. Starr
Partner
Third Rock Ventures partner; Chairman of Decibel Therapeutics, Inc.; former Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; director of Ember Therapeutics and SAGE Therapeutics, Inc.

 



SIGN UP FOR PATIENT CONNECTReceive updates on our investigational therapies and clinical trials.Sign Up Now > 



























 



Alnylam CEO, John Maraganore, Named BIO Chair for 2017-2018 Term | Business Wire
























































Alnylam CEO, John Maraganore, Named BIO Chair for 2017-2018 Term






June 19, 2017 04:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Alnylam 
      Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:ALNY), the leading RNAi therapeutics 
      company, today announced that Chief Executive Officer John Maraganore, 
      Ph.D., has been elected as the Chair of the Biotechnology Innovation 
      Organization (BIO) Board of Directors for the 2017-2018 term.
    


      “BIO has long supported the innovative, transformative work of the 
      biotech community, and it is an honor to serve as Chair for this 
      organization that continues to drive innovation across healthcare, 
      agricultural, industrial and environmental biotechnology products, while 
      continuing my leadership of Alnylam,” said Dr. Maraganore. “I’ve devoted 
      my life’s work to the biotech industry and believe that it is one of the 
      most powerful examples of what can be accomplished when people work 
      together to solve problems for the benefit of all of humanity. I look 
      forward to working with industry leaders, government, patient groups, 
      physicians and stakeholders around the globe to advance BIO’s mission 
      while addressing some of our industry’s most exciting opportunities and 
      most pressing issues.”
    

      BIO is the world's largest trade association representing biotechnology 
      companies, academic institutions, state biotechnology centers and 
      related organizations across the United States and in more than 30 other 
      countries. Dr. Maraganore has served on the board since 2006. He has 
      held roles on the Executive Committee, served as co-chair of the 
      Regulatory Environment Committee and previously served as chair of the 
      Emerging Company Section. Dr. Maraganore will serve as BIO chair through 
      June 2018, when he will be eligible for re-election for another one-year 
      term.
    

      “John Maraganore has been an active member and engaged leader of BIO for 
      more than a decade. As an industry veteran and pioneering leader within 
      the biotech community, I am confident he will advance the mission of BIO 
      and our industry at large,” said Jim Greenwood, president and chief 
      executive officer of BIO. “I look forward to working closely with John 
      to ensure the continued success of BIO.”
    

About Alnylam Pharmaceuticals


      Alnylam (Nasdaq: ALNY) is leading the translation of RNA interference 
      (RNAi) into a whole new class of innovative medicines with the potential 
      to transform the lives of patients who have limited or inadequate 
      treatment options. Based on Nobel Prize-winning science, RNAi 
      therapeutics represent a powerful, clinically validated approach for the 
      treatment of a wide range of debilitating diseases. Founded in 2002, 
      Alnylam is delivering on a bold vision to turn scientific possibility 
      into reality, with a robust discovery platform and deep pipeline of 
      investigational medicines, including three product candidates that are 
      in late-stage development or will be in 2017. Looking forward, Alnylam 
      will continue to execute on its "Alnylam 2020" strategy of building a 
      multi-product, commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company with a 
      sustainable pipeline of RNAi-based medicines. For more information about 
      our people, science and pipeline, please visit www.alnylam.com and 
      engage with us on Twitter at @Alnylam.
    


Contacts

Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Investors and MediaChristine 
      Regan Lindenboom, 617-682-4340orInvestorsJosh Brodsky, 
      617-551-8276
    

















Contacts

Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Investors and MediaChristine 
      Regan Lindenboom, 617-682-4340orInvestorsJosh Brodsky, 
      617-551-8276
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up




















John Maraganore, PhD - World Medical Innovation Forum BOSTON

























 























































































 
 
 




Artificial IntelligenceApril 23–25, 2018
Boston, MA • United States
 
 
 





Partners HealthCare Innovation
Partners HealthCare
Contact Us
 






 








 








 


 
 
















Menu 
Register
The Event

Who Should Attend
Location
Steering Committee
First Look
Discovery Café
Disruptive Dozen


Agenda

Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday


Speakers

Keynoters
Featured Speakers


Sponsors

Stakeholder
Strategic Partners
Collaborators
Affiliates
Sponsor Opportunities


News and Past Forums

News
Past Forum: 2017
Past Forum: 2017 (London)
Past Forum: 2016
Past Forum: 2015
Media Press Kit


 
 
 

































 
 
 


 






 
 


 






			John Maraganore, PhD					
 




CEO, Alnylam


Since 2002, John Maraganore has served as the CEO and a Director of Alnylam. Prior to Alnylam he served as an officer and a member of the management team for Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. As Senior Vice President, Strategic Product Development for Millennium, he was responsible for the company’s product franchises in oncology, and cardiovascular, inﬂammatory, and metabolic diseases. He was previously Vice President, Strategic Planning and M&A and prior to that he was General Manager of Millennium BioTherapeutics, Inc., a former subsidiary of Millennium. Before Millennium he served as Director of Molecular Biology and Director of Market and Business Development at Biogen, Inc. At Biogen, Dr. Maraganore invented and led the discovery and development of Angiomax™ (bivalirudin for injection, formerly Hirulog™) currently marketed by The Medicines Company. Prior to Biogen, Dr. Maraganore was a scientist at ZymoGenetics, Inc., and the Upjohn Company. Dr. Maraganore received his MS and PhD in biochemistry and molecular biology at the University of Chicago. Dr. Maraganore is a Director for bluebird bio and is the Chairman of the Board for Agios Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Maraganore is a member of the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) Board and the BIO Executive Committee, and serves as the chair of the Emerging Company Section and as co-chair of the Regulatory Environment Committee.
Speakers Agenda
This speaker appears at this event: 
Disruptive Therapeutic Platforms: New Tools, New Outcomes





































Alnylam CEO, John Maraganore, Named BIO Chair for 2017-2018 TermHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Nasdaq6,387.75-2.25 (-0.04%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Alnylam CEO, John Maraganore, Named BIO Chair for 2017-2018 TermBusiness WireJune 19, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareCAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY), the leading RNAi therapeutics company, today announced that Chief Executive Officer John Maraganore, Ph.D., has been elected as the Chair of the Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO) Board of Directors for the 2017-2018 term.“BIO has long supported the innovative, transformative work of the biotech community, and it is an honor to serve as Chair for this organization that continues to drive innovation across healthcare, agricultural, industrial and environmental biotechnology products, while continuing my leadership of Alnylam,” said Dr. Maraganore. “I’ve devoted my life’s work to the biotech industry and believe that it is one of the most powerful examples of what can be accomplished when people work together to solve problems for the benefit of all of humanity. I look forward to working with industry leaders, government, patient groups, physicians and stakeholders around the globe to advance BIO’s mission while addressing some of our industry’s most exciting opportunities and most pressing issues.”BIO is the world's largest trade association representing biotechnology companies, academic institutions, state biotechnology centers and related organizations across the United States and in more than 30 other countries. Dr. Maraganore has served on the board since 2006. He has held roles on the Executive Committee, served as co-chair of the Regulatory Environment Committee and previously served as chair of the Emerging Company Section. Dr. Maraganore will serve as BIO chair through June 2018, when he will be eligible for re-election for another one-year term.“John Maraganore has been an active member and engaged leader of BIO for more than a decade. As an industry veteran and pioneering leader within the biotech community, I am confident he will advance the mission of BIO and our industry at large,” said Jim Greenwood, president and chief executive officer of BIO. “I look forward to working closely with John to ensure the continued success of BIO.”About Alnylam PharmaceuticalsAlnylam (ALNY) is leading the translation of RNA interference (RNAi) into a whole new class of innovative medicines with the potential to transform the lives of patients who have limited or inadequate treatment options. Based on Nobel Prize-winning science, RNAi therapeutics represent a powerful, clinically validated approach for the treatment of a wide range of debilitating diseases. Founded in 2002, Alnylam is delivering on a bold vision to turn scientific possibility into reality, with a robust discovery platform and deep pipeline of investigational medicines, including three product candidates that are in late-stage development or will be in 2017. Looking forward, Alnylam will continue to execute on its "Alnylam 2020" strategy of building a multi-product, commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company with a sustainable pipeline of RNAi-based medicines. For more information about our people, science and pipeline, please visit www.alnylam.com and engage with us on Twitter at @Alnylam.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170619005595/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextWhat it's like to ship yourself overnight on Cabin's sleep pod busTechCrunchWhy sparkling water sales could spike by 20% in 2017Yahoo Finance2 Dudes in a Car: Blissing out in the Lincoln ContinentalYahoo FinanceAetna CEO Bertolini: How tech plays into the future of healthcareYahoo Finance VideoCall of the week: Now's the time to 'buy' ChipotleYahoo FinanceDrivers should brace for higher gas prices: AAAFox BusinessIntercepted communications appear to contradict Jeff Sessions' claims about his conversations with Russian ambassadorBusiness InsiderPokémon Go's first real-world event was a disaster, and everyone was refundedBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: Why he pays his employees to sleepYahoo Finance VideoShort-sellers have lost $7.1 billion betting against this year's hottest tech stocksYahoo FinanceAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemYahoo FinanceDivided UK, inconclusive election could put brakes on BrexitAssociated PressMary Kay Launches Beauty Industry First As Thousands Convene For U.S. SeminarPR NewswireAetna CEO Bertolini: How his own accident and son’s cancer changed his journeyYahoo Finance VideoStocks back off from record highsYahoo Finance'Out and out political warfare': Trump claims 'complete power to pardon' amid the White House's escalating war on Russia investigationBusiness InsiderDivided UK, inconclusive election could put brakes on BrexitDana: The liberals and their media are no different in England than they are here. They yell and scream that they want a democratic system, but when democracy doesn't go their way, they try everything they can to overturn it. The people spoke. Sorry that you don't like it, but that is the way a democracy works.Join the Conversation1 / 5169












Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #5f5c0490-6fb1-11e7-9574-433b1b236266
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #5f89f260-6fb1-11e7-9eb1-8bb360db01e9
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #5fb3e890-6fb1-11e7-88c9-03deea60e7fe
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          










Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. Robert F. Kennedy, Politician    

