










Sheila Marcelo - Care.com











































Log In
|
Join now





Hi there!
How would you like to log in?





Sign In with Facebook

























Keep me logged in

|

Forgot password?














Businesses & Organizations
|
Help










Children





Care for Children
Start Here 
 







Or select a service




Child Care
Babysitters
Nannies
Child Care Centers
Family Child Care
Nanny Agencies
Au Pairs
Camps
Special Needs Care
Tutors
College Caregivers
Transportation Needs


My Town

Child Care Articles



Seniors





Care for Seniors
Start Here 
 







Or select a service




Assisted Living
Home Care
Senior Caregivers
Transportation Needs


My Town

Senior Care Articles



Pets





Care for Pets
Start Here 
 







Or select a service




Pet Care
Pet Sitters
Dog Walkers
Transportation Needs


My Town

Pet Care Articles



Home





Care for your
Home Start Here

 







Or select a service




Personal Assistant
Housekeeper
House Cleaner

Errands & Odd Jobs


My Town

House Cleaning Articles



Military Families





Military Care Start Here 
 




Military Family Articles



My Care.com

My Care.com
My Groups

My Town

Back Up Care



How It Works






Post a job





Find a
Child Care Provider
  Babysitter
  Nanny
  Child Care Center
  Family Child Care
  Nanny Agencies
  Camp
  Au Pair
  After School Care
Special Needs Provider
  After School Care
Tutor/Private Lesson
  After School Care
------------------
Senior Housing Community
Home Care Agency
Home Care Individual
------------------
Pet Care Provider
  Pet Sitting/Walking
  Pet Day Care
  Boarding/Kenneling
  Dog Training
  Grooming
  Veterinary
------------------
Housekeeper
Errands & Odd Jobs Provider
------------------
Child Care Job
  After School Job
Special Needs Job
  After School Job
Tutoring Job
  After School Job
Senior Care Job
Pet Care Job
Housekeeping Job
Transportation Job
Errands & Odd Job
Near 

Within 
1 miles
2 miles
3 miles
4 miles
5 miles
10 miles
15 miles
20 miles
25 miles
30 miles
35 miles
40 miles
45 miles
50 miles

Search





























About Us


Company Overview
Timeline




Meet The Team



What We Do




Investor Relations





Press Room


Current Highlights
News Coverage
Press Releases
Speakers & Experts
Awards
Customer Reviews
Infographics
Widgets




Careers



Care.org






















Meet The Team » Sheila Marcelo



Viewing:





Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Dave Krupinski
Michael Echenberg
Diane Musi
Zenobia Moochhala
Al Zink


Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Tony Florence
Chet Kapoor
J. Sanford (Sandy) Miller
Joanna Rees
Duncan Robertson
Laela Sturdy













Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Founder, Chairwoman & CEO


Connect with Sheila:






Downloads:
 Executive Headshot(300 dpi, JPG, 4MB)



"Being part of the families we serve is both an honor and a responsibility. Making sure that we deliver for them is what drives and inspires me every day."




About Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Sheila's inspiration to found Care.com stemmed from both her personal and professional experiences. A young mother with two small children who also became part of the "sandwich generation" caring for her parents at an early age, Sheila was challenged to find quality care solutions. She knew this problem was not unique to her family and that there had to be a better solution than the yellow pages. Her career firmly rooted in technology, she knew that was the answer and founded Care.com in 2006. Today, the company is the world’s largest online destination for finding and managing family care, with more than 24 million members across 20 countries. Sheila's passion for technology developed during her time as a management consultant and a teaching fellow at Harvard Business School. Her growing appreciation for the power of technology to help solve real problems for people led her to Upromise, where she was VP of Product Management and Marketing for the service that helped families save for college, and then to executive search engine TheLadders.com, where she was VP and General Manager. Following TheLadders.com, she was an Entrepreneur in Residence at Matrix Partners where she developed the plan for Care.com. As Care.com has grown and scaled, Sheila has been honored with numerous accolades, including one of the "Top 10 Women Entrepreneurs" at Fortune's Most Powerful Women Summit (2009) and Fortune Magazine (2014), the youngest recipient of the lifetime award by HBS – the Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award (2014), and bestowed one of the highest honors for Filipinos, the Filipino Heritage Award or Pamana ng Pilipino from President Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines. Sheila is also a Henry Crown Fellow with the Aspen Institute (Class of 2012), was awarded a Marshall Memorial Fellowship (Class of 2011), and named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum (Class of 2011). Sheila is a Board Trustee of the Philippine Development Foundation, a non-profit organization that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives. In addition, she sits on the Advisory Board for the Harvard Business School Rock 100 Entrepreneurs Summit, and is an advisor to several start-up companies. Sheila founded WomenUp.org in 2010 to increase women's roles in the global economy by providing leadership training, mentorship and support to girls and women through every stage of their lives and careers. A frequent speaker on women in technology and female entrepreneurship and leadership, Sheila has spoken alongside President Obama at the White House Summit on Working Families (2014), with global political and business leaders at The World Economic Forum (2013, 2015), and to emerging female leaders at Harvard University (2013) and CEOs at Northeastern University (2013). Sheila graduated magna cum laude from Mount Holyoke College with a degree in Economics and received her J.D. and M.B.A. degrees, with honors and the Dean's Award from Harvard University.


Sheila's Awards
 Filipino Heritage Award, President Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines, 2014 Alumni Achievement Award, Harvard Business School, 2014 Entrepreneur of the Year, New England Venture Capital Association, 2014 Pinnacle Award, Boston Chamber of Commerce, 2014 Top 50 in Digital Health, Rock Health, 2014 Digital Trailblazer, National Association of Female Executives, 2013 Leading Women Award, Girl Scouts of Eastern MA, 2013 Strengthening Families Award, Room to Grow, 2013 100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs, Goldman Sachs 2013 Builders & Innovators Summit, 2013 Outstanding 50 Asian Americans in Business, Asian American Development Center, 2013 Academy of Women Achievers, YWCA, 2013 Women of Excellence, National Council on Aging, 2013 100 Innovators, Boston Globe, 2013 100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs, Goldman Sachs 2012 Builders & Innovators Summit, 2012 10 Most Powerful Women in Tech, Boston Globe, 2012 Leader in Diversity, Boston Business Journal, 2012 Innovation All-Stars: Tech Luminary, Boston Business Journal, 2012 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year, New England, 2010 Top 10 Women Entrepreneurs, Fortune's Most Powerful Women, 2009 40 Under 40, Boston Business Journal, 2009 


 












Company

About Us
Investor Relations
Sheila's Blog
Help
Safety Center
Careers



Popular Topics

Babysitters
Nannies
Child Care
Housekeepers
Tutors



Join us on














Care.com in My Town




Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Boston


Chicago


Cincinnati


Cleveland


Dallas


Denver






Detroit


Houston


Indianapolis


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Miami


Minneapolis


New York


Orlando






Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Sacramento


Salt Lake City


San Antonio


San Diego


San Francisco






San Jose


Seattle


St. Louis


Tampa


Virginia Beach


Washington DC








Discover

HomePay℠ - Nanny Tax Help
List your Business
Care@Work - Employee Benefits Programs
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Care Directory




Care.com is the world's largest online destination for care. We connect families with caregivers and caring companies to help you be there for the ones you love.


Care.com does not employ any care provider or care seeker nor is it responsible for the conduct of any care provider or care seeker. Care.com provides information and tools to help care seekers and care providers connect and make informed decisions. However, each individual is solely responsible for selecting an appropriate care provider or care seeker for themselves or their families and for complying with all applicable laws in connection with any employment relationship they establish. The information contained in member profiles, job posts and applications are supplied by care providers and care seekers themselves and is not information generated or verified by Care.com. Care.com does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment or engage in any conduct that requires a professional license.


Care.com and "There for you" are service marks or registered service marks of Care.com, Inc. ©
2007-2017 Care.com, Inc. All rights reserved.


Care.com® HomePaySM is a service provided by Breedlove and Associates, LLC, a Care.com company.
































Sheila Lirio Marcelo - Wikipedia






















 






Sheila Lirio Marcelo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sheila Lirio Marcelo



Marcelo in 2014



Born
1970 Philippines


Nationality
American


Education
Brent International School, Baguio


Alma mater
Mount Holyoke College, Harvard Business School/Harvard Law School


Occupation
Founder, Chairwoman & CEO


Known for
Care.com, WomenUp.org


Awards
Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award


Sheila Lirio Marcelo (born 1970) is a Filipino-American entrepreneur. She is the Founder, Chairwoman and CEO of Care.com, the world’s largest online destination for finding and managing family care.[1]
She is a Henry Crown Fellow with the Aspen Institute (Class of 2012)[2] and was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2011.[3] Marcelo is the youngest recipient of the Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award (2014)[4] and received an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from her alma mater, Mount Holyoke College.[5]
Marcelo is an active Filipino-American philanthropist supporting Filipinos and Filipino-Americans and is on the Board of Trustees of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation[6]), a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.
Biography[edit]
Marcelo was born and raised in the Philippines, growing up in an entrepreneurial household that was involved in a number of businesses from coconut mills to mango and banana plantations to transportation and coal production.[7] Part of her early childhood was spent in Houston with her five siblings.[8] When Marcelo was 11, she attended Brent International School in Baguio.
She graduated magna cum laude from Mt. Holyoke College with a degree in Economics and received M.B.A. and J.D. degrees, with honors and the Dean’s Award from Harvard University.[9] It was during her undergraduate years at Mt. Holyoke that Marcelo had her first child, Ryan;[10] her second son, Adam, was born right after graduating from Harvard Business School.[11][12] While attending Harvard she also spent 30 hours a week on community activities, worked on several campus businesses and provided consulting services for the design of Harvard’s Spangler center.[13]
Prior to founding Care.com, she served as a consultant at Monitor Company,[14] Pyramid Research and Putnam, Hayes & Bartlett,[15] a teaching fellow at Harvard Business School,[16] Vice President of Product Management and Marketing at Upromise, an online service helping families save money for college, Vice President and General Manager of TheLadders.com, an online service helping people find jobs and entrepreneur-in-resident in the Bosto n office of Matrix Partners.[17]
She currently lives in Weston, Massachusetts with her husband and two sons.[18][19]
Founder of Care.com[edit]
Marcelo’s initial care challenge came after she had her first child, Ryan.[20] She was a college student and immigrant, and didn't have family nearby as a support system.[21] While helping care for her second baby boy, her father suffered a heart attack and she struggled to find care for him, as well as child care for her two sons.[22] Marcelo realized there was a need in the market to help families find care. She waited five years to launch a startup because she wanted to get more operational and managerial experience and make sure her family was ready.[23]
Care.com, founded in 2006, addresses the unique care needs that each family faces through every stage of their lives - helping them select child care, senior care, special needs care, tutoring, pet care, housekeeping and more. The site includes prescreened profiles, monitored messaging, access to background checks, recorded references and educational information on the interviewing process.[24]
The company went public January 24, 2014.[25] From its founding in 2006 through August 2012, Care.com had raised more than $111 million in venture capital from investors, including LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman.[26] Marcelo is one of the few female technology entrepreneurs to raise more than $35 million in venture capital funding.[27] Today the site has more than 17.8 million members, spanning 16 countries.[28]
Accomplishments[edit]

External video




 PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo


Marcelo has appeared on several prominent news shows including NBC’s Today Show, CBS’s The Early Show and ABC News Now and in media outlets such as Forbes, Bloomberg and CNBC.com.[29]
She was named one of the top 40 entrepreneurs under 40 years of age by the Boston Business Journal (2009),[30] one of the 10 most powerful women entrepreneurs by Fortune Magazine (2009),[31] one of the 10 most powerful women in Boston Tech by The Boston Globe,[32] to The Aspen Institute’s 2012 Class of Henry Crown Fellows,[33] a "Tech Luminary Innovation All-Star" by the Boston Business Journal (2012),[34] and one of The Boston Globe's 100 Innovators of 2013.[35] In 2010, she received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award.[36] In 2011, Marcelo was awarded a Marshall Memorial Fellowship and named as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum.[37] In 2013, she was inducted into the Academy of Women Achievers by the YMCA.[38]) In 2014, Marcelo received the prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award, "for her achievements as founder, chairwoman and CEO of Care.com". She is the second Filipino alum, after Jaime Zobel De Ayala,[39] to be honored with this award.[40][41] Also in 2014, she was bestowed one of the highest honors for Filipinos, the Filipino Heritage Award or Pamana ng Pilipino from President Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines for her "excellence and distinction in the pursuit of [her] work or profession."[42][43] In April 2015, Marcelo received an honorary doctorate in humane letters from Mt. Holyoke College.[44]
A frequent speaker on women in technology and female entrepreneurship and leadership, Marcelo has spoken alongside President Obama at the White House Summit on Working Families (2014),[45] with global political and business leaders at The World Economic Forum (2013, 2015),[46] and to emerging female leaders at Harvard University (2013)[47] and CEOs at Northeastern University (2013).[48]
Non-profit and advisory work[edit]
Marcelo is a Board Trustee of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation),[49] a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.[50] She was a finalist judge for Harvard Business School's annual business plan competition in 2012 and was an adviser to the school’s Arthur Rock Center for Entrepreneurship.[51] In 2012, she was a mentor to the winning team in Hack2Hatch, a competition for entrepreneurs in the Philippines.[52]
Marcelo also launched WomenUp.org, an organization that aims to increase women’s role in the global economy by providing leadership training, mentorship and support to girls and women through every stage of their lives and careers.[53] In the summer of 2013, WomenUp partnered with Care.com and The Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE) to run a two-week leadership camp for 7th and 8th grade girls.[54] WomenUp and Care.com also sponsored a business plan competition for female entrepreneurs in August 2013.[55] Women Up has also held female leadership training programs in the United States, Brazil, and the Philippines.[56]
Marcelo also co-founded Landit.com, a website dedicated to help women seeking to move their career forward.[57]
Interviews and speeches[edit]

Women Up: Sheila Lirio Marcelo, World Economic Forum, April 2013
Sheila Lirio Marcelo Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America, May 2015
PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo, June 2015
Speech at the National Partnership for Women & Families Annual Luncheon, June 2015
Speech at APEC SME Summit, November 2015.

Controversy over idea for Care.com[edit]
While working as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Venture capital firm Matrix Partners, Marcelo met with the founders of Sittercity.com and Sitters.com, two existing websites for finding caregivers, in order to discuss a potential investment and bringing Marcelo in as CEO.[58] Matrix Partners did not invest in either firm and months later Marcelo would found Care.com.
Mike Cravens, the founder of Sitters.com, has alleged that Marcelo "used that information to jump-start Care.com". Anne Raimondi, a spokesperson for Matrix, responded that: “We can appreciate that the companies in question do not like competition, but we do not believe that their claims of unfair treatment are at all merited because both Sheila and we said from the earliest discussions with these companies that we were considering competitive options and not to share any information with us that they were not comfortable sharing.” [59]
References[edit]



^ Susan Caminiti, "Online Marketplace Helps Million Find Family Care," CNBC.com, June 3, 2014
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ Emily Harrison Weir, "Honoree Marcelo a ‘connections entrepreneur’," Mount Holyoke College, May 5, 2015.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo biography, World Economic Forum.
^ Charlene Oldham, "Let's Be Clear," Success Magazine, October 8, 2012.
^ [1], Sheila's blog.
^ "Weston resident named Henry Crown Fellow," WickedLocal, April 2, 2012.
^ "8 Harvard Business School Women who Founded Great Startups," Top MBA Connect.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Allison Rubin, "Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts Honors Sheila Lirio Marcelo as a Leading Woman," WestonPatch, September 16, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ Zach Davis, "13 Questions with Care.com CEO Sheila Marcelo," Tech Cocktail, August 17, 2012.
^ [2], Interview with Sheila.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Jana Kasperkevic, "Care.com's Founder Waited Five Years to Launch," Inc. Magazine, July 9, 2013.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ Jordan Graham, "Experts: Care.com IPO shows Boston’s Web savvy," Boston Herald, January 24, 2014.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ "The Moms who are Changing the World," Babble.com.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sets IPO share range at $14-$16; could raise up to $86M," Boston Business Journal, January 10, 2014.
^ Lisa Kassenaar, "Who Profits? Care.com Finds Sitters for Baby or Dad," Bloomberg, December 8, 2014.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ "Most Powerful Women Entrepreneurs: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Fortune Magazine, December 18, 2009.
^ Scott Kirsner, "The 10 most powerful women in Boston tech (plus 5 up-and-comers)," Boston Globe, February 8, 2012.
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Tech Luminary: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, November 16, 2012.
^ Cindy Atoji Keene, "Top innovators in Massachusetts," Boston Globe, May 19, 2013.
^ "Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2010 award winners in New England announced," Ernst & Young web site.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ Mark Shanahan and Meredith Goldstein, "Civil rights trailblazer Glendora Putnam honored," Boston Globe, June 30, 2013.
^ Jaime Zobel de Ayala, Wikipedia.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ "Filipina one of Harvard Business School’s outstanding alumni," Inquirer, August 28, 2014.
^ "Sheila Marcelo receives 'Pamana ng Pilipino' award," ABS CBN, December 5, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014
^ "Rundown of commencements at Mass. universities," Boston Globe, April 24, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo Biography, Mount Holyoke College.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Philippine Development Foundation, Commission on Filipinos Overseas.
^ Patricia Resende, "Mass. groups emphasize international collaboration with new programs," Boston Business Journal, April 22, 2013.
^ Kate Abbott, “How I Got Here: Care.com's Sheila Marcelo,” Bloomberg Businessweek, September 4, 2012.
^ "Web app startup ‘Orchestrack’ wins 1st Hack2Hatch," The Philippine Star, November 5, 2012.
^ Susan Johnston, "Care.com’s Sheila Marcelo on Building a Successful Consumer Website," VentureFizz, July 30, 2012.
^ 53. "Girl Empower: The NFTE Summer BizCamp Experience," Wellesley Patch, May 16, 2013.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sponsors biz plan contest for female entrepreneurs," Boston Business Journal, August 12, 2013.
^ “Our Mission,” WomenUp.org
^ LandIt, LandIt.com.
^ "Websites’ rivalry provides lesson about sharing strategy". Boston.com. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Scott Kirsner, "The Backstory: On Care.com, Sittercity, Entrepreneurs, and Entrepreneurs-in-Residence," Boston.com, November 23, 2009.







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sheila_Lirio_Marcelo&oldid=786901903"					
Categories: American businesspeopleHarvard Business School alumniHidden categories: Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using ethnicityArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 08:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 















Sheila Lirio Marcelo | MAKERS


























































            Join the Conversation
        

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn


Podcast
Newsletter
App




Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn

Podcast
Newsletter
App

MAKERS
Break every ceiling.















MAKERS Profile
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Founder & CEO, Care.com














Share: 

Share on Facebook


Share on Twitter


Email to a Friend




In this video

Tagged as

Business


            Sheila Lirio Marcelo talks about her early childhood in the Philippines, her college years when she became pregnant, and how she balanced her developing career with family.
            






              Sheila Marcelo was born and raised in the Philippines, although her family relocated to the United States in 1977. While she was an undergraduate student at Mount Holyoke College, she met her husband and became pregnant during her sophmore year. Marcelo balanced earning her MBA and JD degrees at Harvard University while raising her two young boys.
 
Her passion for technology grew during her career and was fueled by her belief that it can help solve real problems. When she entered the workforce, she joined Upromise, a company that helped families save for college, where she served as VP of Product Management and Marketing. Eventually, during her role as an Entrepreneur in Residence at Matrix Partners, she began to develop Care.com.
 
Marcelo’s company was among one of the first Internet companies that’s both female founded and funded. Today, Care.com is the world’s largest online resource for finding and managing family care, and has millions of members across 16 countries. Among her many accolades for her work, she received one of the highest honors for Filipinos, the Filipino Heritage Award, from President Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines. In 2010, she founded WomenUp.org to increase women’s roles in the global economy by providing leadership training, mentorship and support to girls and women. 
            



















Related Videos 


Alexis Maybank & Alexandra Wilkis Wilson Gilt Groupe
Retail Entrepreneurs
Long time friends Alexis Maybank and Alexandra Wilkis Wilson are two of the foun...


 


Majora Carter
Community Developer
Majora Carter became pa ionate about community development while completing her...


 


Martha Stewart
Lifestyle Mogul
Personal reinvention and astounding busine  succe ? Definitely “a good thing.” T...


 


Anne Wojcicki
Co-Founder & CEO, 23andMe
With a hope to empower consumers with acce  to their own genetic information and...



















Sheila Lirio Marcelo: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 10:11 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Care.com, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Sheila Lirio Marcelo  Founder, Chairwoman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Care.com, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships47$2,561,813As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Sheila Lirio Marcelo founded Care.com, Inc. in 2006 and has been its Chairwoman of the Board since October 2011, Chief Executive Officer since October 2006 and President since October 2006. Ms. Marcelo serves as the President of CZen Inc. She served as Vice President and General Manager of Theladders.com, Inc. since May 2005. She served as an Advisor of Jack Cards, Inc and CoachUp, Inc. She joined TheLadders.com from Upromise, Inc., where she served as Vice President ... of Marketing, Product Management and Content Management. With Upromise since its inception, she managed the website user experience, spearheaded member marketing and the integration of Upromise partners, including the development of custom technology platforms for many Fortune 50 companies, such as AT&T, General Motors, Exxon Mobil and Citi. She was an Entrepreneur in Residence at Matrix Partners. She served as a Consultant with Monitor Company, as well as Pyramid Research and Putnam, Hayes & Bartlett. She has been a Director at Care.com, Inc. since October 2006. She has been a Trustee at The Children's Hospital Corporation since May 09, 2017. She serves as a Member of Advisory Board at gatheredtable, LLC. She serves as Member of Massachusetts Competitive Partnership. She is a Board Trustee of the Philippine Development Foundation, a judge for Harvard Business School's annual Business Plan Competition, an advisor for the Harvard Business School Rock 100 Entrepreneurs Summit and an advisor to several start-up companies. She is a frequent speaker on female entrepreneurship, women in technology and female leadership. As Care.com has evolved, she has been honored by the media with numerous accolades. She was a Graduate Teaching Fellow for the Harvard Business School and a recipient of the Dean's Award for overall leadership and of the Fitzie Foundation Award, which honors the most outstanding female student. Ms. Marcelo received Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award, was inducted into Babson College's Academy of Distinguished Entrepreneurs and was bestowed the Filipino Heritage Award. She is a Henry Crown Fellow (Aspen Institute, Class of 2012), was awarded a Marshall Memorial Fellowship (2011) and was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum (2011). She received a combined Juries Doctor and an MBA from Harvard University. Ms. Marcelo graduated magna cum laude from Mount Holyoke College, where she earned a Bachelor's degree in Economics and International Relations.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
77 Fourth AvenueWaltham, Massachusetts 02451United StatesPhone: 781-642-5900Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2006-PresentFounder, Chairwoman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentCare.com, Inc.2017-PresentTrusteeThe Children's Hospital Corporation
Education
JD 1999Harvard UniversityMBA 1998Harvard UniversityBachelor's Degree Mount Holyoke College
Other Affiliations
Upromise, Inc.Harvard UniversityMount Holyoke CollegeTheLadders.com, Inc.The Children's Hospital CorporationJack Cards, Inc.CoachUp, Inc.gatheredtable, LLC


Annual Compensation
Salary$397,577Total Annual Compensation$397,577
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$1,157,988All Other Compensation$500Exercisable Options$1,245,438Unexercisable Options$287,157Total Number of Options$1,532,595
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$653,827Total Short Term Compensation$397,577Other Long Term Compensation$1,158,488Total Calculated Compensation$2,561,813




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationStephen T. Winn Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentRealPage, Inc.$541.7KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Care.com, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























EntrepreneurWiki: Sheila Lirio Marcelo

































Trending Topics

Colin Christopher Campbell
Richa Kar
Adrienne Cornelsen
Brian Chesky
Jeffrey Sass

Read More...


Books

Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End
by Atul Gawande
| Buy

Read More...


Quotes

"Live every day like it’s your last.
"
Unknown

Read More...











Personal tools

Create account
Log in










Sign in with
Search


   


Create A New Listing




Our Sponsors:










Become a Sponsor



Follow Us On...

Facebook
Twitter

Google+
Youtube





E.Wiki Rank

98%


Steve Jobs
E.Wiki Articles


Curabitur odio nunc, auctor in commodo vel, tempor in ligula.
Suspendisse non massa nec diam tincidunt ultrices at sit amet nisi.
Etiam elementum elit ac nisi faucibus eget aliquam justo euismod.


External Links


webpages
blogs
published articles


Rank this Page:



Article Info:
31 Authors | 92 Revisions
Last Update: 12/12/2012


Print
Email
Watch
Embed




NEWS FEED

More News...









Home
Entrepreneurs
Education
About
Sponsors







Namespaces

Page
Discussion







Variants








Views

View
View source
History





Actions












Sheila Lirio Marcelo





From EntrepreneurWiki



						Jump to:						navigation, 						search



 





Video
Image


Contents

1 Sheila Lirio Marcelo's Social Links
2 Profile
3 Companies and Investments
4 Lessons Learned
5 Inspiring Quotes
6 Sheila Lirio Marcelo's Quotes
7 Influential Books
8 Mentors
9 References
10 Technical


Sheila Lirio Marcelo's Social Links
Profile
Sheila's inspiration to found Care.com stemmed from both her personal and professional experiences. A young mother with two small children who also became part of the "sandwich generation" caring for her parents at an early age, Sheila was challenged to find quality care solutions. She knew this problem was not unique to her family and that there had to be a better solution than the yellow pages. Her career firmly rooted in technology, she knew that was the answer and founded Care.com in 2006. Today, the company is the world’s largest online destination for finding and managing family care, with more than 11.8 million members across 16 countries.
Sheila's passion for technology developed during her time as a management consultant and a teaching fellow at Harvard Business School. Her growing appreciation for the power of technology to help solve real problems for people led her to Upromise, where she was VP of Product Management and Marketing for the service that helped families save for college, and then to executive search engine TheLadders.com, where she was VP and General Manager. Following TheLadders.com, she was an Entrepreneur in Residence at Matrix Partners where she developed the plan for Care.com.
As Care.com has grown and scaled, Sheila has been honored with numerous accolades, including one of the "Top 10 Women Entrepreneurs" (Fortune's Most Powerful Women Summit, 2009), "Entrepreneur of the Year Award for New England" (Ernst & Young, 2010), one of the "100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs" (Goldman Sachs' Builders and Innovators Summit, 2012), “The Pinnacle Award for Achievement in Entrepreneurship” (Boston Chamber of Commerce, 2014) and “Entrepreneur of the Year” (New England Venture Capital Association, 2014).
Sheila is also a Henry Crown Fellow with the Aspen Institute (Class of 2012), was awarded a Marshall Memorial Fellowship (2011), and named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum (Class of 2011).
Sheila is a Board Trustee of the Philippine Development Foundation, a non-profit organization that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives. In addition, she sits on the Advisory Board for the Harvard Business School Rock 100 Entrepreneurs Summit, and is an advisor to several start-up companies around the country.
Sheila founded WomenUp.org in 2012 to increase women's roles in the global economy by providing leadership training, mentorship and support to girls and women through every stage of their lives and careers. A frequent speaker on women in technology and female entrepreneurship and leadership, Sheila has spoken alongside President Obama at the White House Summit on Working Families (2014), with global political and business leaders at The World Economic Forum (2013), and to emerging female leaders at Harvard University (2013) and Northeastern University (2013).
Sheila graduated magna cum laude from Mount Holyoke College with a degree in Economics and received her M.B.A. and J.D. degrees and the Dean's Award from Harvard University.

Companies and Investments
Care.com (founder and CEO), Upromise (VP of Product Management), TheLadders.com (VP and General Manager)

Lessons Learned
On personality traits to succeed as a CEO
Risk-taking, putting your vision out there, and a passion for execution and not minding heavy-lifting. You also have to have a balance of confidence and humility. Entrepreneurship is really hard, and you have to embrace failures. You test, you iterate, you fail, and you learn from it and get back up and keep doing that.
On women running companies
I don’t spend a lot of time thinking about the statistics, though I certainly believe there should be more women-led companies. In some way, I hope that I’ve been helpful in encouraging investors to see that female-led companies can scale. And more importantly, I think that companies like Care.com that provide solutions to help women can be powerful business models. We’re helping empower women and also help improve female participation in the workplace by providing care options around the world.

Inspiring Quotes

“
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
”




—Jordan Rubin




“
The chance to become rich and famous with a startup is no longer just an American dream
”




—Devin Drumheller




“
When juggling, determine which balls are crystal and which are rubber!
”




—Antonio Rodriguez (Matrix)




“
We are the ones weve been waiting for.
”




—Megan Smith (Google)




“
Once youve become an entrepreneur, theres no turning back.
”




—Eric Jackson (former Paypal VP)



Sheila Lirio Marcelo's Quotes

“
To lead, you’ve got to get through your own stuff [first] so that you can focus on others.
”




—[[:Category:To lead, you’ve got to get through your own stuff [first] so that you can focus on others.|Sheila Lirio Marcelo]]




“
I had to be self-aware about what was important to me.
”




—Sheila Lirio Marcelo




“
People see what they want to see, and what they are programmed to see.
”




—Sheila Lirio Marcelo




“
Say that youre a female leader.  Raise your hand high, so that more women can see that.
”




—Sheila Lirio Marcelo




“
Own the differences and then they are absolutely strengths.
”




—Sheila Lirio Marcelo




[[Category:To lead, you’ve got to get through your own stuff [first] so that you can focus on others.|To lead, you’ve got to get through your own stuff [first] so that you can focus on others.]]

Influential Books
Alexis Maybank - By Invitation Only: How We Built Gilt and Changed the Way Millions Shop
Ash Maurya - Running Lean: Iterate from Plan A to a Plan That Works (Lean (O'Reilly))

Mentors
Lesley Chuang, Maria Ressa, Christina Kerwick, Shashi Bellamkonda, Elisa Choi

References


Technical
0.00




 


					Retrieved from "http://entrepreneur.wiki/index.php?title=Sheila_Lirio_Marcelo&oldid=117957"					


Categories: If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.The chance to become rich and famous with a startup is no longer just an American dreamWhen juggling, determine which balls are crystal and which are rubber!We are the ones weve been waiting for.Once youve become an entrepreneur, theres no turning back.I had to be self-aware about what was important to me.People see what they want to see, and what they are programmed to see.Say that youre a female leader. Raise your hand high, so that more women can see that.Own the differences and then they are absolutely strengths.Alexis Maybank - By Invitation Only: How We Built Gilt and Changed the Way Millions ShopAsh Maurya - Running Lean: Iterate from Plan A to a Plan That Works (Lean (O'Reilly))EntrepreneurShowInCaroucel 






















Are You An Established Entrepreneur?
Qualify for a listing


Are You An Aspiring Entrepreneur?
Become a member






Main Navigation




Entrepreneurs
Education
About
Sponsors






Books
Quotes
Latest Listing / Changes








EntrepreneurWiki © 2013






Other Information

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimers












 This page was last modified on 27 October 2014, at 18:03.
This page has been accessed 739 times.


Privacy policy
About EntrepreneurWiki
Disclaimers










 





Care.com's (CRCM) CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Care.com's (CRCM) CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 3.17 | About: Care.com, Inc. (CRCM) Care.com, Inc. (NYSE:CRCM)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 3, 2017 08:00 AM ET
Executives
Denise Garcia - Investor Relations
Sheila Lirio Marcelo - Founder, Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer
Michael Echenberg - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Jason Kreyer - Craig-Hallum Capital Markets
Darren Aftahi - Roth Capital Partners
Kerry Rice - Needham
Blake Harper - Loop Capital
Operator
Greetings and welcome to the Care.com First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Denise Garcia, Investor Relations for Care.com. Thank you. You may begin.
Denise Garcia
Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Care.com’s financial results call for the first quarter ended April 1, 2017. During the course of this conference call, we will discuss our business outlook and make other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
These may include, among other things, projected financial results or operating metrics, anticipated business and marketing investments and strategies and expected results of those investments and strategies, anticipated future products or services, anticipated market demand or opportunities for our products and services and other forward-looking topics.
Such statements are only predictions based on management’s current expectations. Actual results or events could differ materially from those predictions due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in the press release we issued today, as well as those more fully described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date.
While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our views change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today.
We will also be referring to non-GAAP measures on this call, including adjusted EBITDA, which we refer to as EBITDA throughout this presentation. This measure represents pretax net income or loss less continuing operations, excluding the accretion of preferred stock dividends, less depreciation and amortization, as well as certain other unusual expenses and non-cash adjustments such as stock-based comp, M&A and restructuring costs. We also refer to non-GAAP EPS, which represents net income or loss less certain unusual or non-cash expenses such as stock-based comp, M&A and restructuring costs. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the tables in the press release and Form 10-Q filed today.
We will also be referring to profitability on this call. When we refer to profitability, we’re referring to it on an adjusted EBITDA basis unless otherwise noted. Today’s call is available via webcast and a telephone replay will be available for two weeks following the conclusion of the call. To access the press release, supplemental and financial information or the webcast replay, please consult the IR section of Care.com.
With that, let me turn the call over to Sheila Lirio Marcelo, Founder, Chairwoman and CEO of Care.com.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Thank you, Denise. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us. On today’s call, I’ll walk you through our financial highlights for the first quarter, and then I will provide an update on our core businesses. Michael will then follow with more detail on our financial performance in the first quarter and provide guidance for Q2 and the full year. Then we will open the call up to your questions.

We are off to a strong start in 2017 with first quarter revenue and EBITDA ahead of our expectations, healthy cash generation and solid gains in membership. Thus we are raising our guidance for the year on revenue, EBITDA and ending cash. 
For the first quarter, total revenue was $43.4 million, exceeding our guidance and growing 10% versus the first quarter of 2016. Q1 EBITDA of $3.1 million also exceeded our guidance driven by flow through from the revenue and the timing of certain expenses as Michael will describe later.
The first quarter marks our sixth straight quarter of profitable growth and as our Q1 results indicate we are making progress toward our long-term EBITDA margin target of 20% to 25%. During the quarter, we continued to achieve leverage across all areas of our business while focusing on initiatives that drive long-term growth.
I will now review our first quarter activities across our core businesses and initiatives starting with Care@Work. As we noted last quarter, we continue to scale the Care@Work business, which as a reminder is our enterprise focused B2B offering. We are confident in our ability to do this as we continue to garner high revenue renewal rates of 100% plus and increase both the breadth and depth of our service across multiple industries.
Renewing clients in Q1 included Akamai Technologies, Under Armor and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. New clients included Procter and Gamble, Boston Scientific and Swiss Re. Our net promoter score for our Care@Work backup care offering remained high at 71% in Q1 of 2017. This was driven by our innovative mobile product experience along with our HR dashboard and the support of our customer service team. As such, we remain focused on our goal of driving accelerated bookings growth in 2017 and increased revenue growth in 2018. We saw bookings growth of 46% in Q1 versus Q1 2016 and continue to expect it to be north of 70% for the full year. Care@Work revenue growth in Q1 was 38% versus prior. 
Moving onto our US consumer business. We saw Q1 revenue of $35.2 million, up 10% versus the first quarter of 2016, which exceeded our expectation. The key contributor was faster than expected growth versus prior in paying family as well as ARPU growth, which Michael will describe later. As of the end of Q1, paying families were up 6.6% versus prior, an improvement of over four percentage points relative to year-end 2016 and exceeded our guidance by 2.6 percentage points. This was driven by our investments in organic growth and longer-term package testing combined with our progress in mobile optimization. Our priority in 2017 is to continue with our testing and learning to further strengthen our subscription offering for the long-term.
Now moving into sales and marketing, which we continue to leverage as we focus on unpaid organic traffic growth and ongoing optimization of our pay channels. As a percentage of revenue, sales and marketing was 44% in Q1, a 6 percentage point decrease versus the first quarter of 2016. One of the key contributors to further sales and marketing leverage is the increase in overall organic traffic driven by our ongoing investments in community and content.
In Q1, we saw 58% year-over-year growth in organic search traffic, which combines low intent and high intent traffic. In addition, we continued to optimize across all paid channels with ongoing efficiency gains in TV and S&M, and learnings from 2016 helped to spend more efficiently in certain test channels, including Hulu, Pinterest and YouTube. We expect to see additional moderate gains in S&M leverage in 2017 relative to 2016, thereby further improving the overall profitability of our business, which Michael will discuss later.
With the progress we have seen in our efforts in organic growth, package testing and mobile optimization, we are investing more in our product experience. Over the past nine months we have been developing plans for what we are calling CARE 3.0, an entirely new end to end mobile first experience that focuses not only on improving our matching experience, but also in providing services to our members beyond the match or what we referred to in the past as the pre-match and post-match experiences.

In Q2, we are focused on updating the interactive design of our mobile products to make them easier to use as well as improving our matching algorithm and messaging platform, and in the second half of this year we plan to geographically test new family and provide mobile experiences in childcare. With these initiates we are excited not only about the longer-term opportunity to continue to grow the top of our funnel and member conversion, but also about extending member LTV. Given the ongoing testing that we have planned, we anticipate limited incremental paying families growth for the remainder of the year.
Touching briefly now on the HomePay part of our US consumer business. We saw paying families increase from 19,000 at the end of 2016 to 22,000 at the end of Q1 on the back of a strong tax season. As a reminder, last quarter we announced collaboration with Intuit to migrate its subscribers to HomePay as it wound down its household payroll and tax service. The migration is largely complete now with some final signing and onboarding of clients expected in Q2.
In summary, we are off to a strong start to the year as we continue to focus on initiatives that drive long-term sustainable growth. We are excited about our future and are on track with our expectations to expand our margin in 2017 and continue to grow profitably, driving towards our long term EBITDA margin target of 20% to 25%, which we believe will increase shareholder value while we further strengthen what is today the largest two-sided network for finding and managing family care in the home.
In addition, we have the highest unaided brand awareness among families seeking childcare health at 8x our nearest competitor. This clear market leadership position gives us a significant advantage as we go after the 46 million households in our addressable market in the US alone.
Now I’ll turn the call over to Michael before we open it up to questions.
Michael Echenberg
Thank you, Sheila. I’ll now provide more color on our results, starting with revenue, which was $43.4 million in the first quarter, an increase of 10% versus Q1 2016 revenue of $39.3 million, and which exceeded the high end of our guidance range. The US consumer business grew 10% versus prior to $35.2 million for the quarter compared to $32.1 million in the first quarter of last year.
Within that, US matching increased 7% from $25.4 million in Q1 of 2016 to $27.2 million this year. As Sheila noted we benefited from faster than expected growth in paying families. While we found some winners in Q1 in mobile enrollment and organic, and thereby exceeded our guidance for paying families growth, our plan is to continue to [Indiscernible] traffic to test iteratively as Sheila laid out. This maps to our current expectation that paying families growth will remain in the high single digits for the remainder of this year.
Payments revenue increased 19% versus prior from 6.8 million in Q1 of 2016 to 8 million in this quarter helped by a strong tax season and by the new Intuit customers that migrated over in the back half of last year. ARPU growth also contributed in the quarter. It grew 4% versus prior to $41.45 from $39.75 in Q1 of 2016. While this helped Q1 we continue to expect ARPU for the full year to be roughly flat to last year given two offsetting dynamics, which we described; value-added services like background checks push ARPU up, while an ongoing mix shift to longer-term packages pushes ARPU down. As we have discussed, this mix shift adds to retention and thereby increases LTV.
Our other businesses, which include international, Care@Work and marketplace grew 14% to $8.2 million for the quarter, compared to $7.2 million in the same period last year. Care@Work continues as a source of strength with revenue growth versus prior at 38% and bookings growth versus prior at 46%. As a reminder, as Care@Work continues to grow quickly there is a lumpiness to its trajectory common to businesses at its stage.

Now, onto EBITDA. Q1 marked our sixth consecutive quarter of EBITDA profitability, and we remain committed to driving shareholder value through sustained profitable growth. For Q1, EBITDA was $3.1 million and margin increased by about 3 percentage points to 7% versus the prior year quarter. Note that the [EBITDA] be it relative to our guidance was driven mainly by flow-through from the [revenue] and by expense timing changes with ongoing cost management efforts also playing a role.
Net income attributable to common stockholders for the first quarter was $0.3 million as compared to $6.8 million in Q1 of 2016. As a reminder, we are cycling here against the benefit of the Citrus Lane settlement in Q1 of 2016. 
Before I discuss EPS, I will provide color on our continued cost discipline. First, sales and marketing; in the quarter we reduced sales and marketing as a percent of revenue by 6 percentage points: from 50% in Q1 2016 to 44% in Q1 2017. We also increased leverage on the G&A line. As a percent of revenue, G&A fell about one percentage point versus prior to 19%. R&D increased year-over-year as we continue to invest in innovation of the core childcare consumer experience, notably through CARE 3.0 as Sheila described.
Q1 gross margin was 80%, down about 180 basis points from Q1 of 2016. The primary driver was faster growth relative to the rest of the company in Care@Work. Care@Work gross margin is structurally lower than overall Care.com’s. That said we’re starting to see margin benefit here from higher prices and the operational improvements we’re making to drive down Care@Work variable unit costs. The other factor affecting total company gross margin in Q1 was the 30% fee that goes to Apple for subscriptions purchased through the iOS app. As a reminder, we turned on in app conversion in Q1 of 2016. As a general matter, while we expect to continue to evolve our business model beyond the matching subscription fees we charge families; we will remain thoughtful in managing our cost structure to limit the impact on gross margin. As an example, we’re leveraging technology to streamline the vetting of jobs and profiles.
Moving now to EPS. For the quarter, GAAP EPS from continuing operations was positive $0.01, up from negative $0.03 in the first quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP EPS was positive $0.07 as compared to our guidance of $0.02 to $0.03. This performance relative to guidance was driven primarily by flow through from EBITDA. 
Regarding cash and short-term investments, we ended the quarter with a balance of $81.3 million, up from $76.1 million at the end of Q4 2016. This healthy increase came mainly from the $3.1 million of EBITDA with changes in working capital and stock option exercises making up the rest. 
Turning now to guidance, starting with revenue. We are raising full year 2017 revenue guidance to $171 million to $173 million, with growth at the mid-point of 8% versus 2016 apples to apples that is excluding 2016’s 53rd week. For the second quarter, we are guiding revenue to $41 million to $41.5 million.
Now EBITDA, we’re raising full year adjusted EBITDA guidance to $19.5 million to $21.5 million. Given the increase in guidance in both the top and bottom lines, full year EBITDA margin at that midpoint remains unchanged at 12%, up from 8% in 2016. The midpoint represents full year EBITDA growth of 63% versus 2016 apples to apples. We expect to continue on our trajectory of sustained profitability and expanding EBITDA margins as we focus investment dollars on core initiatives and manage the pace of expenses everywhere else. With respect to the shape of the year on EBITDA, we’re expecting lower margins earlier in the year given typical seasonality and the timing of the product investments that we have discussed. For Q2, we’re guiding to $1.25 million to $1.75 million. Note that the shape of Q2 versus Q1 is driven in large part by the change in timing of certain expenses.

Note also that the benefit to Q1 of our ongoing cost management efforts affords us the opportunity to invest a little more in the critical long-term growth initiatives that Sheila described as the year progresses.
For full year non-GAAP EPS, we’re guiding to $0.35 to $0.38, up $0.02 at each end versus our previous guidance. This is based on an expectation of a bit more than 37 million weighted-average diluted shares outstanding for the year consistent with the increase in full year EBITDA guidance. For the second quarter, we’re guiding to non-GAAP EPS of between $0.01 and $0.02 with an expectation of about 37 million weighted-average diluted shares outstanding.
Now briefly on FX. For the balance of 2017, we’re expecting the euro to average $1.06 and the pound to average $1.23. 5% in either direction for both represents about $0.5 million of revenue, $100,000 of adjusted EBITDA, and roughly $0.02 of non-GAAP EPS. As a reminder, the non-GAAP EPS sensitivity here includes the impact of re-valuing balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. 
Finally onto cash, we are raising our expectation for cash and short-term investments at the end of 2017 to $97 million. This represents an increase of about $21 million relative to the $76 million at the end of 2016.
Now to wrap up before opening up to questions; we are off to a solid start to the year with a focus on strategic initiatives to drive long-term profitable growth. We remain focused on these initiatives, including developing the next generation Care.com consumer offering to capture evermore of our large market opportunity. We are entering Q2 with momentum as we close with better than expected Q1.
With that, I’ll open the call to your questions. Operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Jason Kreyer of Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead.
Jason Kreyer
Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Wondering if you can give any updates on the transactional business, I know you had that in geographic beta testing in Q1, and then just wondering if you have any thoughts coming out of that and then also if you are wrapping that into this CARE 3.0 roll out or if that will be maintained separately?
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Jason, you are absolutely right that as we have discussed in our prepared remarks we have been very focused on the development of CARE 3.0, and that [Indiscernible] mobile experience that includes both the prematch and post match experiences of which transaction is to be a complete component of that.
Jason Kreyer
Okay. On the different tools that you rolled out last year for caregiver monetization, and I know you gave some color on the benefits from the tax season and the benefits from the Intuit integration there, but just wondering if there is anything you can point to following the benefits enrollment and the tax season ending on what you saw from utilization across caregivers?
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
It continues to be positive. We continue to invest in overall provider experience and continuing to do that especially in the second half, and we are happy to share more as we gain more learnings around those investments.
Jason Kreyer
Okay. Last one from me, Michael you referenced expense timing changes, is that all related to the rollout of CARE 3.0 or is there something else baked into that?
Michael Echenberg
Certainly CARE 3.0 is an element of it. As you think about the boundary between Q1 and Q2, there are lots of expenses that line up snug against that boundary, and there were places where the right decision for the business was for those dollars to come in Q2 rather than Q1. And so it is CARE 3.0, but other expenses as well.
Jason Kreyer
Okay, thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Darren Aftahi of Roth Capital Partners. Please go ahead.

Darren Aftahi
Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. There is two if I may, can you talk – give us kind of an update on performance with your enterprise sales team, and just given kind of your cash balance continues to grow, is there any plans for incremental investment there or other places, and then just the effectiveness on your pay channels sort of TV versus other, it sounds like you are definitely skewing towards SEM but also some social channels, any update there will be helpful. Thanks.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Hi Darren. Let me start with the pay channel question, yes, we are continuing to see optimization that we are doing on TV and SEM. So we are funneling more dollars to scale other digital channels like Pinterest, YouTube and Hulu, which we have shared in our prepared remarks. And so continuing to constantly focus on our 3x ROI around our pay channels.
Now let me turn it over to Michael on the Care@Work question.
Michael Echenberg
Now, with respect to Care@Work as we have described, part of the story over the course of the last 12 to 18 months was adding new salespeople going from the mid single digits to the very low, call it double digits of salespeople. And so over the course of this year, we are seeing the new salespeople ramp, and that is really at the heart of the dynamic, whereby you are seeing faster growth rate now in bookings than in revenue.
Typically a new enterprise sales person takes about nine months to ramp, and we are not seeing anything different so far from this latest crop. And then related to your other question with respect to cash, yes, we’re very pleased with the cash generation of the business and it does afford us flexibility as we look ahead. We don’t have any specific plans to share, we’re focused laser like on our product development road map right now.
Darren Aftahi
Just lastly, a follow-up on your Salesforce commentary. Have sales cycle sort of conversation towards relative to booking, has that shortened maybe in the last six to nine months?
Michael Echenberg
If what to say, it’s shortened especially. The overwhelming dynamic right now is it gets the fastest growing part of our business and with the addition of new sales people you see some daylight between bookings growth and revenue growth. But with respect to the dynamics around any one deal I’d say the characteristics remain broadly the same.
Darren Aftahi
Great, thanks.
Operator
The next question comes from Doug Anmuth of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst
Hi, this is Neerav John for Doug. So, just wanted to touch base on the B2B and international business. It looks like the growth has moderated a bit this quarter. Could you give any color your annual this be like the growth levels to expect in the future?
Michael Echenberg
I would say with respect to the growth of those business. I’ve just been characterizing Care@Work. I guess I would want just for reference in addition to the substantive point around the ramping business and the relationship between bookings growth and revenue growth. I would just remind folks that when you look at Q1 versus Q4, it’s important to take into account that Q4 had an extra week given the 53 weeks of 2016. And so, when you look at the delta versus prior certain business units, in particular in Q1 versus Q4, you see that dynamic at work.
And so, with respect to Care@Work, I feel like that question is answered. With respect to international, the international consumer business is subject to a lot of the same dynamics as the US consumer business and as Sheila has describe, we take advantage of the portfolio of markets that we have to test and learn and port winners across national boundaries and we expect to continue to do that as been move forward.
Unidentified Analyst

Sure, thanks.
Operator
The next question is from Kerry Rice of Needham. Please go ahead.
Kerry Rice
Thanks a lot. Nice quarter, guys. My first question is on around mobile, particularly around the matching business. I think that you mentioned that mobile enrolment was better than expected that helped push up the number of paying families. Can you talk a little bit about 1) maybe how much of the traffic is mobile today? 2) I know in the past the monetization on mobile has been below what you have historically seen on desktop. Can you maybe update us on that?
And then one final question for Michael. Sales and marketing came down about 6%, you highlighted I think it’s about 44% for the quarter. Where do we think that I don’t remember what your long-term goal was or if you disclose that, but any color on where do you think that ultimately had as to say a 25% kind of yes in sales and marketing business or any color there would be great.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Thanks, Kerry. Good morning. On the mobile enrolment question first. When mobile gave about 70% of our traffic and continues to increase and we are really doubling down as part of Q3 data of investing have been more around the mobile first experience and the end and specifically at focus on childcare for at the second half of this year. And we have seen in Q1 and even with the testing that we did last year, improvements in the mobile enrollment flow as well as organic growth, and that includes up of no one getting a high intent.
But as organic continues to grow in our efforts there around low intent traffic, we’re constantly having just to improve at mobile. And at the same time we are planning to take some of our traffic in the second half and do geographical testing to find other winners at specifically as we are redesign and reimagine the experience. That we that’s part of the reason we believe beyond the 6.6% and the period 10 family, we’re thinking about percentage, 1% or 2% points for the year in terms of our expectation as we continue focus on the long-term of the right product that we need to build for our members.
Turning over out to Michael on sales and marketing.
Michael Echenberg
Yes. Just to pick up briefly on what Sheila just said. So, when she refers to 1% or 2% points, what we have in mind is that being up plus 6.6% or plus 7% versus prior in paying families with the end of Q1, that’s the metric that we expect to remain in the high-single digits across the rest of the year. With respect to sales and marketing leverage, I would say yes, obviously that has been an important feature of the gains that we’ve been making and EBITDA margin.
With respect to 2017 as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we would expect for the full-year there’d be some benefit, some of that gain from 8% margins at 2016 to 12% at the midpoint of the guidance in 2017 is the function of leverage gains on the sales and marketing lines. With respect to 2017, I will point out that some of what we refer to as the investment dollars related to Care3.0 happen to hit the sales and marketing line. And so that is in there having an influence relative to what leverage might otherwise be.
When we think about the shape of the P&L beyond 2017, we obviously haven’t provided guidance beyond 2017 nor do we plan to in the near term. We have said that our long-term target range for EBITDA margin is 20% to 25%. We have said that we expect sales and marketing leverage to play a role in helping us to get there and that maps to the long-term plans that Sheila has described around the impact of organic, the impact of generally of product improvements that will help us in large at the top of the funnel and improve conversion.
And so, without giving you a specific long-term sales and marketing as a percent of revenue figure, I think that helps you as in color.

Kerry Rice
Thank you.
Operator
The next question is from of Blake Harper of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Blake Harper
Hi, good morning. I had a question about Care@Work and want to understand what it was driving more of the revenue there. Was it some of the some better signups, so on a per employ basis or was it some more of the kind of engagement with the assistance search product on that you have. I just was trying to understand if more of it was some higher signups or more kind of engagement from your health service?
Denise Garcia
Yes. We haven’t at this stage gone sort of deeply granular with respect to all of the drivers in that business. I’ll say parenthetically that is we move forward, we expect to begin to provide more color. I will see that generally the drivers altogether are looking good. So, the growth is in part of function of signing up new clients, it’s in part of function of renewals that often come with a broadening and deepening of the relationship.
Broadening meaning more services and deepening meaning more pools of employees. And then, with respect to sort of price realization within a client that appears to be moving in a good direction as well.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
And Blake, a couple of things to add there. As we shared in the prepared remarks, that’s also driven, I mean, it’s driving the 100% revenue renewal rates. High 71% net promoter store and it just continues to be a good employee experience that we’re very focused on and that involves the tools that we’ve launched over the past year as well as good customer service in servicing our employees.
Blake Harper
Okay, thanks.
Operator
The next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst
Hey, thanks for taking the question, this is Ryan Goodman. Question on mobile and the Apple fee again. You had mentioned that 70% of traffic right now is coming from mobile. I’m not sure what data you can give. But is there any color you can give on the actual revenue exposure right now to mobile or just overall exposure to what’s going to the Apple fee right now. And is that primarily just consumer matching or is there any of the other segments.
And then is Care3.0 comes on later in the year. Does that mean the transaction based business is also going to be exposed to the Apple fee?
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
So, on the first question with regards to mobile. A majority of it is really from mobile web rather than iOS. iOS and the app has driven the single digits. Ryan, so in terms of overall revenue exposure, it’s less, it certainly does impact gross margin especially with that 30% tax but it’s still primarily through mobile web. But we still continue to be positive and bullish with improving engagement and experience through iOS and androids.
So, we’re going to continue to invest in that part of Care3.0. And specifically, when it comes to a transaction thing experience that doesn’t have the 30% tax, and you’re probably aware of that. So, as we continue to experiment on transactional fees after native app, we’ll obviously gain additional learnings that we’ll share with all of you. But it’s mainly subscription it’s tax today.
Unidentified Analyst
Okay, great. And then just one follow-up on the payment business. I mean, both really strong user growth and ARPU growth. And you’d mentioned seasonality just for taxes and as well as the into a transition. Can you help partial out the relative contribution of the two? Because there was a little to price more in the ARPU upside, I would have thought there were some impact from into a pricing and it seems like you guys managed to work through that fairly well. Can you just help explain what happened there?
Denise Garcia
Yes, look I would say at a high level ARPU for that business, has some seasonality to it. During tax filing there are fees that move in one direction, you’re right, within that the impact of be into with folks at the lower price point is moving in the other direction. But I’d expect generally to see normalization and when we talk just a minute back to the prepared remarks and we talked generally about ARPU over the course of the year being flat to prior, we’re talking about that at the level of US consumer which combines US matching and payments.

Unidentified Analyst
Okay, thank you.
Operator
There are no further questions at this time. So, this will conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you, for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Internet Information Providers, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CRCM TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksAlphabet's Q2: What Was Said, And Also Not Said, Make It ExcitingGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:52 AM • DoctoRx•2 CommentsTE Connectivity Ltd. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTEL• Today, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsSTMicroelectronics NV 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTM• Today, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsAtos Origin SA 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAEXAF• Today, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Earnings Beat: Anxious Optimism Or Optimistic Anxiety?T• Today, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•11 CommentsSeagate Crashes, What Now?STX• Today, 5:04 AM • Kumquat Research•16 CommentsFrontier Communications:  Short Interest Spikes To Record Levels At Mid-July... What Now?FTR• Today, 3:40 AM • The Owl•34 CommentsNutanix: Patience And GrowthNTNX• Today, 3:23 AM • Chandler ClinkingbeardTelekom Austria AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTKAGY• Today, 2:09 AM • SA TranscriptsApple Is Overvalued, Buy It Anyway?AAPL• Today, 1:26 AM • PendragonY•74 CommentsRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Today, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•6 CommentsWhat AT&T's Q2 Results Tell Us About The Dividend SafetyT• Today, 12:10 AM • Jonathan Weber•28 CommentsWhat Will Apple Build In Those '3 Big, Beautiful Plants'?AAPL• Yesterday, 11:34 PM • Mark Hibben•38 CommentsAT&T: Grand SlamT• Yesterday, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•37 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Yesterday, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson Investors•1 CommentAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•32 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Yesterday, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•6 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Yesterday, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•45 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•39 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Yesterday, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Yesterday, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•3 Comments4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Yesterday, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•12 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•15 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Yesterday, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•16 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•3 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•12 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Yesterday, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•63 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•8 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•7 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•28 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Yesterday, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Yesterday, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•3 CommentsAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•2 CommentsRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Fish and Tips•1 CommentLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Yesterday, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Yesterday, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•100 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Yesterday, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•17 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating User Growth And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•55 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•21 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Yesterday, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Yesterday, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•12 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Yesterday, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Yesterday, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•5 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•34 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•12 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•8 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•70 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•26 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•14 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•123 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•22 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•7 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•54 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•20 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•22 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•36 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•20 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•80 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•20 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•31 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•259 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•17 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•19 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Telefónica Deutschland Holding's (TELDF) CEO Markus Haas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TELDF•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:53 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




STMicroelectronics NV (STM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


STM•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:09 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Marine Products' (MPX) CEO Rick Hubbell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MPX•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:55 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•51 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
 






Sheila Lirio Marcelo, Founder, Chairwoman, & CEO, Care.com


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Sheila Lirio Marcelo



Founder, Chairwoman, & CEO
at
Care.com


Location: Waltham, MA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Sheila Lirio Marcelo



Founder, Chairwoman, & CEO
at
Care.com


Location: Waltham, MA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Sheila founded Care.com in 2006 and today, the Company is the largest online care destination in the world with more than 11.8 million members in 16 countries. Sheila’s inspiration to found Care.com came from her own life experiences. A mother sandwiched at an early age between care for two small children and ailing parents, Sheila was challenged to find quality care and knew that technology was the answer.
A frequent speaker on women in technology and female entrepreneurship and leadership, Sheila has spoken alongside President Obama at the White House Summit on Working Families (2014), with global political and business leaders at The World Economic Forum at Davos (2013) and the Aspen Forum by the Aspen Institute (2014), and to emerging female leaders at Harvard University (2013) and Northeastern University (2013).
Sheila previously was an executive at Upromise.com and TheLadders.com before serving as Entrepreneur in Residence at Matrix Partners. A Henry Crown Fellow with the Aspen Institute, Marshall Memorial Fellow, and Young Global Leader for WEF, Sheila is also a Board Trustee of the Philippine Development Foundation. In 2014, she was conferred Harvard Business School’s highest honor, the Alumni Achievement Award.
Sheila graduated magna cum laude with a BA in Economics at Mount Holyoke College, and a JD-MBA from Harvard Law School and Harvard Business School, graduating with honors and receiving the Dean’s Award.



7

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





1

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Child Day Care Services




Tags
Product Management Strategy Program Management Web Marketing Strategic Partnerships




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A






























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Sheila Lirio MarceloCareer (7)






Oct-2006




Care.com



Founder, Chairwoman, & CEO







May-2006 to Oct-2006




Matrix Partners



Entrepreneur in Residence







Apr-2005 to Mar-2006




TheLadders.com



VP, General Manager







Jan-2000 to Apr-2005




Upromise



VP, Product Management & Marketing







Jun-1996 to Sep-1998




Monitor Group



Consultant







1995 to 1996




Pyramid Research



Consultant








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Sheila Lirio MarceloEducation (3)






1999



Harvard Law School









1998



Harvard Business School









1993



Mount Holyoke College


Economics









 Edit



Sheila Lirio MarceloAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Sheila Lirio Marcelo






 Edit



Sheila Lirio MarceloLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Sheila Lirio Marcelo






View all 



Sheila Lirio MarceloInvestments/Acquisitions










FlipKey


Since Dec-2007

Company status: ACQUIRED












Sheila Lirio MarceloInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Sheila Lirio Marcelo








Sheila Lirio MarceloRelated People








Colleagues at Care.com







Caroline Sheu

Chief Marketing Officer
Jul-2014









Michael Marty

VP & GM, Operations, Sales & Business Services
Jul-2014









John Leahy

Exec VP and CFO
2013









Al Zink

Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Apr-2012








View all 
Peers (5)







William S. Oesterle

Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer of Angie's List









Oliver Kharraz

CEO & Founder of Zocdoc









Ari Tulla

CEO & Co-Founder of BetterDoctor









Scott Booker

CEO of HealthGrades









Heyward R. Donigan

CEO of Vitals












View all 



Sheila Lirio MarceloRecommended Market Profiles








Caregivers/Doctors (Trinity Ventures)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
6 companies


















Care.com's (CRCM) CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Care.com's (CRCM) CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptNov. 1.16 | About: Care.com, Inc. (CRCM) Care.com, Inc. (NYSE:CRCM)
Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call
November 01, 2016, 08:00 AM ET
Executives
Denise Garcia - Investor Relations
Sheila Lirio Marcelo - Founder, Chairwoman, and Chief Executive Officer
Michael Echenberg - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Kerry Rice - Needham & Company, Inc.,
Lina Rudashevski - JPMorgan 
Scott Devitt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.,
Blake Harper - Loop Capital Markets LLC
Ryan Goodman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator
Greetings, and welcome to the Care.com Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Denise Garcia, Investor Relations for Care.com. Thank you. You may begin.
Denise Garcia
Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Care.com's financial results call for the third quarter of 2016 which ended on September 24.
During the course of this conference call, we will discuss our business outlook and make other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These may include, among other things, projected financial results, our operating metrics, anticipated business and marketing investments and strategies and expected results of those investments and strategies, anticipated future products or services, anticipated market demand or opportunities for our products and services, and other forward-looking topics.
Such statements are only predictions based on management's current expectations. Actual results or events could differ materially from those predictions, due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in the press release we issued today, as well as those more fully described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our views change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today.
We will also be referring to non-GAAP measures on this call, including adjusted EBITDA, which we refer to as EBITDA throughout the presentation. This measure represents pretax net loss from continuing operations excluding the accretion of preferred stock dividends, less of depreciation and amortization, as well as certain other unusual expenses and non-cash adjustments, such as stock-based comp, M&A and restructuring costs.
We also refer to non-GAAP EPS, which represents net loss less plus certain unusual our non-cash expenses such as stock-based comp, M&A and restructuring costs. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provide in the tables in the press release and the Form 8-K filed today.
We will also be referring to profitability on this call. When we refer to profitability, we're referring to it in on an adjusted EBITDA basis, unless otherwise noted.
Today's call is available via webcast and a telephone replay will be available for one week following the conclusion of the call. To access the press release, supplemental and financial information or the webcast replay, please consult the IR Section of Care.com.
With that, let me turn the call over to Sheila Lirio Marcelo, Founder, Chairwoman and CEO of Care.com.

Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Thank you, Denise. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us on today’s call. I’ll start by sharing our financial highlights and notable to these during the third quarter and then turn the call over to Michael who will provide more detail on our financial performance and guidance for the remainder of the year. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call to questions.
I’m pleased to report a strong quarter with better than expected revenue and EBITDA as we continue to focus on growth and profitability. We remain on track with the strategic initiatives outlined earlier this year as we further strengthen what is today the largest two sided network for finding and managing family care in the home with 9.6 million caregivers and 12.4 million families.
In addition, we have the highest unaided brand awareness among family seeking childcare help at over 5X our nearest competitor. We continue to work towards realizing and even greater share of our large market opportunity and I'm excited to update you on our progress during the quarter.
I'll start with revenue. For the third quarter, total revenue was $40.8 million as compared to guidance of $39.5 million to $40.5 million. EBITDA was $1.8 million as compared to guidance of $0.5 million to $1 million. In Q3, we drove a 13 percentage point improvement in EBITDA margin versus last year and remain committed to driving shareholder value through sustained profitable growth and to our long-term EBITDA margin target of 20% to 25%. Michael will discuss our financial performance in greater detail during his prepared remarks.
Our enterprise solution Care@Work is proving to be a significant driver of growth for us and 61% in Q3 versus prior year. More employees are turning to family care benefits as a competitive advantage to help attract and retain talent. As we engage with network we are finding that innovation matters.
Our enterprise mobile app gives employees access to on-demand backup care services and our HR dashboard gives quite accurate real time information about utilization. This transparency leads to confidence that their benefits dollars are being spent wisely and we believe it to be an important differentiator relative to our competitors.
In addition, in Q3 we introduced a new Care@Work sales channel with dedicated inside sales reps focused on selling to small and medium-sized companies. Those [indiscernible] than a 1,000 employees now that we've expanded our offering to include SMB’s more broadly we estimate that our addressable market is substantially larger.
Our enterprise sales team remains focused on winning larger clients such as the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, the University of West Virginia and Baker & McKenzie which we brought on in Q3. And our renewal rate remains high with clients like MIT, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, CSX Transportation and Under Armor renewing in Q3.
Based on the success we've seen and the flywheel we have in place, we plan to expand our enterprise sales team over the course of 2017. Care@Work continues to be a large market opportunity that we are able to grow and monetize with limited investment in a sales organization. In addition, we are also increasing the breadth of services we provide to employers. We’ll share more on future calls.
Moving on to our U.S. Consumer Business, our U.S. Consumer Business saw 8% topline growth in Q3 versus prior driven by a 7% lift in ARPU. ARPU gains came primarily from increased background check revenue and improved monetization on the provider side of the marketplace. As you know, we share ARPU every quarter and we will have more to say about our overall unit economics on our next call in keeping with our regular cadence.

On previous calls, we shared our expectations of decreasing growth in end-of-period paying families given the impact of mobile conversion and our diversion of traffic to test new transactional monetization models. In a few minutes, I will share early results of these tests.
In Q3, we saw additional downward pressure driven by retention softness largely as a result of a mix shift towards shorter-term subscription packages mainly due to price testing we started last year. This led to a decline of 2% versus prior in end-of-period paying families. However, we believe the retention softness we experienced in Q3 is behind us.
Earlier this year, we reintroduced longer-term packages and more recently implemented other tactics to improve overall renewals. As a result in October, we've seen retention improved to expected levels given the ongoing evolution of our business model as we expand beyond the matching subscription fees we charge families.
End-of-period paying families will become a less relevant metric in measuring the overall success of our business. Metrics such as revenue the reflect how we monetize members irrespective of whether they are families of providers and whether they are subscribers or not will increasingly be a better measure of our success. We are evolving our key metrics and we plan to share updates in the future.
Turning now to the strategic priorities in our U.S. Consumer Business. We are on track with our initiatives. First with pre-match, where we are focused on driving organic traffic growth while optimizing our paid marketing for better leverage. Second with our match initiatives which include our investments in mobile optimization of our subscription product also testing non-subscription revenue stream. And third with our post-match initiatives which are designed to extend the length of pay time and engagement. These strategic priorities are geared towards driving long-term profitable growth and realizing our market potential.
Starting with pre-match and organic growth, we know that a majority of families start looking for Care through their communities and word of mouth and we consider community engagement a key driver of organic traffic growth and further sales and marketing leverage. As such, we continue to invest in community and engaging contact and have seen steady year-over-year growth in organic search traffic.
We have seen a mix of high-intent and low-intent traffic and continue to focus our efforts on improving paid member conversion of the high-intent segment while increasing engagement of the lower-intent visitors.
Among our organic milestones in Q3, we completed the full integration of the Kinsights platform our tuck-in acquisition earlier this year into our Care.com community products and we launched the Care Index as part of our initiative to invest in engaging content. This groundbreaking index developed in collaboration with the public policy institute New America is a comprehensive source of insights into the cost, quality and availability of childcare nationwide.
Given our leadership position in the family care space, we believe this will put a spotlight on the challenges we face as a country and the opportunities we have to help millions of families reduce the cost stuff and improve access to quality childcare. In the process, we expect to further expand our brand awareness and improve product stickiness with our investments and community and engaging data-driven content in insights.
In addition, our paid marketing optimization efforts continue to improve sales and marketing leverage. In Q3, we reduce spend versus prior on TV and SCM while improving efficiency in these channels. We also redeploy dollars to focus on the most promising mobile test channels. As a result of both our investment and our organic initiatives and our optimization of paid marketing, we drove sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue down 10 percentage points from 59% in Q3 of 2015 to 49% in Q3 of 2016. This is on top of the 15 percentage points of improvement we saw from Q3 of 2014 to Q3 of 2015.

Now moving on to our match initiatives. On mobile, we continue to test enrollment flows based on learning’s from our experimentation in international markets. And from usability testing with the help of experts from Google with encouraging results we’re excited to drive incremental sign-ups via mobile channels and plan to further test our redesign mobile enrollment experienced during Q4.
In addition, we continue to test transactional models. With the goal of monetizing a meaningful subset of the 85% of families who currently don't upgrade to our paid subscription products as well as - the top of the funnel to realize a greater share of the more than $280 billion spent annually on care services in the U.S. alone.
This year we've made progress with our testing of these new models. And important future in our relationship based on demand service is providing our members the ability to transact real time. This feature only became widely available earlier this year through payment processors.
Since our launch of this feature in July we're starting to see gains in peer-to-peer transaction volume through our platform. In September we process a few thousand transactions with a focus on geographical base testing of new verticals. These are of course early results and we look forward to sharing more on future calls.
As part of our strategy to engage members post match and better serve the provider side of our marketplace. Earlier this year we began offering caregivers seamless year around access to health and dental plans via a strategic relationship with Stride Health as part of our Care.com benefits program initial results are promising.
According to Stride Health a majority of the caregivers who have enrolled in health plans through Care.com benefits since January 2016 have qualified for subsidies averaging nearly $3,000 in annual healthcare premium savings. In Q3, we built on this momentum rolling out a first of its kind peer-to-peer benefits offering Care Benefit Bucks. This enabled families to contribute to their caregivers benefits. Just as traditional corporate employers do for their employees.
When a family pays of caregiver through Care.com a percentage of the transaction is added to the payment to fund the Care.com benefits program. These contributions referred to as Care Benefit Bucks are pooled with those of other families paying that caregiver through Care.com. Care Benefit Bucks are portable staying with a caregiver even if he changes jobs on Care.com and can be used to pay for important family expenses such as healthcare and transportation.
Our Care.com Benefits program represents an important step forward to help professionalize caregiving by providing more services to our millions of caregivers one of the largest groups of good workers on a single platform in this growing on-demand economy. We believe that offering providers these unique benefits beyond finding a job will make our platform stickier.
In summary, we continue to innovate and leave the market for caregivers and families looking for care. We meet solid progress across all our initiatives during the quarter and I'm excited about their potential to further strengthen Care.com’s leading position in the family care space and drive our growth in 2017 and beyond.
Now let me turn the call over to Michael before we open it up to questions.
Michael Echenberg
Thanks, Sheila. I'm also pleased with our Q3 results. And I'm happy with the progress we continue to make across our strategic initiatives while maintaining profitable growth. I’ll now provide more color on our Q3 results starting with revenue. In Q3, revenue grew to $40.8 million a 13% increase over Q3 2015 revenue of $36.2 million. As Sheila noted our U.S. consumer business grew 8% to $32.8 million.

Our other businesses, which include international, Care@Work and marketplace delivered $8 million of revenue a 36% increase versus prior. Care@Work saw the biggest increase versus prior at 61%. International meanwhile grew 23% versus prior, despite FX headwinds of roughly three percentage points. These strong results led to our exceeding the high-end of our topline guidance range.
Now on to EBITDA. We remain committed to driving shareholder value through sustained profitable growth and Q3 our fourth quarter in a row of EBITDA profitability is another proof point. Over these trailing four quarters we generated $10.7 million of EBITDA on nearly $156 million of revenue.
For the third quarter, EBITDA was positive $1.8 million, compared to a loss of $3 million in Q3 of 2015. A margin improvement versus prior of 13 percentage points. The EBITDA strength relative to our guidance was driven by flow through from the revenue beats and continued cost discipline.
Before turning to net income and EPS, I'll provide some color on our major cost lines. First, sales and marketing, which we drove down versus prior as a percentage of revenue by 10 percentage points. We continue to expect new acquisition channels like social and mobile advertising in combination with our R&D spending on organic to help us achieve further leverage gains down the road.
We also saw increased leverage on the R&D line which fell versus prior by 270 basis points despite our aggressive product development roadmap. And we continue to drive G&A down as a percentage of revenue; it was down by a 160 basis points versus Q3 of 2015 and by seven percentage points versus Q3 of 2014. Notably G&A spending was flat relative to Q3 of 2014 against a topline that was up 38%.
Gross margin for the quarter was 79.4% as compared to 80.9% in Q3 of 2015 driven mainly by three factors. First, faster growth relative to the rest of the company and Care@Work. Care@Work gross margin is lower than overall Care.com. That said we have seen a gross margin improvement in Care@Work from 2015 to 2016 a function of price increases and ongoing operational optimization to drive down variable unit costs.
The two other factors affecting gross margin this quarter were faster growth than our U.S. consumer background check offerings and the 30% fee that goes to Apple for subscriptions purchased through the iOS app. There are partial offset here. As an example we've lowered some variable unit costs by leveraging technology to streamline the vetting of jobs and profiles. While we expect to continue to our fall of our business model beyond the matching subscription fees we charge families will continue to be judicious in managing our cost structure to limit the impact on gross margin.
Moving now to net income and EPS. Q3 GAAP EPS from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders with negative $0.06 up from negative $0.20 in Q3 of 2015. Q3 net loss from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders was $1.9 million as compared to $6.4 million in the third quarter of 2015.
Note that this loss of $1.9 million included negative 600,000 associated with the accretion of preferred stock dividends related to Google Capital. Going forward we expect this dynamic to continue, they were closer to $700,000 per quarter at full impact. Q3 non-GAAP EPS was positive $0.02 as compared to negative $0.15 in Q3 of last year. This improvement versus prior in non-GAAP EPS is mainly the result of flow through from our EBITDA improvement versus prior.
A quick housekeeping note on EPS. Going forward in periods and which we have GAAP income, we intend to present GAAP EPS using the more dilutive of the two step method and the treasury stock method, but will continue to present non-GAAP EPS using the treasury stock method. Regarding cash and short-term investments we ended the quarter with $70.8 million, the $15.2 million increase versus the end of last quarter includes the $1.8 million of Q3 EBITDA along with a net cash increase of $13.5 million from the Google Capital and Matrix transactions at the end of June.

Turning now to guidance. Starting with revenue, for the full-year we're guiding to $159.5 million to $161 million narrowing our range and raising the midpoint by a debt. This implies Q4 guidance of $41.2 million to $42.7 million a bit of color on Care@Work. Given the facing of deals we do not expect Q4 revenue growth to match Q3. That said we continue to expect that the second half of the year in aggregate will see acceleration relative to the first half for Care@Work revenue.
On EBITDA, we are guiding to $11 million to $12 million for the full-year raising the floor by $1.5 million. The implied EBITDA guidance for Q4 is $6.6 million to $7.6 million. Note that in Q4, we’re investing incrementally in U.S. consumer marketing in support of the January 2017 peak season and in Care@Work to continue to expand the sales team. Here we’re making use of the Q3 beat.
Finally, for full-year non-GAAP EPS we’re guiding to positive $0.13 to positive $0.15. This is based on an expectation of about $38 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year. I’ll note that relative to our previous guidance, expected share count is up about a $1 million and non-GAAP net income has seen downward FX pressure. A function mainly of revaluing balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies.
For the fourth quarter, we are guiding to non-GAAP EPS of between positive $0.14 and positive $0.16 with an expectation of about $37 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding. For the balance of the year, we’re expecting the euro to average a $1.10 and the pound to average a $1.22. 5% in either direction for both represents about $200,000 of revenue, $50,000 of adjusted EBITDA and roughly $0.02 of non-GAAP EPS.
Finally, on to cash and short-term investments. We expect to end 2016 with roughly $75 million. This is an increase of about $4 million relative to the $71 million at the end of Q3 less than the EBITDA guidance which is mainly a function of typical changes in working capital.
Before we open the call up to Q&A, I'll conclude by saying that as this quarter's results demonstrate we continue to execute solidly across our strategic initiatives and sustained profitability as expected. I believe we are well-positioned to drive profitable growth in 2017 and beyond.
With that, I'll open the call to your questions. Operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kerry Rice with Needham and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Kerry Rice
Thanks a lot. Couple questions and related - mostly related to the marketing spend as we think about Q4. I know over the last couple of years the direct marketing spend has kind of come down in Q4, but you mentioned that you are gearing up for obviously investing in Care@Work and U.S. consumer matching and I know you've been going through obviously testing different initiatives?
Can you talk a little bit about maybe where you're spending – maybe what the – how to think about Q4 direct marketing spend, you mentioned mobile test channel? Can you talk a little bit more about where you're spending those direct marketing dollars as well as what we expect for Q4 there? Thank you.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Sure. Good morning, Kerry. Yes, so we are spending it as we – in our prepared remarks certainly ramping up our enterprise sales team for Care@Work and also the peak season in preparation for U.S. consumer and that includes matching as well as payments because payment also has a peak season as leading up to Q1 given the tax season.
And what we found is we're certainly reducing our spending in traditional channels like TV and SCM where we've been spending for years is starting to diversify our spending on to digital and mobile channels. Specifically, we've seen success in YouTube, Pinterest and more recently UAAC that's the universal app download campaign via Google. And so we're continued to experiment around those new channels and seeing promising results.

Kerry Rice
Great. And so if we think about Q4 direct marketing spend this year, should we not expect to see the dip that we've seen in the prior years then?
Michael Echenberg
Yes. Look, I would say the general shape of the year I wouldn't expect it to change dramatically right, because of the seasonality of the business we continue going forward to expect the relationship between Q4 marketing spend and Q3 marketing spend to be broadly similar. Our comments on the call were more about where we expect Q4 to end up now relative to what our prior expectations have been.
Kerry Rice
Great. And then on one final question with all the strategic initiatives further around the short-term transaction based initiatives? How do you know and diverting some of the traffic to mobile. Do you do you see the completion of that kind of that year-end and then you start putting more marketing dollars to work related to driving mobile or how do we think about the kind of the - I'm sure you'll continue to go on testing various things, but maybe the diversion of traffic heavily towards testing and maybe kind of investing in what your learnings have been to start to drive growth? Is that how we should think about the way you enter 2017 or any thoughts about the testing and putting marketing dollars behind those to accelerate it?
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Thanks, Kerry for that question. We actually have started to divert traffic which is why from an end-of-period perspective, we've shared the moderate growth expectation we had there and we're going to continue to invest in that testing and certainly starting to experiment with marketing dollars because we are seeing promising cost per downloads our ability to cross-sell certain things that we're testing.
So it's very promising, everything that happen this summer is we rolled out transaction features nationally as because we've been waiting for this real time payment functionality that the processors now have available. That's really critical in our relationship based on-demand service. And so in addition we also built our Care.com Benefits programs and with those two in tandem we're going to be spending more marketing dollars to grow the transaction revenue side of our business.
Kerry Rice
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Devitt
Hi, Sheila and Michael. I had a question just on Care@Work initiative which seems to be going very well. There was a period of time where corporate America was certainly focused on in-sourcing care as a point of differentiation it seems like that stabilized and actually from reading media begun to reverse were companies are less focused on in-sourcing and some actually shutting it down.
And I'm interested in when you have accounts that you're winning. If you can just describe kind of the makeup of the accounts is it more this trend that this seems to have been happening were in-sourcing it's going to outsourcing or accounts that are really just engaging in care as an offering for their employees for the first time? Thank you.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
I think Scott both just happening. I think that our innovation around investments on the Care@Work mobile app the transparency in the HR Dashboard certainly is giving us an opportunity to move to that outsourcing service that we provide. The other thing is with increasing remote employees we also provide the ubiquity of access to care that I think an in-source solution is not able to address.
So I think with the variety of reasons, there is a desire to move to outsourcing. Having said that there is a trend overall of company’s increasing awareness around the importance of Care Benefits especially to be competitive and we see that a lot in New York and in Silicon Valley.

Michael Echenberg
The one thing I might add to that is in the context of our new sales channel focused on small and medium-sized businesses for smaller employers in-sourcing may never have been an option given the economics of that and so there's an interesting dynamic with respect to an offering like ours for smaller clients.
Scott Devitt
And is there anything, any data that you have that can help us better understand the benefits for the direct business, the consumer business that the brand building that you're getting from Care@Work maybe you’re doing for the overall brand [HALO] of Care.com.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
We don't, in fact of overall brand awareness we do a survey twice a year using Hanover and we do see overall brand awareness increasing and then of course it always helps us, so it's more anecdotal that we received where they have a good experience and similar to Laela Sturdy at Google Capital were given her good experience she obviously made a decision to as partly to invest in Care.com. But those anecdotal data because of the good user experience high net promoter score; high reuse and renewal rate that we see with Care@Work certainly is a positive influence in our brand.
Scott Devitt
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Lina Rudashevski
Hi. This is Lina Rudashevski on for Doug. Just two quick questions. First on the 30% tax paid to Apple. Are there any ways to look around that such as just redirecting users to desktop and do you see any benefits from them going at 15% beyond one-year subs. And then secondly, in your investor deck you’re up to 19 countries internationally from 16. Is that just Care@Work or what’s driving that expansion? Thanks.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Yes. Specifically in the 30% tax, we continue to test there and certainly the transactional revenue model doesn't have the tax on that as you know Lina. On the second year, it's actually the renewal of the 12 months within the second-year, the 15% is too early for us, since we haven't seen that yet, but certainly we're excited about testing that lower fee opportunity that Apple now provides. With regards to the countries, turning that over to Michael.
Michael Echenberg
Yes. I would say you mailed that there Lina that probably the primary driver for us as we think about international expansion is serving our global clients affectively. And as we've mentioned on past calls, number of them having had positive experiences with our services domestically want to find ways to offer them to pools of employees in other countries as well. Of course, we in certain instances have consumer offerings that are meaningful in other countries as well and just for those who may not be familiar the three most recently added countries are Ireland, Spain and Australia.
Lina Rudashevski
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blake Harper with Loop Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Blake Harper
Hi, thanks. Sheila I want to ask you when you talked about the SMB opportunity for Care@Work. Any way that you could help quantify that and how that compares to the enterprise opportunity and just thinking about the size of the market in general, have you done any work there? Is there any type of numbers that you think that you can address with both of them?
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
We estimate about a size of about 10,000 companies in the U.S. with more than a 1,000 employees and we've shared before that we believe that anywhere between 2 billion to 4 billion in terms of a TAM. With the SMB opportunity we know that the TAM has grown significantly and we estimated it's roughly north of 10,000 companies.
Blake Harper
Okay, great. And then I guess the second question when you talked about the transaction strategy just wanted to understand where Date Night fit in there and what is your plans were for that app if you’re planning to relaunch or put any type of other marketing effort behind that and just how that fits in overall to the transaction strategy right now?

Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Sure. We have some great learnings on the Date Night app, it's now actually incorporated in the core app and is being marketed and cross sold there and we have found in taking advantage of our millions of downloads for the iOS app, now it’s 3 million and it’s consistently ranking in the top three paid applications in the lifestyle category. So we are taking advantage of cross-selling that part time childcare opportunity Blake.
Blake Harper
Okay. Thanks.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Goodman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Goodman
Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I had one on the end-of-period paying members. You touched on it briefly in the prepared comments. Just wanted to know if you could flesh that out a little bit more and help explain again, what was it that caused that decline and then it sounds like there were some tactics in place where you're starting to see that stabilize. Can you just add some color to that of what's changed in October and then I guess going into the rest of Q4?
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Sure. We shared our expectations of moderate growth in the end-of-period primarily due to mobile conversion which is the half of desktop that we've been working on and also diverting traffic to test the transactional products. The key driver actually of this the negative 2% end-of-period was due to unexpected retention of softness and it was primarily price and package testing that we did last year.
And if you all recall, we conducted this price and package testing with different subscription moths, but we had turned off the long-term subscription package late last year actually in Q3 and it resulted in the highest impact of these tests on the retention for this past quarter.
We since then optimize our pricing and the package mix and we've also added other tactics to improve downgrade and billing processes, so in Q3 we are already starting to see the results in October in terms of overall improvement. And so it's really behind us and we continue to learn and optimize from this. So we’re seeing retention improved back to the expected levels.
Ryan Goodman
Okay. Great. That helps a lot. And then the other questions I had mostly Care@Work, I mean really good growth here, few questions on it. One, I don't know if you can give us an update on the size of the business just overall. And then two, you had mentioned the gross margin is actually improving a little below the average for corporate, but it's improving curious how the SMB investments are going to impact that and if that is a profitable business or if that's going to, I guess when you're going to see it reach profitability. And then finally, just can you explain a little bit more on what's causing the pullback in Q4 for that business?
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
I throw it to Michael.
Michael Echenberg
Yes. So generally with respect to the size of Care@Work I would say sort of returning to the way we've framed them in the past. If you think broadly about the geography of our P&L it’s 80-20 U.S. consumer versus other – within other it’s very broadly 50-50 between international and B2B and the bigger piece of B2B is Care@Work with the smaller piece being the marketplace business which incidentally is a highly profitable business for us.
With respect to the gross margin, it’s lower than for the Company as a whole driven largely by the backup care component. We haven't specified exactly what that gross margin is, but what we have talked about is we've got efforts underway as that business grows nicely to improve gross margin through time and we did see some nice traction from 2015 to 2016 on the back both of some pricing actions including from the legacy parents and pinch clients and then also some good traction with respect to driving down variable unit costs.

With respect to the phasing across Q3 and Q4 there's typical phasing around open enrollment and renewals and how new client sign on translate into revenue and that is informing the shape of the year. And so the way that we previewed in the prepared remarks I think is the best way to think about it.
It continues to be the case that we think in aggregate the second half of 2016 will have higher growth versus prior than the first half, but if you dig down into Q3 and Q4, our expectation is that the Q4 growth rate won't match the Q3 growth rate. We continue to think of Care@Work as an important growth lever as we look to 2017 and beyond.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
And I’ll actually add two points there Ryan. This contains to be a really large market opportunity for us and we're able to grow and monetize it with limited investment in a sales organization given the investments that we've done on the U.S. consumer side for the main product. And also we see the out years in terms of overall impact on gross margin to be in the single-digits.
Ryan Goodman
Okay, great. Thank you.
End of Q&A
Operator
Thank you. Ms. Lirio Marcelo there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to you for final remarks.
Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Thanks to everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your questions and support; we’ve remained on track with our product roadmap and strategy to drive long-term profitable growth. We believe we're on the right path with the right team and we look forward to speaking to all of you on future calls. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Internet Information Providers, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CRCM TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksAlphabet's Q2: What Was Said, And Also Not Said, Make It ExcitingGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:52 AM • DoctoRx•2 CommentsTE Connectivity Ltd. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTEL• Today, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsSTMicroelectronics NV 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTM• Today, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsAtos Origin SA 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAEXAF• Today, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Earnings Beat: Anxious Optimism Or Optimistic Anxiety?T• Today, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•11 CommentsSeagate Crashes, What Now?STX• Today, 5:04 AM • Kumquat Research•16 CommentsFrontier Communications:  Short Interest Spikes To Record Levels At Mid-July... What Now?FTR• Today, 3:40 AM • The Owl•34 CommentsNutanix: Patience And GrowthNTNX• Today, 3:23 AM • Chandler ClinkingbeardTelekom Austria AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTKAGY• Today, 2:09 AM • SA TranscriptsApple Is Overvalued, Buy It Anyway?AAPL• Today, 1:26 AM • PendragonY•74 CommentsRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Today, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•6 CommentsWhat AT&T's Q2 Results Tell Us About The Dividend SafetyT• Today, 12:10 AM • Jonathan Weber•28 CommentsWhat Will Apple Build In Those '3 Big, Beautiful Plants'?AAPL• Yesterday, 11:34 PM • Mark Hibben•38 CommentsAT&T: Grand SlamT• Yesterday, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•37 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Yesterday, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson Investors•1 CommentAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•32 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Yesterday, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•6 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Yesterday, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•45 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•39 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Yesterday, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Yesterday, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•3 Comments4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Yesterday, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•12 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•15 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Yesterday, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•16 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•3 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•12 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Yesterday, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•63 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•8 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•7 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•28 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Yesterday, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Yesterday, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•3 CommentsAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•2 CommentsRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Fish and Tips•1 CommentLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Yesterday, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Yesterday, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•100 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Yesterday, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•17 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating User Growth And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•55 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•21 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Yesterday, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Yesterday, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•12 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Yesterday, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Yesterday, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•5 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•34 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•12 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•8 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•70 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•26 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•14 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•123 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•22 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•7 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•54 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•20 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•22 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•36 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•20 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•80 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•20 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•31 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•259 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•17 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•19 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Telefónica Deutschland Holding's (TELDF) CEO Markus Haas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TELDF•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:53 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




STMicroelectronics NV (STM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


STM•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:09 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Marine Products' (MPX) CEO Rick Hubbell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MPX•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:55 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•51 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started






























 



Fast shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, unlimited photo storage, and Kindle books.






Start your 30-day Prime Free Trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $99/year.  Cancel anytime.

                    
Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v



































Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v




































Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.
























Sheila Lirio Marcelo - Wikipedia






















 






Sheila Lirio Marcelo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sheila Lirio Marcelo



Marcelo in 2014



Born
1970 Philippines


Nationality
American


Education
Brent International School, Baguio


Alma mater
Mount Holyoke College, Harvard Business School/Harvard Law School


Occupation
Founder, Chairwoman & CEO


Known for
Care.com, WomenUp.org


Awards
Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award


Sheila Lirio Marcelo (born 1970) is a Filipino-American entrepreneur. She is the Founder, Chairwoman and CEO of Care.com, the world’s largest online destination for finding and managing family care.[1]
She is a Henry Crown Fellow with the Aspen Institute (Class of 2012)[2] and was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2011.[3] Marcelo is the youngest recipient of the Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award (2014)[4] and received an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from her alma mater, Mount Holyoke College.[5]
Marcelo is an active Filipino-American philanthropist supporting Filipinos and Filipino-Americans and is on the Board of Trustees of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation[6]), a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.
Biography[edit]
Marcelo was born and raised in the Philippines, growing up in an entrepreneurial household that was involved in a number of businesses from coconut mills to mango and banana plantations to transportation and coal production.[7] Part of her early childhood was spent in Houston with her five siblings.[8] When Marcelo was 11, she attended Brent International School in Baguio.
She graduated magna cum laude from Mt. Holyoke College with a degree in Economics and received M.B.A. and J.D. degrees, with honors and the Dean’s Award from Harvard University.[9] It was during her undergraduate years at Mt. Holyoke that Marcelo had her first child, Ryan;[10] her second son, Adam, was born right after graduating from Harvard Business School.[11][12] While attending Harvard she also spent 30 hours a week on community activities, worked on several campus businesses and provided consulting services for the design of Harvard’s Spangler center.[13]
Prior to founding Care.com, she served as a consultant at Monitor Company,[14] Pyramid Research and Putnam, Hayes & Bartlett,[15] a teaching fellow at Harvard Business School,[16] Vice President of Product Management and Marketing at Upromise, an online service helping families save money for college, Vice President and General Manager of TheLadders.com, an online service helping people find jobs and entrepreneur-in-resident in the Bosto n office of Matrix Partners.[17]
She currently lives in Weston, Massachusetts with her husband and two sons.[18][19]
Founder of Care.com[edit]
Marcelo’s initial care challenge came after she had her first child, Ryan.[20] She was a college student and immigrant, and didn't have family nearby as a support system.[21] While helping care for her second baby boy, her father suffered a heart attack and she struggled to find care for him, as well as child care for her two sons.[22] Marcelo realized there was a need in the market to help families find care. She waited five years to launch a startup because she wanted to get more operational and managerial experience and make sure her family was ready.[23]
Care.com, founded in 2006, addresses the unique care needs that each family faces through every stage of their lives - helping them select child care, senior care, special needs care, tutoring, pet care, housekeeping and more. The site includes prescreened profiles, monitored messaging, access to background checks, recorded references and educational information on the interviewing process.[24]
The company went public January 24, 2014.[25] From its founding in 2006 through August 2012, Care.com had raised more than $111 million in venture capital from investors, including LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman.[26] Marcelo is one of the few female technology entrepreneurs to raise more than $35 million in venture capital funding.[27] Today the site has more than 17.8 million members, spanning 16 countries.[28]
Accomplishments[edit]

External video




 PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo


Marcelo has appeared on several prominent news shows including NBC’s Today Show, CBS’s The Early Show and ABC News Now and in media outlets such as Forbes, Bloomberg and CNBC.com.[29]
She was named one of the top 40 entrepreneurs under 40 years of age by the Boston Business Journal (2009),[30] one of the 10 most powerful women entrepreneurs by Fortune Magazine (2009),[31] one of the 10 most powerful women in Boston Tech by The Boston Globe,[32] to The Aspen Institute’s 2012 Class of Henry Crown Fellows,[33] a "Tech Luminary Innovation All-Star" by the Boston Business Journal (2012),[34] and one of The Boston Globe's 100 Innovators of 2013.[35] In 2010, she received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award.[36] In 2011, Marcelo was awarded a Marshall Memorial Fellowship and named as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum.[37] In 2013, she was inducted into the Academy of Women Achievers by the YMCA.[38]) In 2014, Marcelo received the prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award, "for her achievements as founder, chairwoman and CEO of Care.com". She is the second Filipino alum, after Jaime Zobel De Ayala,[39] to be honored with this award.[40][41] Also in 2014, she was bestowed one of the highest honors for Filipinos, the Filipino Heritage Award or Pamana ng Pilipino from President Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines for her "excellence and distinction in the pursuit of [her] work or profession."[42][43] In April 2015, Marcelo received an honorary doctorate in humane letters from Mt. Holyoke College.[44]
A frequent speaker on women in technology and female entrepreneurship and leadership, Marcelo has spoken alongside President Obama at the White House Summit on Working Families (2014),[45] with global political and business leaders at The World Economic Forum (2013, 2015),[46] and to emerging female leaders at Harvard University (2013)[47] and CEOs at Northeastern University (2013).[48]
Non-profit and advisory work[edit]
Marcelo is a Board Trustee of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation),[49] a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.[50] She was a finalist judge for Harvard Business School's annual business plan competition in 2012 and was an adviser to the school’s Arthur Rock Center for Entrepreneurship.[51] In 2012, she was a mentor to the winning team in Hack2Hatch, a competition for entrepreneurs in the Philippines.[52]
Marcelo also launched WomenUp.org, an organization that aims to increase women’s role in the global economy by providing leadership training, mentorship and support to girls and women through every stage of their lives and careers.[53] In the summer of 2013, WomenUp partnered with Care.com and The Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE) to run a two-week leadership camp for 7th and 8th grade girls.[54] WomenUp and Care.com also sponsored a business plan competition for female entrepreneurs in August 2013.[55] Women Up has also held female leadership training programs in the United States, Brazil, and the Philippines.[56]
Marcelo also co-founded Landit.com, a website dedicated to help women seeking to move their career forward.[57]
Interviews and speeches[edit]

Women Up: Sheila Lirio Marcelo, World Economic Forum, April 2013
Sheila Lirio Marcelo Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America, May 2015
PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo, June 2015
Speech at the National Partnership for Women & Families Annual Luncheon, June 2015
Speech at APEC SME Summit, November 2015.

Controversy over idea for Care.com[edit]
While working as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Venture capital firm Matrix Partners, Marcelo met with the founders of Sittercity.com and Sitters.com, two existing websites for finding caregivers, in order to discuss a potential investment and bringing Marcelo in as CEO.[58] Matrix Partners did not invest in either firm and months later Marcelo would found Care.com.
Mike Cravens, the founder of Sitters.com, has alleged that Marcelo "used that information to jump-start Care.com". Anne Raimondi, a spokesperson for Matrix, responded that: “We can appreciate that the companies in question do not like competition, but we do not believe that their claims of unfair treatment are at all merited because both Sheila and we said from the earliest discussions with these companies that we were considering competitive options and not to share any information with us that they were not comfortable sharing.” [59]
References[edit]



^ Susan Caminiti, "Online Marketplace Helps Million Find Family Care," CNBC.com, June 3, 2014
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ Emily Harrison Weir, "Honoree Marcelo a ‘connections entrepreneur’," Mount Holyoke College, May 5, 2015.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo biography, World Economic Forum.
^ Charlene Oldham, "Let's Be Clear," Success Magazine, October 8, 2012.
^ [1], Sheila's blog.
^ "Weston resident named Henry Crown Fellow," WickedLocal, April 2, 2012.
^ "8 Harvard Business School Women who Founded Great Startups," Top MBA Connect.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Allison Rubin, "Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts Honors Sheila Lirio Marcelo as a Leading Woman," WestonPatch, September 16, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ Zach Davis, "13 Questions with Care.com CEO Sheila Marcelo," Tech Cocktail, August 17, 2012.
^ [2], Interview with Sheila.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Jana Kasperkevic, "Care.com's Founder Waited Five Years to Launch," Inc. Magazine, July 9, 2013.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ Jordan Graham, "Experts: Care.com IPO shows Boston’s Web savvy," Boston Herald, January 24, 2014.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ "The Moms who are Changing the World," Babble.com.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sets IPO share range at $14-$16; could raise up to $86M," Boston Business Journal, January 10, 2014.
^ Lisa Kassenaar, "Who Profits? Care.com Finds Sitters for Baby or Dad," Bloomberg, December 8, 2014.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ "Most Powerful Women Entrepreneurs: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Fortune Magazine, December 18, 2009.
^ Scott Kirsner, "The 10 most powerful women in Boston tech (plus 5 up-and-comers)," Boston Globe, February 8, 2012.
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Tech Luminary: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, November 16, 2012.
^ Cindy Atoji Keene, "Top innovators in Massachusetts," Boston Globe, May 19, 2013.
^ "Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2010 award winners in New England announced," Ernst & Young web site.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ Mark Shanahan and Meredith Goldstein, "Civil rights trailblazer Glendora Putnam honored," Boston Globe, June 30, 2013.
^ Jaime Zobel de Ayala, Wikipedia.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ "Filipina one of Harvard Business School’s outstanding alumni," Inquirer, August 28, 2014.
^ "Sheila Marcelo receives 'Pamana ng Pilipino' award," ABS CBN, December 5, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014
^ "Rundown of commencements at Mass. universities," Boston Globe, April 24, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo Biography, Mount Holyoke College.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Philippine Development Foundation, Commission on Filipinos Overseas.
^ Patricia Resende, "Mass. groups emphasize international collaboration with new programs," Boston Business Journal, April 22, 2013.
^ Kate Abbott, “How I Got Here: Care.com's Sheila Marcelo,” Bloomberg Businessweek, September 4, 2012.
^ "Web app startup ‘Orchestrack’ wins 1st Hack2Hatch," The Philippine Star, November 5, 2012.
^ Susan Johnston, "Care.com’s Sheila Marcelo on Building a Successful Consumer Website," VentureFizz, July 30, 2012.
^ 53. "Girl Empower: The NFTE Summer BizCamp Experience," Wellesley Patch, May 16, 2013.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sponsors biz plan contest for female entrepreneurs," Boston Business Journal, August 12, 2013.
^ “Our Mission,” WomenUp.org
^ LandIt, LandIt.com.
^ "Websites’ rivalry provides lesson about sharing strategy". Boston.com. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Scott Kirsner, "The Backstory: On Care.com, Sittercity, Entrepreneurs, and Entrepreneurs-in-Residence," Boston.com, November 23, 2009.







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sheila_Lirio_Marcelo&oldid=786901903"					
Categories: American businesspeopleHarvard Business School alumniHidden categories: Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using ethnicityArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 08:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Sheila Lirio Marcelo - Wikipedia






















 






Sheila Lirio Marcelo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sheila Lirio Marcelo



Marcelo in 2014



Born
1970 Philippines


Nationality
American


Education
Brent International School, Baguio


Alma mater
Mount Holyoke College, Harvard Business School/Harvard Law School


Occupation
Founder, Chairwoman & CEO


Known for
Care.com, WomenUp.org


Awards
Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award


Sheila Lirio Marcelo (born 1970) is a Filipino-American entrepreneur. She is the Founder, Chairwoman and CEO of Care.com, the world’s largest online destination for finding and managing family care.[1]
She is a Henry Crown Fellow with the Aspen Institute (Class of 2012)[2] and was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2011.[3] Marcelo is the youngest recipient of the Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award (2014)[4] and received an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from her alma mater, Mount Holyoke College.[5]
Marcelo is an active Filipino-American philanthropist supporting Filipinos and Filipino-Americans and is on the Board of Trustees of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation[6]), a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.
Biography[edit]
Marcelo was born and raised in the Philippines, growing up in an entrepreneurial household that was involved in a number of businesses from coconut mills to mango and banana plantations to transportation and coal production.[7] Part of her early childhood was spent in Houston with her five siblings.[8] When Marcelo was 11, she attended Brent International School in Baguio.
She graduated magna cum laude from Mt. Holyoke College with a degree in Economics and received M.B.A. and J.D. degrees, with honors and the Dean’s Award from Harvard University.[9] It was during her undergraduate years at Mt. Holyoke that Marcelo had her first child, Ryan;[10] her second son, Adam, was born right after graduating from Harvard Business School.[11][12] While attending Harvard she also spent 30 hours a week on community activities, worked on several campus businesses and provided consulting services for the design of Harvard’s Spangler center.[13]
Prior to founding Care.com, she served as a consultant at Monitor Company,[14] Pyramid Research and Putnam, Hayes & Bartlett,[15] a teaching fellow at Harvard Business School,[16] Vice President of Product Management and Marketing at Upromise, an online service helping families save money for college, Vice President and General Manager of TheLadders.com, an online service helping people find jobs and entrepreneur-in-resident in the Bosto n office of Matrix Partners.[17]
She currently lives in Weston, Massachusetts with her husband and two sons.[18][19]
Founder of Care.com[edit]
Marcelo’s initial care challenge came after she had her first child, Ryan.[20] She was a college student and immigrant, and didn't have family nearby as a support system.[21] While helping care for her second baby boy, her father suffered a heart attack and she struggled to find care for him, as well as child care for her two sons.[22] Marcelo realized there was a need in the market to help families find care. She waited five years to launch a startup because she wanted to get more operational and managerial experience and make sure her family was ready.[23]
Care.com, founded in 2006, addresses the unique care needs that each family faces through every stage of their lives - helping them select child care, senior care, special needs care, tutoring, pet care, housekeeping and more. The site includes prescreened profiles, monitored messaging, access to background checks, recorded references and educational information on the interviewing process.[24]
The company went public January 24, 2014.[25] From its founding in 2006 through August 2012, Care.com had raised more than $111 million in venture capital from investors, including LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman.[26] Marcelo is one of the few female technology entrepreneurs to raise more than $35 million in venture capital funding.[27] Today the site has more than 17.8 million members, spanning 16 countries.[28]
Accomplishments[edit]

External video




 PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo


Marcelo has appeared on several prominent news shows including NBC’s Today Show, CBS’s The Early Show and ABC News Now and in media outlets such as Forbes, Bloomberg and CNBC.com.[29]
She was named one of the top 40 entrepreneurs under 40 years of age by the Boston Business Journal (2009),[30] one of the 10 most powerful women entrepreneurs by Fortune Magazine (2009),[31] one of the 10 most powerful women in Boston Tech by The Boston Globe,[32] to The Aspen Institute’s 2012 Class of Henry Crown Fellows,[33] a "Tech Luminary Innovation All-Star" by the Boston Business Journal (2012),[34] and one of The Boston Globe's 100 Innovators of 2013.[35] In 2010, she received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award.[36] In 2011, Marcelo was awarded a Marshall Memorial Fellowship and named as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum.[37] In 2013, she was inducted into the Academy of Women Achievers by the YMCA.[38]) In 2014, Marcelo received the prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award, "for her achievements as founder, chairwoman and CEO of Care.com". She is the second Filipino alum, after Jaime Zobel De Ayala,[39] to be honored with this award.[40][41] Also in 2014, she was bestowed one of the highest honors for Filipinos, the Filipino Heritage Award or Pamana ng Pilipino from President Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines for her "excellence and distinction in the pursuit of [her] work or profession."[42][43] In April 2015, Marcelo received an honorary doctorate in humane letters from Mt. Holyoke College.[44]
A frequent speaker on women in technology and female entrepreneurship and leadership, Marcelo has spoken alongside President Obama at the White House Summit on Working Families (2014),[45] with global political and business leaders at The World Economic Forum (2013, 2015),[46] and to emerging female leaders at Harvard University (2013)[47] and CEOs at Northeastern University (2013).[48]
Non-profit and advisory work[edit]
Marcelo is a Board Trustee of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation),[49] a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.[50] She was a finalist judge for Harvard Business School's annual business plan competition in 2012 and was an adviser to the school’s Arthur Rock Center for Entrepreneurship.[51] In 2012, she was a mentor to the winning team in Hack2Hatch, a competition for entrepreneurs in the Philippines.[52]
Marcelo also launched WomenUp.org, an organization that aims to increase women’s role in the global economy by providing leadership training, mentorship and support to girls and women through every stage of their lives and careers.[53] In the summer of 2013, WomenUp partnered with Care.com and The Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE) to run a two-week leadership camp for 7th and 8th grade girls.[54] WomenUp and Care.com also sponsored a business plan competition for female entrepreneurs in August 2013.[55] Women Up has also held female leadership training programs in the United States, Brazil, and the Philippines.[56]
Marcelo also co-founded Landit.com, a website dedicated to help women seeking to move their career forward.[57]
Interviews and speeches[edit]

Women Up: Sheila Lirio Marcelo, World Economic Forum, April 2013
Sheila Lirio Marcelo Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America, May 2015
PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo, June 2015
Speech at the National Partnership for Women & Families Annual Luncheon, June 2015
Speech at APEC SME Summit, November 2015.

Controversy over idea for Care.com[edit]
While working as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Venture capital firm Matrix Partners, Marcelo met with the founders of Sittercity.com and Sitters.com, two existing websites for finding caregivers, in order to discuss a potential investment and bringing Marcelo in as CEO.[58] Matrix Partners did not invest in either firm and months later Marcelo would found Care.com.
Mike Cravens, the founder of Sitters.com, has alleged that Marcelo "used that information to jump-start Care.com". Anne Raimondi, a spokesperson for Matrix, responded that: “We can appreciate that the companies in question do not like competition, but we do not believe that their claims of unfair treatment are at all merited because both Sheila and we said from the earliest discussions with these companies that we were considering competitive options and not to share any information with us that they were not comfortable sharing.” [59]
References[edit]



^ Susan Caminiti, "Online Marketplace Helps Million Find Family Care," CNBC.com, June 3, 2014
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ Emily Harrison Weir, "Honoree Marcelo a ‘connections entrepreneur’," Mount Holyoke College, May 5, 2015.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo biography, World Economic Forum.
^ Charlene Oldham, "Let's Be Clear," Success Magazine, October 8, 2012.
^ [1], Sheila's blog.
^ "Weston resident named Henry Crown Fellow," WickedLocal, April 2, 2012.
^ "8 Harvard Business School Women who Founded Great Startups," Top MBA Connect.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Allison Rubin, "Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts Honors Sheila Lirio Marcelo as a Leading Woman," WestonPatch, September 16, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ Zach Davis, "13 Questions with Care.com CEO Sheila Marcelo," Tech Cocktail, August 17, 2012.
^ [2], Interview with Sheila.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Jana Kasperkevic, "Care.com's Founder Waited Five Years to Launch," Inc. Magazine, July 9, 2013.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ Jordan Graham, "Experts: Care.com IPO shows Boston’s Web savvy," Boston Herald, January 24, 2014.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ "The Moms who are Changing the World," Babble.com.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sets IPO share range at $14-$16; could raise up to $86M," Boston Business Journal, January 10, 2014.
^ Lisa Kassenaar, "Who Profits? Care.com Finds Sitters for Baby or Dad," Bloomberg, December 8, 2014.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ "Most Powerful Women Entrepreneurs: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Fortune Magazine, December 18, 2009.
^ Scott Kirsner, "The 10 most powerful women in Boston tech (plus 5 up-and-comers)," Boston Globe, February 8, 2012.
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Tech Luminary: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, November 16, 2012.
^ Cindy Atoji Keene, "Top innovators in Massachusetts," Boston Globe, May 19, 2013.
^ "Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2010 award winners in New England announced," Ernst & Young web site.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ Mark Shanahan and Meredith Goldstein, "Civil rights trailblazer Glendora Putnam honored," Boston Globe, June 30, 2013.
^ Jaime Zobel de Ayala, Wikipedia.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ "Filipina one of Harvard Business School’s outstanding alumni," Inquirer, August 28, 2014.
^ "Sheila Marcelo receives 'Pamana ng Pilipino' award," ABS CBN, December 5, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014
^ "Rundown of commencements at Mass. universities," Boston Globe, April 24, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo Biography, Mount Holyoke College.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Philippine Development Foundation, Commission on Filipinos Overseas.
^ Patricia Resende, "Mass. groups emphasize international collaboration with new programs," Boston Business Journal, April 22, 2013.
^ Kate Abbott, “How I Got Here: Care.com's Sheila Marcelo,” Bloomberg Businessweek, September 4, 2012.
^ "Web app startup ‘Orchestrack’ wins 1st Hack2Hatch," The Philippine Star, November 5, 2012.
^ Susan Johnston, "Care.com’s Sheila Marcelo on Building a Successful Consumer Website," VentureFizz, July 30, 2012.
^ 53. "Girl Empower: The NFTE Summer BizCamp Experience," Wellesley Patch, May 16, 2013.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sponsors biz plan contest for female entrepreneurs," Boston Business Journal, August 12, 2013.
^ “Our Mission,” WomenUp.org
^ LandIt, LandIt.com.
^ "Websites’ rivalry provides lesson about sharing strategy". Boston.com. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Scott Kirsner, "The Backstory: On Care.com, Sittercity, Entrepreneurs, and Entrepreneurs-in-Residence," Boston.com, November 23, 2009.







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sheila_Lirio_Marcelo&oldid=786901903"					
Categories: American businesspeopleHarvard Business School alumniHidden categories: Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using ethnicityArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 08:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Sheila Lirio Marcelo - Wikipedia






















 






Sheila Lirio Marcelo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sheila Lirio Marcelo



Marcelo in 2014



Born
1970 Philippines


Nationality
American


Education
Brent International School, Baguio


Alma mater
Mount Holyoke College, Harvard Business School/Harvard Law School


Occupation
Founder, Chairwoman & CEO


Known for
Care.com, WomenUp.org


Awards
Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award


Sheila Lirio Marcelo (born 1970) is a Filipino-American entrepreneur. She is the Founder, Chairwoman and CEO of Care.com, the world’s largest online destination for finding and managing family care.[1]
She is a Henry Crown Fellow with the Aspen Institute (Class of 2012)[2] and was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2011.[3] Marcelo is the youngest recipient of the Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award (2014)[4] and received an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from her alma mater, Mount Holyoke College.[5]
Marcelo is an active Filipino-American philanthropist supporting Filipinos and Filipino-Americans and is on the Board of Trustees of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation[6]), a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.
Biography[edit]
Marcelo was born and raised in the Philippines, growing up in an entrepreneurial household that was involved in a number of businesses from coconut mills to mango and banana plantations to transportation and coal production.[7] Part of her early childhood was spent in Houston with her five siblings.[8] When Marcelo was 11, she attended Brent International School in Baguio.
She graduated magna cum laude from Mt. Holyoke College with a degree in Economics and received M.B.A. and J.D. degrees, with honors and the Dean’s Award from Harvard University.[9] It was during her undergraduate years at Mt. Holyoke that Marcelo had her first child, Ryan;[10] her second son, Adam, was born right after graduating from Harvard Business School.[11][12] While attending Harvard she also spent 30 hours a week on community activities, worked on several campus businesses and provided consulting services for the design of Harvard’s Spangler center.[13]
Prior to founding Care.com, she served as a consultant at Monitor Company,[14] Pyramid Research and Putnam, Hayes & Bartlett,[15] a teaching fellow at Harvard Business School,[16] Vice President of Product Management and Marketing at Upromise, an online service helping families save money for college, Vice President and General Manager of TheLadders.com, an online service helping people find jobs and entrepreneur-in-resident in the Bosto n office of Matrix Partners.[17]
She currently lives in Weston, Massachusetts with her husband and two sons.[18][19]
Founder of Care.com[edit]
Marcelo’s initial care challenge came after she had her first child, Ryan.[20] She was a college student and immigrant, and didn't have family nearby as a support system.[21] While helping care for her second baby boy, her father suffered a heart attack and she struggled to find care for him, as well as child care for her two sons.[22] Marcelo realized there was a need in the market to help families find care. She waited five years to launch a startup because she wanted to get more operational and managerial experience and make sure her family was ready.[23]
Care.com, founded in 2006, addresses the unique care needs that each family faces through every stage of their lives - helping them select child care, senior care, special needs care, tutoring, pet care, housekeeping and more. The site includes prescreened profiles, monitored messaging, access to background checks, recorded references and educational information on the interviewing process.[24]
The company went public January 24, 2014.[25] From its founding in 2006 through August 2012, Care.com had raised more than $111 million in venture capital from investors, including LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman.[26] Marcelo is one of the few female technology entrepreneurs to raise more than $35 million in venture capital funding.[27] Today the site has more than 17.8 million members, spanning 16 countries.[28]
Accomplishments[edit]

External video




 PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo


Marcelo has appeared on several prominent news shows including NBC’s Today Show, CBS’s The Early Show and ABC News Now and in media outlets such as Forbes, Bloomberg and CNBC.com.[29]
She was named one of the top 40 entrepreneurs under 40 years of age by the Boston Business Journal (2009),[30] one of the 10 most powerful women entrepreneurs by Fortune Magazine (2009),[31] one of the 10 most powerful women in Boston Tech by The Boston Globe,[32] to The Aspen Institute’s 2012 Class of Henry Crown Fellows,[33] a "Tech Luminary Innovation All-Star" by the Boston Business Journal (2012),[34] and one of The Boston Globe's 100 Innovators of 2013.[35] In 2010, she received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award.[36] In 2011, Marcelo was awarded a Marshall Memorial Fellowship and named as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum.[37] In 2013, she was inducted into the Academy of Women Achievers by the YMCA.[38]) In 2014, Marcelo received the prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award, "for her achievements as founder, chairwoman and CEO of Care.com". She is the second Filipino alum, after Jaime Zobel De Ayala,[39] to be honored with this award.[40][41] Also in 2014, she was bestowed one of the highest honors for Filipinos, the Filipino Heritage Award or Pamana ng Pilipino from President Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines for her "excellence and distinction in the pursuit of [her] work or profession."[42][43] In April 2015, Marcelo received an honorary doctorate in humane letters from Mt. Holyoke College.[44]
A frequent speaker on women in technology and female entrepreneurship and leadership, Marcelo has spoken alongside President Obama at the White House Summit on Working Families (2014),[45] with global political and business leaders at The World Economic Forum (2013, 2015),[46] and to emerging female leaders at Harvard University (2013)[47] and CEOs at Northeastern University (2013).[48]
Non-profit and advisory work[edit]
Marcelo is a Board Trustee of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation),[49] a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.[50] She was a finalist judge for Harvard Business School's annual business plan competition in 2012 and was an adviser to the school’s Arthur Rock Center for Entrepreneurship.[51] In 2012, she was a mentor to the winning team in Hack2Hatch, a competition for entrepreneurs in the Philippines.[52]
Marcelo also launched WomenUp.org, an organization that aims to increase women’s role in the global economy by providing leadership training, mentorship and support to girls and women through every stage of their lives and careers.[53] In the summer of 2013, WomenUp partnered with Care.com and The Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE) to run a two-week leadership camp for 7th and 8th grade girls.[54] WomenUp and Care.com also sponsored a business plan competition for female entrepreneurs in August 2013.[55] Women Up has also held female leadership training programs in the United States, Brazil, and the Philippines.[56]
Marcelo also co-founded Landit.com, a website dedicated to help women seeking to move their career forward.[57]
Interviews and speeches[edit]

Women Up: Sheila Lirio Marcelo, World Economic Forum, April 2013
Sheila Lirio Marcelo Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America, May 2015
PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo, June 2015
Speech at the National Partnership for Women & Families Annual Luncheon, June 2015
Speech at APEC SME Summit, November 2015.

Controversy over idea for Care.com[edit]
While working as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Venture capital firm Matrix Partners, Marcelo met with the founders of Sittercity.com and Sitters.com, two existing websites for finding caregivers, in order to discuss a potential investment and bringing Marcelo in as CEO.[58] Matrix Partners did not invest in either firm and months later Marcelo would found Care.com.
Mike Cravens, the founder of Sitters.com, has alleged that Marcelo "used that information to jump-start Care.com". Anne Raimondi, a spokesperson for Matrix, responded that: “We can appreciate that the companies in question do not like competition, but we do not believe that their claims of unfair treatment are at all merited because both Sheila and we said from the earliest discussions with these companies that we were considering competitive options and not to share any information with us that they were not comfortable sharing.” [59]
References[edit]



^ Susan Caminiti, "Online Marketplace Helps Million Find Family Care," CNBC.com, June 3, 2014
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ Emily Harrison Weir, "Honoree Marcelo a ‘connections entrepreneur’," Mount Holyoke College, May 5, 2015.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo biography, World Economic Forum.
^ Charlene Oldham, "Let's Be Clear," Success Magazine, October 8, 2012.
^ [1], Sheila's blog.
^ "Weston resident named Henry Crown Fellow," WickedLocal, April 2, 2012.
^ "8 Harvard Business School Women who Founded Great Startups," Top MBA Connect.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Allison Rubin, "Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts Honors Sheila Lirio Marcelo as a Leading Woman," WestonPatch, September 16, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ Zach Davis, "13 Questions with Care.com CEO Sheila Marcelo," Tech Cocktail, August 17, 2012.
^ [2], Interview with Sheila.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Jana Kasperkevic, "Care.com's Founder Waited Five Years to Launch," Inc. Magazine, July 9, 2013.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ Jordan Graham, "Experts: Care.com IPO shows Boston’s Web savvy," Boston Herald, January 24, 2014.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ "The Moms who are Changing the World," Babble.com.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sets IPO share range at $14-$16; could raise up to $86M," Boston Business Journal, January 10, 2014.
^ Lisa Kassenaar, "Who Profits? Care.com Finds Sitters for Baby or Dad," Bloomberg, December 8, 2014.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ "Most Powerful Women Entrepreneurs: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Fortune Magazine, December 18, 2009.
^ Scott Kirsner, "The 10 most powerful women in Boston tech (plus 5 up-and-comers)," Boston Globe, February 8, 2012.
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Tech Luminary: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, November 16, 2012.
^ Cindy Atoji Keene, "Top innovators in Massachusetts," Boston Globe, May 19, 2013.
^ "Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2010 award winners in New England announced," Ernst & Young web site.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ Mark Shanahan and Meredith Goldstein, "Civil rights trailblazer Glendora Putnam honored," Boston Globe, June 30, 2013.
^ Jaime Zobel de Ayala, Wikipedia.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ "Filipina one of Harvard Business School’s outstanding alumni," Inquirer, August 28, 2014.
^ "Sheila Marcelo receives 'Pamana ng Pilipino' award," ABS CBN, December 5, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014
^ "Rundown of commencements at Mass. universities," Boston Globe, April 24, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo Biography, Mount Holyoke College.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Philippine Development Foundation, Commission on Filipinos Overseas.
^ Patricia Resende, "Mass. groups emphasize international collaboration with new programs," Boston Business Journal, April 22, 2013.
^ Kate Abbott, “How I Got Here: Care.com's Sheila Marcelo,” Bloomberg Businessweek, September 4, 2012.
^ "Web app startup ‘Orchestrack’ wins 1st Hack2Hatch," The Philippine Star, November 5, 2012.
^ Susan Johnston, "Care.com’s Sheila Marcelo on Building a Successful Consumer Website," VentureFizz, July 30, 2012.
^ 53. "Girl Empower: The NFTE Summer BizCamp Experience," Wellesley Patch, May 16, 2013.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sponsors biz plan contest for female entrepreneurs," Boston Business Journal, August 12, 2013.
^ “Our Mission,” WomenUp.org
^ LandIt, LandIt.com.
^ "Websites’ rivalry provides lesson about sharing strategy". Boston.com. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Scott Kirsner, "The Backstory: On Care.com, Sittercity, Entrepreneurs, and Entrepreneurs-in-Residence," Boston.com, November 23, 2009.







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sheila_Lirio_Marcelo&oldid=786901903"					
Categories: American businesspeopleHarvard Business School alumniHidden categories: Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using ethnicityArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 08:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Sheila Lirio Marcelo - Wikipedia






















 






Sheila Lirio Marcelo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sheila Lirio Marcelo



Marcelo in 2014



Born
1970 Philippines


Nationality
American


Education
Brent International School, Baguio


Alma mater
Mount Holyoke College, Harvard Business School/Harvard Law School


Occupation
Founder, Chairwoman & CEO


Known for
Care.com, WomenUp.org


Awards
Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award


Sheila Lirio Marcelo (born 1970) is a Filipino-American entrepreneur. She is the Founder, Chairwoman and CEO of Care.com, the world’s largest online destination for finding and managing family care.[1]
She is a Henry Crown Fellow with the Aspen Institute (Class of 2012)[2] and was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2011.[3] Marcelo is the youngest recipient of the Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award (2014)[4] and received an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from her alma mater, Mount Holyoke College.[5]
Marcelo is an active Filipino-American philanthropist supporting Filipinos and Filipino-Americans and is on the Board of Trustees of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation[6]), a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.
Biography[edit]
Marcelo was born and raised in the Philippines, growing up in an entrepreneurial household that was involved in a number of businesses from coconut mills to mango and banana plantations to transportation and coal production.[7] Part of her early childhood was spent in Houston with her five siblings.[8] When Marcelo was 11, she attended Brent International School in Baguio.
She graduated magna cum laude from Mt. Holyoke College with a degree in Economics and received M.B.A. and J.D. degrees, with honors and the Dean’s Award from Harvard University.[9] It was during her undergraduate years at Mt. Holyoke that Marcelo had her first child, Ryan;[10] her second son, Adam, was born right after graduating from Harvard Business School.[11][12] While attending Harvard she also spent 30 hours a week on community activities, worked on several campus businesses and provided consulting services for the design of Harvard’s Spangler center.[13]
Prior to founding Care.com, she served as a consultant at Monitor Company,[14] Pyramid Research and Putnam, Hayes & Bartlett,[15] a teaching fellow at Harvard Business School,[16] Vice President of Product Management and Marketing at Upromise, an online service helping families save money for college, Vice President and General Manager of TheLadders.com, an online service helping people find jobs and entrepreneur-in-resident in the Bosto n office of Matrix Partners.[17]
She currently lives in Weston, Massachusetts with her husband and two sons.[18][19]
Founder of Care.com[edit]
Marcelo’s initial care challenge came after she had her first child, Ryan.[20] She was a college student and immigrant, and didn't have family nearby as a support system.[21] While helping care for her second baby boy, her father suffered a heart attack and she struggled to find care for him, as well as child care for her two sons.[22] Marcelo realized there was a need in the market to help families find care. She waited five years to launch a startup because she wanted to get more operational and managerial experience and make sure her family was ready.[23]
Care.com, founded in 2006, addresses the unique care needs that each family faces through every stage of their lives - helping them select child care, senior care, special needs care, tutoring, pet care, housekeeping and more. The site includes prescreened profiles, monitored messaging, access to background checks, recorded references and educational information on the interviewing process.[24]
The company went public January 24, 2014.[25] From its founding in 2006 through August 2012, Care.com had raised more than $111 million in venture capital from investors, including LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman.[26] Marcelo is one of the few female technology entrepreneurs to raise more than $35 million in venture capital funding.[27] Today the site has more than 17.8 million members, spanning 16 countries.[28]
Accomplishments[edit]

External video




 PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo


Marcelo has appeared on several prominent news shows including NBC’s Today Show, CBS’s The Early Show and ABC News Now and in media outlets such as Forbes, Bloomberg and CNBC.com.[29]
She was named one of the top 40 entrepreneurs under 40 years of age by the Boston Business Journal (2009),[30] one of the 10 most powerful women entrepreneurs by Fortune Magazine (2009),[31] one of the 10 most powerful women in Boston Tech by The Boston Globe,[32] to The Aspen Institute’s 2012 Class of Henry Crown Fellows,[33] a "Tech Luminary Innovation All-Star" by the Boston Business Journal (2012),[34] and one of The Boston Globe's 100 Innovators of 2013.[35] In 2010, she received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award.[36] In 2011, Marcelo was awarded a Marshall Memorial Fellowship and named as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum.[37] In 2013, she was inducted into the Academy of Women Achievers by the YMCA.[38]) In 2014, Marcelo received the prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award, "for her achievements as founder, chairwoman and CEO of Care.com". She is the second Filipino alum, after Jaime Zobel De Ayala,[39] to be honored with this award.[40][41] Also in 2014, she was bestowed one of the highest honors for Filipinos, the Filipino Heritage Award or Pamana ng Pilipino from President Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines for her "excellence and distinction in the pursuit of [her] work or profession."[42][43] In April 2015, Marcelo received an honorary doctorate in humane letters from Mt. Holyoke College.[44]
A frequent speaker on women in technology and female entrepreneurship and leadership, Marcelo has spoken alongside President Obama at the White House Summit on Working Families (2014),[45] with global political and business leaders at The World Economic Forum (2013, 2015),[46] and to emerging female leaders at Harvard University (2013)[47] and CEOs at Northeastern University (2013).[48]
Non-profit and advisory work[edit]
Marcelo is a Board Trustee of the Philippine Development Foundation (formerly the Ayala Foundation),[49] a non-profit that works with the Philippine government on education, innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives.[50] She was a finalist judge for Harvard Business School's annual business plan competition in 2012 and was an adviser to the school’s Arthur Rock Center for Entrepreneurship.[51] In 2012, she was a mentor to the winning team in Hack2Hatch, a competition for entrepreneurs in the Philippines.[52]
Marcelo also launched WomenUp.org, an organization that aims to increase women’s role in the global economy by providing leadership training, mentorship and support to girls and women through every stage of their lives and careers.[53] In the summer of 2013, WomenUp partnered with Care.com and The Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE) to run a two-week leadership camp for 7th and 8th grade girls.[54] WomenUp and Care.com also sponsored a business plan competition for female entrepreneurs in August 2013.[55] Women Up has also held female leadership training programs in the United States, Brazil, and the Philippines.[56]
Marcelo also co-founded Landit.com, a website dedicated to help women seeking to move their career forward.[57]
Interviews and speeches[edit]

Women Up: Sheila Lirio Marcelo, World Economic Forum, April 2013
Sheila Lirio Marcelo Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America, May 2015
PandoMonthly Fireside Chat with Sheila Lirio Marcelo, June 2015
Speech at the National Partnership for Women & Families Annual Luncheon, June 2015
Speech at APEC SME Summit, November 2015.

Controversy over idea for Care.com[edit]
While working as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Venture capital firm Matrix Partners, Marcelo met with the founders of Sittercity.com and Sitters.com, two existing websites for finding caregivers, in order to discuss a potential investment and bringing Marcelo in as CEO.[58] Matrix Partners did not invest in either firm and months later Marcelo would found Care.com.
Mike Cravens, the founder of Sitters.com, has alleged that Marcelo "used that information to jump-start Care.com". Anne Raimondi, a spokesperson for Matrix, responded that: “We can appreciate that the companies in question do not like competition, but we do not believe that their claims of unfair treatment are at all merited because both Sheila and we said from the earliest discussions with these companies that we were considering competitive options and not to share any information with us that they were not comfortable sharing.” [59]
References[edit]



^ Susan Caminiti, "Online Marketplace Helps Million Find Family Care," CNBC.com, June 3, 2014
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ Emily Harrison Weir, "Honoree Marcelo a ‘connections entrepreneur’," Mount Holyoke College, May 5, 2015.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo biography, World Economic Forum.
^ Charlene Oldham, "Let's Be Clear," Success Magazine, October 8, 2012.
^ [1], Sheila's blog.
^ "Weston resident named Henry Crown Fellow," WickedLocal, April 2, 2012.
^ "8 Harvard Business School Women who Founded Great Startups," Top MBA Connect.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Allison Rubin, "Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts Honors Sheila Lirio Marcelo as a Leading Woman," WestonPatch, September 16, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ Zach Davis, "13 Questions with Care.com CEO Sheila Marcelo," Tech Cocktail, August 17, 2012.
^ [2], Interview with Sheila.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Beth Pitts, "Sheila Marcelo, Founder & CEO, Care.com, on Raising $111m," The NextWomen magazines, February 5, 2013.
^ Susan Chaityn Lebovits, "Tapping Web of caregivers," The Boston Globe, December 9, 2007.
^ Jana Kasperkevic, "Care.com's Founder Waited Five Years to Launch," Inc. Magazine, July 9, 2013.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ Jordan Graham, "Experts: Care.com IPO shows Boston’s Web savvy," Boston Herald, January 24, 2014.
^ "Citybizlist Interviews Sheila Marcelo, CEO, Care.com," CityBizList Boston, May 14, 2012.
^ "The Moms who are Changing the World," Babble.com.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sets IPO share range at $14-$16; could raise up to $86M," Boston Business Journal, January 10, 2014.
^ Lisa Kassenaar, "Who Profits? Care.com Finds Sitters for Baby or Dad," Bloomberg, December 8, 2014.
^ "40 under 40: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, October 5, 2009.
^ "Most Powerful Women Entrepreneurs: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Fortune Magazine, December 18, 2009.
^ Scott Kirsner, "The 10 most powerful women in Boston tech (plus 5 up-and-comers)," Boston Globe, February 8, 2012.
^ "Aspen Institute Names Sheila Lirio Marcelo as 2012 Henry Crown Fellow," Weston Patch, March 12, 2012.
^ "Tech Luminary: Sheila Lirio Marcelo," Boston Business Journal, November 16, 2012.
^ Cindy Atoji Keene, "Top innovators in Massachusetts," Boston Globe, May 19, 2013.
^ "Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2010 award winners in New England announced," Ernst & Young web site.
^ "Care.com and its Founder CEO Sheila Lirio Marcelo Raise $25 million in Venture Capital," News on Women, October 12, 2011.
^ Mark Shanahan and Meredith Goldstein, "Civil rights trailblazer Glendora Putnam honored," Boston Globe, June 30, 2013.
^ Jaime Zobel de Ayala, Wikipedia.
^ "Sheila Lirio Marcelo receives prestigious Harvard Business School alumni award," Asian Journal, August 28, 2014.
^ "Filipina one of Harvard Business School’s outstanding alumni," Inquirer, August 28, 2014.
^ "Sheila Marcelo receives 'Pamana ng Pilipino' award," ABS CBN, December 5, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014
^ "Rundown of commencements at Mass. universities," Boston Globe, April 24, 2014.
^ "White House Summit on Working Families - In Pictures," The Guardian, June 23, 2014.
^ Sheila Lirio Marcelo Biography, Mount Holyoke College.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Sheila Marcelo Biography, Aspen Institute.
^ Philippine Development Foundation, Commission on Filipinos Overseas.
^ Patricia Resende, "Mass. groups emphasize international collaboration with new programs," Boston Business Journal, April 22, 2013.
^ Kate Abbott, “How I Got Here: Care.com's Sheila Marcelo,” Bloomberg Businessweek, September 4, 2012.
^ "Web app startup ‘Orchestrack’ wins 1st Hack2Hatch," The Philippine Star, November 5, 2012.
^ Susan Johnston, "Care.com’s Sheila Marcelo on Building a Successful Consumer Website," VentureFizz, July 30, 2012.
^ 53. "Girl Empower: The NFTE Summer BizCamp Experience," Wellesley Patch, May 16, 2013.
^ Kyle Alspach, "Care.com sponsors biz plan contest for female entrepreneurs," Boston Business Journal, August 12, 2013.
^ “Our Mission,” WomenUp.org
^ LandIt, LandIt.com.
^ "Websites’ rivalry provides lesson about sharing strategy". Boston.com. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Scott Kirsner, "The Backstory: On Care.com, Sittercity, Entrepreneurs, and Entrepreneurs-in-Residence," Boston.com, November 23, 2009.







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sheila_Lirio_Marcelo&oldid=786901903"					
Categories: American businesspeopleHarvard Business School alumniHidden categories: Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using ethnicityArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 08:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
