

Philip A. Marineau: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 7:03 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of LNK Partners



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Philip A. Marineau  Partner, LNK PartnersAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 12 different industries.See Board Relationships70--
Background

		Mr. Philip A. Marineau, also known as Phil, is a Partner of LNK Partners since October 2008. Mr. Marineau joined LNK Partners on October 30, 2008 and focuses on investments in Packaged Goods and Consumer Products. He served as an Interim Chief Executive Officer of Shutterfly, Inc. from February 19, 2016 to June 14, 2016. Previously, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Levi Strauss & Co. from September 1999 to November 2006. From 1997 to 1999, he ... served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi-Cola North America at Pepsico, Inc. From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Marineau served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Dean Foods Company. From 1972 to 1996, he held a series of positions at The Quaker Oats Company, Inc. including the President and Chief Operating Officer from 1993 to 1996. He was employed at Golden Gate Capital. He has been a Director of Beachbody, LLC since December 11, 2012. He has been an Independent Director of Meredith Corporation since 1998. Mr. Marineau serves as Director of Global Consumer Acquisition Corp. and Arthur J. Gallagher, Co. He serves on the Advisory Boards of Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management and the Vietnam Veteran's Memorial Fund. He serves as a Director of Kaiser Permanente Inc., Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc., Georgetown University, the Holy Family Day Home and the American Institute of Public Service. He served as an Independent Chairman of Shutterfly, Inc. from May 2007 to June 21, 2016 and served as its Independent Director from February 6, 2007 to June 21, 2016. Mr. Marineau served as the Chairman and Director of Pete's Brewing Company since February 1997 and May 1996 respectively. He served as a Director of the Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy. He served as a Director of Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc., Ariat International, Inc., and Sioux-Preme Packing Co., Inc. He served as a Director of Levi Strauss & Co. since 1999 and Natural Food Holdings. He served as a Director of Western Liberty BanCorp. until December 2008 and Dean Foods since December 1996. He has over 34 years of operating experience and seven years of private equity experience in the consumer/retail sector. Mr. Marineau received Master's of Business Administration from Northwestern University in 1970 and Bachelor of Arts degree in History at Georgetown University in 1968.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
81 Main StreetWhite Plains, New York 10601United StatesPhone: 914-824-5900Fax: 914-824-5901
Board Members Memberships
DirectorKaiser Permanente Inc.DirectorKaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc.DirectorKaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.1998-PresentIndependent DirectorMeredith Corporation2012-PresentDirectorBeachbody, LLC
Education
MBA 1970Northwestern UniversityBA 1968Georgetown University
Other Affiliations
Ariat International, Inc.Levi Strauss & Co.Pepsico, Inc.Pete's Brewing CompanyBeachbody, LLCDean Foods CompanyShutterfly, Inc.Meredith CorporationKaiser Permanente Inc.The Quaker Oats Company, Inc.Sioux-Preme Packing Co., Inc.Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc.Northwestern UniversityGeorgetown UniversityKaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.Western Liberty Bancorp


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact LNK Partners, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Philip Marineau, Lnk Partners LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  




























Feedback





Philip "Phil" Marineau

Partner,
Lnk Partners LLC






Career History




Partner
Lnk Partners, PRESENT


Non-Exec Chairman/Interim CEO
Shutterfly Inc, 2/2016-6/2016


President/CEO
Levi Strauss & Co, 9/1999-11/2006


President/CEO
Pepsi Cola North America, 12/1997-9/1999


Chairman
Pete's Brewing Co, 2/1997-7/1998


President/COO
Dean Foods Co, 1/1996-10/1997


President/COO
Quaker Oats Co, 1/1993-10/1995


Exec VP/COO
Quaker Oats Co, 7/1992-1/1993


Exec VP:Grocery Products
Quaker Oats Co, 7/1991-7/1992


Exec VP:US Grocery Products
Quaker Oats Co, 7/1989-7/1991


Exec VP:Intl Grocery Products
Quaker Oats Co, 7/1988-7/1989


Exec VP:Grocery Specialties
Quaker Oats Co, 9/1987-7/1988


Pres:Grocery Specialties
Quaker Oats Co, 1985-9/1987


VP:Product Management & Foods
Quaker Oats Co, 10/1983-1985


VP:Product Mgmt & PET Foods
Quaker Oats Co, 10/1982-10/1983


Dir:Product Management
Quaker Oats Co, 1980-10/1982


Product Group Manager
Quaker Oats Co, 1978-1980


Brand Manager
Quaker Oats Co, 1974-1978


Marketing Asst
Quaker Oats Co, 1973-1974


Partner
Lnk Partners, 10/2008-UNKNOWN


Operating Partner
Lnk Partners, FORMER


President/COO
Dean Foods Co, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.lnkpartners.com






Corporate Information
Address:

81 Main Street
White Plains, NY 10601
United States


Phone:
1-914-824-5900


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.lnkpartners.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Northwestern University
MBA, 1970


Georgetown University
Bachelor's Degree, History, 1968








Memberships



Board Memberships




Fritz Inst


Board Member, PRESENT




Beachbody LLC


Board Member, PRESENT




Kaiser Permanente


Board Member, 4/2003-PRESENT




Meredith Corp


Board Member, 2/1998-PRESENT




Shutterfly Inc


Chairman, 5/2007-6/2016




Gbl Consumer Acquisition Corp


Board Member, 2007-12/2008




Shutterfly Inc


Board Member, 2/2007-5/2007




Levi Strauss & Co


Board Member, UNKNOWN-12/2006




Pete's Brewing Co


Chairman, 2/1997-7/1998




Dean Foods Co


Board Member, 12/1996-9/1997




Quaker Oats Co


Board Member, 9/1990-10/1995




Arthur J Gallagher & Co


Board Member, FORMER




Ariat Intl Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Natural Food Holdings


Board Member, FORMER




Georgetown University


Board Member, FORMER




Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc


Board Member, 4/2003-UNKNOWN




Kaiser Foundation Hospitals in


Board Member, 4/2003-UNKNOWN



Show More





Other Memberships




Golden Gate Natl Parks Conservancy


Board Member




Holy Family Day Home


Board Member




American Inst of Public Service


Board Member




Northwestern Univ Kellogg Schl of Mgmt


Board Member




Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund


Board Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data











































Shutterfly, Inc. Announces Resignation Of Philip Marineau From Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Shutterfly, Inc. Announces Resignation Of Philip Marineau From Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Jun 17, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













 




























































  Shutterfly, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFLY), the leading manufacturer and digital retailer of high-quality personalized products and services offered through a family of lifestyle brands, today announced that Philip Marineau will resign as chairman and from Shutterfly's Board of Directors following the company's annual shareholder meeting on June 21, 2016. Brian Swette, governance committee chair, will serve as interim chairman.  "It has been a pleasure to serve as chairman of the board and interim CEO. Over the last nine years, we have built tremendous management teams and strong brands that are well positioned for future profitable growth," said Phil Marineau. "During my tenure as interim CEO, I worked closely with the talented Shutterfly team. It was a rewarding experience both personally and professionally. With the arrival of Christopher North as CEO, I know that the leadership of the company is in good hands and have confidence that he and the team will continue to profitably grow the company and increase shareholder value. Knowing that Shutterfly is in good hands, it is time for me to move on."  "Throughout his long tenure as chairman, Phil has played a crucial role in building Shutterfly, Inc. to where it is today: a brand loved by customers, and the category leader with more than $1 billion in revenue," said Christopher North, president and CEO of Shutterfly Inc. "Most recently as interim CEO, Phil's leadership supported the company in continuing to achieve financial and operational objectives. On behalf of the entire Shutterfly team and the Board of Directors, I want to thank Phil for his many contributions and wish him all the best for the future."  The company has retained Spencer Stuart to manage the search process for filling open board seats including the chairmanship.  Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding Shutterfly's positioning for future growth. Shutterfly's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Factors that might contribute to such differences include, among others, economic downturns and the general state of the economy; changes in consumer discretionary spending as a result of the macroeconomic environment; the loss of sales partners for our products; our ability to expand our customer base, increase sales to existing customers and meet production requirements; our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and assets; our ability to retain and hire necessary employees, including seasonal personnel, and appropriately staff our operations; the impact of seasonality on our business; our ability to develop innovative, new products and services on a timely and cost-effective basis; consumer acceptance of our products and services; our ability to develop additional adjacent lines of business; unforeseen changes in expense levels; and competition and pricing strategies of our competitors, which could lead to pricing pressure. For more information regarding the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to our business in general, we refer you to the "Risk Factors" section of Shutterfly's most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and Shutterfly's other filings, which are available on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at www.sec.gov. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and Shutterfly assumes no obligation to update this information.  About Shutterfly, Inc.  Shutterfly, Inc. is the leading manufacturer and digital retailer of high-quality personalized products and services offered through a family of lifestyle brands. Founded in 1999, the Shutterfly, Inc. family of brands includes Shutterfly ®, where your photos come to life in photo books, cards and gifts; Tiny Prints ®, premium cards and stationery for all life's occasions; Wedding Paper Divas ®, wedding invitations and stationery for every step of the planning process; MyPublisher ®, one of the pioneers in the photo book industry and creator of easy-to-use photo book-making software; BorrowLenses ®, the premier online marketplace for photographic and video equipment rentals; and GrooveBook™, an  iPhone and Android app and subscription service that prints up to 100 mobile phone photos in a GrooveBook and mails it to customers every month. For more information about Shutterfly, Inc. ( SFLY), visit www.shutterflyinc.com.   



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Market Recon: We Need a Deal to Keep the Federal Government Humming
Some kind of spending deal will have to be in place by Saturday in order to avoid the mayhem.



Stephen Guilfoyle

Apr 25, 2017 7:03 AM EDT
























Week Ahead: Earnings Come in Thick and Fast in a Middling First-Quarter Reporting Season
Full-steam ahead for earnings season in the coming week as a range of industry leaders across a swath of sectors release their recent quarterly performances.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Apr 23, 2017 10:00 AM EDT
























6 Stocks Spiking Higher With Unusual Volume
Here's a technical look at how to play a number of stocks trending higher with strong volume.



Roberto Pedone

Feb 21, 2017 11:44 AM EST
























Rev's Forum: Increased Volatility Indicates a Market Turn Is Near
The "honeymoon is over" reporting is building a huge wall of worry.



Rev Shark

Feb 2, 2017 6:49 AM EST








































 











Trending


Walmart in Focus Amid 'Horrific' Human Trafficking Incident in Texas That Causes Nine Deaths


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Monday


Billionaire Mark Cuban: The Rise of Technology Will Cause a Lot of Unemployment


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

























 


Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  If I'm being rejected from one thing, it's really just the path redirecting me elsewhere to where I'm supposed to be. Amani Al-Khatahtbeh, Founder of MuslimGirl    










 


