    Stephen Markscheid | Quality Training Institute , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com
























Stephen Markscheid, independent director, China consultant
























































EXPERTISEBIOGRAPHYCONTACT


; ?
Finance | Strategy | Asia


Senior executive active in corporate finance, governance, M&A, restructuring


35 years of business involvement in Asia; a recognized China expert


Deep sector expertise in clean tech, healthcare, financial services


Extensive network of global contacts in banking, accounting, legal, private equity, venture capital.



Expertise



Governance

Oversight and control of management on behalf of public shareholders—corporate governance—is intrinsic to the checks and balances of a complex capitalist economy. In China this function has special importance. In recent decades, hundreds of Chinese firms have gained access to international capital markets, but with little experience in the discrete governance function. Steve is an early pioneer and a leading practitioner of corporate governance in a Chinese context.More on  GOVERNANCE…




Cross-Border Transactions

Since the opening of China to the West in the late 1970s, Chinese firms have aggressively pursued alliances with Western partners to supplement gaps in technology, market access, funding and management skill. Both private and state-owned Chinese firms now actively pursue opportunities to acquire American and European companies. Steve represents buyers and sellers in executing these transactions.More on CROSS-BORDER TRANSACTIONS…




Consulting

Firms often require an independent view of their plans, aspirations and strategies. To mitigate risk and enhance success for a given strategy, an external consultant can effectively advance decision-making and implementation. Operating beyond the home market adds challenges and complexity.More on  CONSULTING…




Sharing Knowledge

Teaching and lecturing establish the foundation for better business. With over 35 years of experience in Asia, Steve’s insights are regularly sought by business leaders.More on 	 SHARING KNOWLEDGE…




Investor/Advisor

Start-up enterprises face unique challenges. While initial barriers to starting a company have fallen dramatically, the failure rate of these companies remains stubbornly high. One key ingredient is seasoned management experience, including an advisory board with deep expertise and access to collaboration partners.More on  INVESTOR/ADVISOR…











BIOGRAPHY

Stephen Markscheid

STEPHEN MARKSCHEID is a senior executive and corporate director concentrated in mergers and acquisitions and other financial transactions, corporate governance, and consulting.
During his time with GE Capital (1998-2006), Steve led business development activity—primarily acquisitions and direct investments—in China and Asia Pacific. Prior to GE, Steve worked with the Boston Consulting Group throughout Asia. Steve was also a commercial banker for ten years in London, Chicago, New York, Hong Kong and Beijing with Chase Manhattan Bank and First National Bank of Chicago. He began his career with the US-China Business Council, in Washington D.C. and Beijing.
Steve holds an M.B.A. from Columbia University, where he was class valedictorian and member of Beta Gamma Sigma. He earned his master’s degree in international affairs at Johns Hopkins SAIS and his B.A. in East Asian studies at Princeton University. He is a trustee of Princeton-in-Asia. Besides his native English, Steve is fluent in Chinese and conversant in Japanese and French.
Steve lived and worked in Asia for 20 years, including China, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Thailand. He now resides with his wife, Veronique, and three children in suburban Chicago.
Click here for Steve’s full resume.
Contact Steve

+1-312-376-7888
+86-1362-108-7140
+852-5480-6345
skype: maxueli1










Name (required)
 
Email (required)
 
Subject
 
MessagePlease leave this field empty.
 
Do math to prove that you're human!
9 x 1 = ? Please leave this field empty.



©   Stephen Markscheid

Sharing Knowledge
	Steve frequently instructs and lectures to business organizations, corporations, schools and universities. Primary topics include China, M&A, and corporate governance. He was a professor at Lake Forest Graduate School of Management. 
Recent engagements include:
Columbia School of Business
University of Chicago Booth Graduate School of Business
Topics:

Chinese business practice
Chinese corporate governance
Influence without authority
Global business and cultural diversity 


Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago


University of Chicago Booth Graduate School of Business


University of Chicago Law School


Stevens Institute of Technology


Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management


Midwest Energy and Sustainability Leadership Alliance


Shanghai Ocean University


Business Today


China Foresee


Midwest Energy International Symposium


China Executive Club


Lake Forest Graduate School of Management


Clean Energy Trust


Transactions
	Key services include (i) opportunity assessment; (ii) business development; (iii) transaction execution; and (iv) post-acquisition integration. Steve is particularly active in cleantech, healthcare and financial services. He works closely with the following companies:


DealGlobe


CDI Global


NAI Club


Mammoth IN


Medical Solutions International, Inc


Cathay Capital Strategies


Blue Bridge Gas



GovernanceSteve has served as an independent director and audit committee member (or chair) of six U.S.-listed Chinese companies. In this role, he has a fiduciary responsibility to represent the interests of public shareholders and exercise oversight of company management. As audit committee chair, Steve engages external auditors and supervises internal audit staff. Delaware’s Chancery Court appointed Steve receiver of China Clean Energy, Inc. (OTC: CCGY). Steve was engaged by the receiver of Sino-Clean Energy (OTC: SCEI) and appointed General Manager of Tongchuan Suoke, SCEI’s Chinese subsidiary.

Jinko Solar
Minyang Wind Power
CNinsure
ChinaCast Education
China Clean Energy Inc.
Princeton in Asia
China Integrated Energy
Asian Capital
Mandarin Environment


Investor/Advisor
Steve is an investor in several early-stage companies and private equity funds, and serves as advisor to these firms:

Emerald Hill Capital Partners
Kearsarge Energy
Seedsprint
LINKQLO
slowvoice
Synergenz
Intelligent Generation
Bridger Intelligence


Consulting
	Steve provides management consulting services to a wide range of corporate clients, collaborating with the following consulting firms:


10EQS Answers


Gaofeng Advisors


InterChina Consulting


Monogram Group


Cartus


IOR World


QTI


Cornerstone China Advisors



Professional Services:

Market entry strategy
Strategic partnership
Strategic planning
Business development


Industry Expertise:

Renewable energy
Clean tech
Health care
Financial services
Consumer
Real estate







Copyright © 2017  Stephen Markscheid
Copyright © 2017  Stephen Markscheid
—
 — follow on 
FB
TW
LI
LI
LI
|




x	
	







需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




Stephen Markscheid: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 10:39 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Synergenz BioScience, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Stephen   Markscheid  Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Hong Kong Unit, Synergenz BioScience, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 7 Board Members in 7 different organizations across 13 different industries.See Board Relationships63--
Background

		Mr. Stephen Markscheid, also known as Steven, is a Partner of Wilton Partners, a Shanghai-based financial advisory firm. Mr. Markscheid serves as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Hong Kong Unit at Synergenz BioScience, Inc. He has more than 30 years of experience working in the U.S., Asia and Europe, with expertise in a wide range of sectors including clean tech. He was also a commercial banker for 10 years in London, Chicago, New York, Hong ... Kong and Beijing with Chase Manhattan Bank and First National Bank of Chicago. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of HuaMei Capital Company, Inc. from 2006 to 2007. He served as Senior Vice President for Global Risk at GE HFS Holdings, Inc. He served as Director of Business Development at GE Capital Global Holdings, LLC. He served as Consultant at The Boston Consulting Group, Inc. He served as Vice President of First Chicago Bancorp, Inc. He was employed at J.P. Morgan Bank, S.A. From 2003 to 2006, he served as Senior Vice President of Global Risk of GE Healthcare Financial Services. From 2001 to 2002, he served as a Director of Business Development at General Electric Capital Corporation (also known as: GE Capital) in both Beijing and Singapore. He also has held consulting, consumer and corporate finance positions for Chinese and global clients at Boston Consulting Group, First Chicago Bank and Chase Manhattan Bank. He has been an Independent Director of Ener-Core, Inc. since June 29, 2016. He serves as an Independent Director of Jinko Solar, Inc. He has been an Independent Director of China Ming Yang Wind Power Group Limited since June 2011, Fanhua Inc. since August 2007 and China Integrated Energy, Inc. since April 28, 2011. He has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of Asian Capital Holding Limited since June 18,2016. He has been an Independent Director of JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd. since September 15, 2009. He serves as a Non-Executive Director of ChinaCast Education Corporation. He also serves on the Advisory Boards of Clean Energy Trust, Kearsage Energy and Intelligent Generation. He served as an Independent Director of China Energy Corp. from June 2010 to July 11, 2012. He also serves on the Investment Committees of two separate Hong Kong-based private equity funds, Emerald Hill Capital Partners and Pacific Alliance China Growth Fund. He serves as a Trustee of Princeton-in-Asia, a non-profit service organization. Mr. Markscheid holds an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University, an M.A. degree in International Affairs & Economics from Johns Hopkins University and a B.A. degree in East Asian Studies from Princeton University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1718 Sherman AvenueEvanston, Illinois 60201United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Non-Executive DirectorChinaCast Education Corporation2007-PresentIndependent DirectorFanhua Inc.2009-PresentIndependent DirectorJinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd.2011-PresentIndependent DirectorChina Integrated Energy, Inc.2011-PresentIndependent DirectorChina Ming Yang Wind Power Group Limited2016-PresentIndependent Non-Executive DirectorZZ Capital International Limited2016-PresentIndependent DirectorEner-Core, Inc.
Education
MBA 1991Columbia UniversityBA 1976Princeton UniversityMA 1980Johns Hopkins University
Other Affiliations
The Boston Consulting Group, Inc.GE Capital Global Holdings, LLCColumbia UniversityFirst Chicago Bancorp, Inc.Princeton UniversityJohns Hopkins UniversityChinaCast Education CorporationGE HFS Holdings, Inc.Emerald Hill Capital Partners, Ltd.China Energy CorporationJ.P. Morgan Bank, S.A.HuaMei Capital Company, Inc.Fanhua Inc.China Integrated Energy, Inc.JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd.ZZ Capital International LimitedChina Ming Yang Wind Power Group LimitedEner-Core, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Synergenz BioScience, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Stephen Markscheid | Ener-Core















































 





 (949) 616-3300
info@ener-core.com
 

 
 
 










 



Select Page


  
 
 







The Ener-Core Leadership Team


 







Stephen Markscheid
Independent Director
 
Stephen is a partner at Wilton Partners, a Shanghai based boutique investment bank.  He serves as non-executive director of CNinsure, Inc., Jinko Solar Inc., ChinaCast Education Corporation, and Asian Capital Holdings, Limited. Steve is also a trustee of Princeton-in-Asia.
 
From 1998-2006, Steve worked for GE Capital. During his time with GE, Steve led GE Capital’s business development activities in China and Asia Pacific, primarily acquisitions and direct investments. Prior to GE, Steve worked with the Boston Consulting Group throughout Asia. Steve was also a commercial banker for ten years in London, Chicago, New York, Hong Kong and Beijing with Chase Manhattan Bank and First National Bank of Chicago. His career began with the US-China Business Council, in Washington D.C. and Beijing.
 
Steve holds an MBA from Columbia University, an M.A. in International Affairs from Johns Hopkins SAIS, and a B.A. in East Asian Studies from Princeton University. He lived and worked in Asia for over twenty years, including China, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Thailand. Besides his native English, Steve is fluent in Chinese and conversant in Japanese and French. Steve lives with his wife, Veronique, and three children in suburban Chicago.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









Ener-Core Appoints Stephen Markscheid to Board of Directors - MFRTech




























































   









Home
Section









Featured
Latest News
Technology Trends




Manufacturing
Public Policy/Government





Your Business

New Products




Trade Shows

Videos









Submit News
Subscribe
Contact














Home
 Manufacturing
Ener-Core Appoints Stephen Markscheid to Board of Directors



Wednesday, July 26, 2017







Ener-Core Appoints Stephen Markscheid to Board of Directors



2016-07-06 12:26:55









IRVINE, Calif.--Ener-Core, Inc. (OTCQB:ENCR), the world’s only provider of Power Oxidation technology and equipment that generates clean power from waste and low-quality gases from a wide variety of industries, appointed Stephen Markscheid to its Board of Directors, effective immediately. This brings the total number of Ener-Core Board members to seven.
Mr. Markscheid is a corporate finance professional who brings to Ener-Core more than 30 years of experience working in the U.S., Asia and Europe, with expertise in a wide range of sectors including clean tech. He currently serves as a partner at Wilton Partners, a Shanghai-based financial advisory firm. He previously worked at GE Capital for eight years, where he led business development activity in China and Asia Pacific. Prior to GE, he worked with the Boston Consulting Group throughout Asia. He was also a commercial banker for 10 years in London, Chicago, New York, Hong Kong and Beijing with Chase Manhattan Bank and First National Bank of Chicago.
Mr. Markscheid serves as an independent director on the boards of Jinko Solar, Inc., the world’s largest solar panel manufacturer; CNinsure, China’s largest independent insurance broker; ChinaCast Education Corporation; and Asian Capital Holdings, Limited. He also serves on the advisory boards of Clean Energy Trust, a Chicago-based non-profit clean tech accelerator, Kearsage Energy, a Boston-based renewable energy developer, and Intelligent Generation, a renewable energy software company. Mr. Markscheid is a trustee of Princeton-in-Asia, a non-profit service organization. He earned an MBA from Columbia University, an MA from Johns Hopkins University and a BA from Princeton University.
Alain Castro, CEO of Ener-Core, said, “Stephen brings a tremendous amount of experience to Ener-Core and we are truly privileged to have him serve on our Board. His sterling track record in helping guide emerging clean tech companies make him a natural choice to help guide Ener-Core through the next phase of its growth, particularly now that we are licensing the manufacturing of our technology to partners. We look forward to him joining our team and contributing to our business through his wealth of knowledge and experience in the months and years ahead.”
Mr. Markscheid said, “I have been following Ener-Core’s business for the last three years and have been particularly impressed with how management executed a strategic conversion from an in-house manufacturer of relatively small 250 kW power systems to much larger and more profitable systems (2 MW). Now, with a new business model in which the sales and the manufacturing are licensed to globally recognized leaders such as Dresser-Rand and Siemens, Ener-Core is poised to benefit from a much faster route to profitability. With my experience as independent director of several US-listed renewable energy firms, I am well aware of what it takes for OEMs of alternative energy technology companies to grow into global leadership positions. I am excited about working with Ener-Core’s management team to continue executing on its business strategy.”
About Ener-Core
Irvine, California-based Ener-Core, Inc. (ENCR) designs, manufactures and has commercially deployed unique systems that generate base load, clean power from polluting waste gases including methane. Ener-Core's patented Power Oxidizer turns one of the most potent pollution sources into a profitable, "always on" source of clean energy. Ener-Core's technology offers an alternative to the flaring (burning) of gaseous pollution while generating operating efficiencies and reducing the costs of compliance with costly environmental regulations.
Ener-Core offers the 250kW Ener-Core EcoStation EC250 ("EC250") and the larger counterpart, the 2MW Ener-Core Powerstation KG2-3GEF/PO.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made under the Safe Harbor Provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Information provided by Ener-Core, Inc., such as online or printed documents, publications or information available via its website may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors, which, if they do not materialize or prove correct, could cause its results to differ materially from historical results, or those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including statements containing the words "planned," "expects," "believes," "strategy," "opportunity," "anticipates," and similar words. These statements may include, among others, plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations; any statements regarding proposed new products, services, or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. The information contained in this release is as of the date of this press release. Except as otherwise expressly referenced herein, Ener-Core assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. 












 





















Updated daily, mfrtech.com includes featured articles and manufacturing news, product releases, business expansions, acquisitions and business forecasts submitted by our visitors or authored by editorial staff.

Advertise With Us







Contact Us
Phone: 844-295-TECH (844-295-8324)
Email: sales@mfrtech.com
1890 Starshoot Parkway 170-316
                                Lexington KY 40509
Join with Us














© Copyright 2017 by MFRTech



Home
Sitemap
Submit News
Subscribe
Contact
Client Login

































需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017



需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


