


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Planning | UBS United States










































Advice. Beyond investing.









For some of life’s questions, you’re not alone





























Together we can find an answer
To make the right choices you need to ask the right questions. And because your life keeps changing, we keep on asking. Let’s have a conversation to discover where you are today and uncover new opportunities to pursue the future you want.
Advice for the life you lead
Advice that’s all about you and what you need is what UBS does best. It starts with a plan that we develop together—as part of a strategy for managing your wealth and pursuing your personal goals for every part of your life, at every stage of your life. It’s what we call: Advice. Beyond investing.









Plan





Access





Save





Borrow





Grow





Protect





Give











See what’s possible.







Planning is a discovery. It’s an ongoing conversation. And it’s an exploration of the possibilities your financial resources offer you, your family and your legacy.
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one.







Do more with what you have.







Can money be efficient? It can be if you take a strategic approach to managing cash and accessing funds as part of an overall financial plan. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







The future starts now.







One eye on today and one eye on tomorrow. Saving for what matters most is a foundation of sound financial planning. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







Make credit count.







How you borrow is as important to your financial life as what you have. Integrate both sides of your balance sheet and new opportunities emerge. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







Ready for opportunity.







Growth options are everywhere. But it takes a plan and a strategy to know which are right for you—and when to make your move. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







The unexpected is out there.







You can’t predict the future, but you can prepare. Like everything important, protecting your assets and your family takes care and planning. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







What you leave behind.







Estate planning can help ensure your assets will be there for those you love, and your legacy will reflect the person you are. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 
























Solutions





Please select



    Cash Management
				




    Concentrated Stock Solutions
				




    Education Planning
				




    Employee Retirement Plans
				




    Equity Compensation Plans
				




    Estate Planning
				




    Financial Planning
				




    Institutional Consulting Group
				




    Insurance and annuities
				




    Investment Advisory Programs
				




    Nontraditional Investments
				




    Research
				




    Retirement Planning
				




    Securities Backed Lending
				




    Solutions
				




    Specialized Executive Needs
				




    Traditional Investments
				




    UBS Credit and Debit Cards
				




    UBS Mortgage
				






























  





Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC

















Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC, Glastonbury,CT
We are a full service investment advisory 
firm providing portfolio management and financial 
planning services located in Glastonbury, CT.

Home
Client Center
Account Lookup
Stock Quotes
Web Resources
Problem Solvers
Our Services
Who We Are
ADV
Financial Briefs
Market Data
Disclosure
Contact Us







ADV








Firm ADV Disclosure Brochure











ADV

  ADV Part 2A-2017



 




 




Adobe 
                    Acrobat Reader
Microsoft 
                    Excel Viewer


Microsoft 
                    Word Viewer
Microsoft 
                    PowerPoint Viewer


With the free Adobe® Acrobat® Reader® 
                software, you can view and print Adobe Portable Document Format 
                (PDF) files. If you do not already have Microsoft® Word®, 
                Excel® or Power Point® installed on your computer, the 
                viewers enable you to view and print Word documents, Excel spreadsheets 
                and Power Point presentations. If you already have Word, Excel 
                or Power Point installed on your computer, you do not need to 
                download these viewers. To download any of these free programs, 
                click a link above.


 








�2017 Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC. All rights reserved.







Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC











	investment advisors, portfolio management, financial planning, investment advisers,
 personal financial specialist, investment managers, portfolio managers, financial,  advisor, employee benefit plans, tax planning, insurance analysis, executive compensation, fee-only, securities, 
 stocks, bonds, mutual funds, fixed income, asset allocation, insurance, 
Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC, Glastonbury,CT
	












Markets
Stocks
Funds
Sectors
Tools
Treasury & Bonds


Overview
Market News
Currencies
International
Treasury & Bonds




Search InvestCenter



Recent Quotes

View Full List



My Watchlist

Create Watchlist



Indicators

Dow Jones Industrial Average
Nasdaq Composite
Standard & Poors 500
NYSE COMPOSITE INDX
Gold
Crude Oil


My Portfolio






















Market Indicators








Name
Price
Change
% Change


Nasdaq DAILY
6412.17
+1.37
+0.02%


S&P 500 
2477.13
+0.00
+0.00%


NYSE 
11965.72
+0.00
+0.00%


DJI DAILY
21613.43
+100.26
+0.47%


AMEX 
2575.58
+0.00
+0.00%


10Y Yield DAILY
2.337
+0.01
+0.52%


30Y Yield DAILY
2.917
+0.01
+0.31%


1Y Yield DAILY
1.252
+0.00
+0.00%


SPDR GOLD 
118.92
-0.39
-0.33%


OPEC Oil 
46.01
-0.98
-2.09%













Most Active Stocks
Full List




Symbol
Change (%)
$ Volume



BTI 

-0.04 (-0.06%)
$7.24B



GOOGL 

-29.28 (-2.93%)
$5.75B



GOOG 

-29.64 (-3.02%)
$4.43B



MGM 

+0.28 (0.82%)
$3.09B



AAPL 

+0.65 (0.43%)
$2.88B








Gainers (% change)
Full List




Symbol
Price
% Change
Volume



IVC 

15.95
+26.09%
3,333,020



QBAK 

11.66
+23.39%
333,861



CGEN 

4.050
+19.12%
402,878



ALT 

2.900
+18.37%
146,582



DLA 

21.11
+17.28%
12,506







Losers (% change)
Full List




Symbol
Price
% Change
Volume



CUR 

2.810
-49.64%
3,503,892



TISI 

15.50
-34.87%
6,936,062



NVAX 

1.100
-27.15%
34,034,442



SNES 

2.800
-23.37%
286,104



STX 

33.20
-16.50%
35,475,705







World Markets
More




Index
Price
Change
% Change






FTSE

7,434.82
+57.09
+0.77%






CAC

5,161.08
+33.38
+0.65%






DAX

12,264.31
+55.36
+0.45%






NIKKEI

19,955.20
-20.47
-0.10%






HSI

26,852.05
+5.22
+0.02%






ASX

5,775.30
+37.30
+0.65%






S&P/TSX

15,202.37
+73.68
+0.49%






MerVal

-
+0.00
0.00%







Currencies
More Currencies






Euro to Dollar
1 to 1.164








Dollar to Yen
1 to 111.9245








GBP to Dollar
1 to 1.3017








Dollar to CAD
1 to 1.2515











Market Summary
Previous




Higher close on strong gain in consumer confidence
July 25, 2017

Strong gain in consumer confidence boosted the markets to a higher close with the Dow soaring 100 points to 21,613. Nasdaq added a point to 6,412. Read More
TICKERS    
   COMP
DJI
NDX
NYA










Financial Market News
More News




Wabtec disappoints
July 25, 2017

Wabtec (NYSE: WAB) disappointed with lower second quarter earnings that fell short of expectations. The stock price plummeted $8.47 to close at $78.48.... Read More



Earnings climb for AK Steel
July 25, 2017

AK Steel Holding Corp. (NYSE: AKS) reported sharply higher earnings for the second quarter lifting the stock price 75 cents to close at $6.78. ... Read More



Freeport-McMoRan swings to profit
July 25, 2017

Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (NYSE: FCX) reversed year ago losses to post a profit for the second quarter. The stock price climbed $1.91 to close at $14.87.... Read More





Business News
More Business News




USTR Lighthizer: Trump challenging China's industrial policies - radio interview
Today  0:58 EDT

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. trade negotiator said late on Tuesday that President Donald Trump is determined to challenge China's use of unfair subsidies and "non-economic" industrial policy to... Read More



Australian watchdog takes Ford local unit to court over transmission complaints
July 25, 2017

(Reuters) - Australia's consumer watchdog said on Wednesday it has started court proceedings against Ford Motor Co's local unit, accusing the company of engaging in misleading or deceptive conduct when... Read More



Asia stocks inch up, dollar steadies as investors await Fed clues
July 25, 2017

TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian stocks edged up early on Wednesday after Wall Street indexes notched record highs, while the dollar was steady as investors awaited the Federal Reserve's policy decision later... Read More





US News
More US News




Father of Australian tennis star arrested on child sex charges
July 25, 2017

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The father of retired Australian tennis star Mark Philippoussis was arrested on Tuesday at his San Diego home on suspicion of sexually abusing two children who he has been... Read More



Robert Durst unfaithful to wife before her disappearance, friend says
July 25, 2017

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Real estate scion Robert Durst and his wife were unfaithful to each other before she went missing in 1982, a friend of Durst said in court on Tuesday, in testimony that could be... Read More



Texas Senate votes to curb transgender access to public bathrooms
July 25, 2017

AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The Republican-controlled Texas Senate gave preliminary approval on Tuesday to a bill that restricts bathroom access for transgender people, endorsing a piece of legislation... Read More





International News
More Intl. News




Death toll in Mumbai building collapse rises to 17 as rescuers search rubble
July 25, 2017

MUMBAI (Reuters) - The death toll from the collapse of a four-storey building in the suburbs of India's financial capital, Mumbai, more than doubled overnight to 17 as rescuers removed debris searching... Read More



Trump warns 'emboldened' Iran to comply with nuclear deal
July 25, 2017

YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump issued a veiled threat against Iran on Tuesday, warning Tehran to adhere to the terms of a nuclear deal with world powers or else face "big, big... Read More



House approves new Russia sanctions, defying Trump
July 25, 2017

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to slap new sanctions on Russia, and force President Donald Trump to obtain lawmakers' permission before easing... Read More

























Stock Market JSON API provided by www.cloudquote.net
  Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. 
  By accessing this page, you agree to the following
Privacy Policy and 
  Terms and Conditions.
Press Release Service provided by PRConnect.
  
  Stock quotes supplied by Six Financial
 








Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC







Web Resources


 




Financial

  Sheptoff, Reuber & Company, P.C.
Certified Public Accountants


Financial News/ Research

  Fidelity Investments



 


DISCLOSURE:At certain places
        on this Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC Internet site, live 'links' to other
        Internet addresses can be accessed. Such external Internet addresses contain
        information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC. 
        Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC does not endorse, approve, certify, or control these external 
        Internet addresses and does not guarantee or assume responsibility for
        the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing
        of information located at such addresses. Use of any information obtained
        from such addresses is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken
        after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy, and
        timeliness. Reference therein to any specific commercial product, process,
        or service by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise
        does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring
        by Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC.


�2017 Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC. All rights reserved.










Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC Increases Stake in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL)

































  Notizie
                

President Trump says Yellen, Cohn are contenders for next Fed Chair 
IMF Predicts Nigeria's Economy to Outpace S/Africa's Economy in 2018 
EQT GP Holdings,'s (NYSE:EQGP) "Hold" Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus 
Insiders Are Selling - Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR) 
RBF Capital LLC Takes Position in News Corporation (NWSA) 
YouTube TV is now live, though only in five major American cities 
InterOcean Capital LLC Buys 33174 Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) 


























Notizia
Affari Cultura Scienza Sportivo Internazionale Salute Nazionale 




Affari
Cultura
Scienza
Sportivo
Internazionale
Salute
Nazionale


 


Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC Increases Stake in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL)
Paterniano Del Favero
Luglio 22, 2017



Condividere













During the same quarter previous year, the firm posted $0.70 earnings per share. S&P Research maintained Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) on Monday, November 2 with "Hold" rating. Gould Asset Mgmt Ca reported 5,016 shares. Verduin Patricia also sold $282,070 worth of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) on Wednesday, March 15. It has underperformed by 10.47% the S&P500.The move comes after 8 months positive chart setup for the $64.52B company. We have $77.86 PT which if reached, will make NYSE:CL worth $3.87B more.Since February 2, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 20 selling transactions for $17.03 million activity. Another trade for 14,000 shares valued at $932,999 was made by HUSTON JOHN J on Friday, February 10. KOGAN RICHARD J sold 8,000 shares worth $575,350.Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) shares saw a recent bid of $72.09 and 3.61M shares have exchanged hands in the recent trading session, yielding a -0.19% decline over the past week.CL price decreased -0.55% or $0.4 versus $72.49 at the end of the prior session. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Colgate-Palmolive from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating and set a $83.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 4th. SADOVE STEPHEN I sold $527,971 worth of stock. The business had revenue of $3.83 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.89 billion. Colgate-Palmolive has $88 highest and $65 lowest target. The stock's 50 day moving average price is $74.80 and its 200-day moving average price is $72.20. Colgate-Palmolive had 41 analyst reports since July 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel.Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday. Jefferies maintained it with "Hold" rating and $7700 target in Thursday, July 6 report. The firm has "Neutral" rating given on Friday, July 29 by UBS. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Colgate-Palmolive from a "sell" rating to a "hold" rating in a research note on Friday, March 24th. They set a "hold" rating and a $78.00 price target on the stock. Wells Fargo reinitiated the stock with "Market Perform" rating in Tuesday, November 15 report. The rating was downgraded by Citigroup to "Neutral" on Monday, January 30. Stifel Nicolaus maintained the shares of CL in report on Monday, January 30 with "Hold" rating.Investors sentiment decreased to 0.86 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.05, from 0.96 in 2016Q3. Rathbone Brothers Plc acquired 33,018 shares as Colgate (CL)'s stock rose 3.95%. State Board Of Administration Of Florida Retirement System reported 1.28 million shares stake. Valley Natl Advisers holds 0.02% or 670 shares. Nbt Bancorp N A Ny accumulated 0.85% or 75,528 shares. Orrstown Financial Services owns 2,725 shares or 0.18% of their USA portfolio. Allianz Asset Mngmt Ag stated it has 1.10 million shares or 0.06% of all its holdings. First Hawaiian Comml Bank reported 12,984 shares stake. It also upped Synopsys Inc (NASDAQ:SNPS) stake by 84,106 shares and now owns 932,772 shares. About shares traded. Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) has risen 6.23% since July 21, 2016 and is uptrending. 1,797 were accumulated by Blue Chip Prtnrs.Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) traded up 1.64% during trading on Friday, hitting $73.27. St Germain D J owns 3,425 shares or 0.03% of their U.S. portfolio. Soros Fund Limited Liability Corp holds 0.94% of its portfolio in Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) for 353,686 shares. Finemark Commercial Bank & Tru reported 29,631 shares or 0.16% of all its holdings. Brown Brothers Harriman And reported 91,605 shares. Colgate Palmolive Co now has $62.82 billion valuation. The Company, through its Hill's Pet Nutrition segment, manufactures pet nutrition products for dogs and cats with products marketed in over 80 countries across the world.Oral, personal and home care revenue slipped to $3.25bn, from $3.27 billion, missing consensus of $3.32 billion. It has a 28.8 P/E ratio. The Oral, Personal and Home Care product segment is operated through five geographic segments, which include North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Africa/Eurasia. State Street Corp is the second biggest holder with 61 million shares now valued at 4.43 B million whilst Fidelity Management and Research Company has 33 million shares valued at 2.40 B million.Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CL. Advantage Investment Management LLC bought a new position in Colgate-Palmolive during the fourth quarter worth $104,000. Pfizer Inc (NYSE:PFE) was reduced too. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. Therefore 60% are positive. Facebook had 136 analyst reports since July 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The rating was upgraded by Craig Hallum on Thursday, December 8 to "Buy". The firm earned "Neutral" rating on Monday, May 2 by Goldman Sachs. As per Friday, June 9, the company rating was maintained by Jefferies.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.

 




Altre relazioni OverNewsmagazine 







Global Eagle Entertainment Inc (NASDAQ:ENT) Lifted to "Buy" at BidaskClub









22 Luglio 2017




U.S.  to withhold funds from Pakistan over failure to fight Taliban









22 Luglio 2017




Brandon McCarthy honors Linkin Park singer with special walk-up song











22 Luglio 2017




Defend Europe, la nave anti migranti dei fascisti fermata senza documenti









22 Luglio 2017




Cacciari: "Sorrentino fa film su Berlusconi? Patetico"







Three Palestinians reportedly killed amid clashes over Jerusalem shrine











22 Luglio 2017




Police searched properties in Sutton and Merton before finding Kingston murder victim









22 Luglio 2017




Geoff Johns Offers Insight Into Doomsday Clock At San Diego Comic-Con









22 Luglio 2017




Bolt wins final 100m outing before World Championships











22 Luglio 2017




Philippines' Duterte says he'll never visit 'lousy' America









22 Luglio 2017




Developer Mohamed Hadid sentenced for unpermitted Bel Air megamansion









22 Luglio 2017




Ascential PLC (ASCL) Receives GBX 357.57 Consensus Price Target from Analysts









Recenti News Articoli


 
Legendary Pokemon Announced for Pokemon GO




 
Report faults slain Georgia prison guards for inmate escape from prison bus




 
Syrian rebels and militants fight for crossing into Turkey




Discuti questo articolo








 PIÙ POPOLARE OverNewsmagazine




Mariners send top prospect O'Neill to Cardinals for Gonzales



Crash, fire shut down I-85 in Warren County



Razer reportedly developing a smartphone for 'hardcore gamers'



At British Open, Caddie Hands Rory McIlroy a Spark


IL  unemployment rate up slightly despite job growth


Kentucky found liable for legal fees over same-sex marriage suit


Watch the underground groundbreaking



Australian woman 'didn't have to die': Minneapolis police chief



EastEnders legend set to make SHOCK return in tonight's episode



Celtic to close Green Brigade section for two games







SEGUI I NOSTRI GIORNALE











ULTIME NOTIZIE OverNewsmagazine



 
President Trump says Yellen, Cohn are contenders for next Fed Chair


IMF Predicts Nigeria's Economy to Outpace S/Africa's Economy in 2018


EQT GP Holdings,'s (NYSE:EQGP) "Hold" Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus


Insiders Are Selling - Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR)


RBF Capital LLC Takes Position in News Corporation (NWSA)


Ambuja Cements reports 2Q sales rise


Best Known Analyst's Ratings for: JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU)


Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE:NEM) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows


Delta Air Lines, Inc — Shares in Focus


All diesel and petrol cars 'to be banned in United Kingdom by 2040'







ALTRE NOTIZIE


Scienza
Cultura
Affari









In March, Sessions  recused himself  from the Russian Federation  inve...








Nella giornata di oggi, il dg bianconero  Beppe Marotta  e il diesse  ...








Qui di seguito riportiamo il comunicato stampa di  Ubisoft  in version...









Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and so...









The Indian arm of London-listed energy major  Vedanta  Resources had p...












The book was written by retired military doctor Vejay Ramlakan, who tr...









The clip reportedly opened with  Chadwick Boseman's  T'Challa arriving...









The night's special guest judge, DJ Khaled , was even more impressed, ...









Cortés, who ran  Fox News Latino until it was shut down  in December o...








The institutional investor held 185,199 shares of the consumer service...












This both communicates to traders that it is the CPI first and foremos...









The updated World Economic Outlook report, which came days after  Chin...








Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc.'s holdings in  EQT  Corpora...








A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on  MLHR  share...









Oakbrook Investments LLC's holdings in News Corporation were worth $63...
























© 2017 overnewsmagazine.com, OverNewsmagazine




Sportivo
Scienza
Cultura
Affari


Nazionale
Salute
Internazionale





Edizione

Contatti















Bibey Post | 														







 













 





















































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News








Latest Headlines





Euclid Advisors Decreased By $466,200 Its Icon Plc (ICLR) Stake, River and Mercantile Group PLC (LON:RIV) Had 2 Analysts Last Week
Hazel Jackson
Euclid Advisors Llc decreased Icon Plc (ICLR) stake by 67.87% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Euclid Advisors Llc sold 6,216 shares as Icon Plc (ICLR)’s stock rose 5.08%. The Euclid Advisors Llc holds 2,943 (more…)




Virtus Investment Advisers Has Boosted Lincoln Natl Ind (LNC) Holding; Takung Art (NYSEMKT:TKAT) SI Decreased By 58.33%
Vivian Park
Takung Art (NYSEMKT:TKAT) had a decrease of 58.33% in short interest. TKAT’s SI was 500 shares in July as released by FINRA. Its down 58.33% from 1,200 shares previously. With 2,500 avg volume, 0 days (more…)


Fdx Advisors Has Raised Its Nucor Com (NUE) Stake, Last Week Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) Coverage
Peter Erickson
Among 8 analysts covering Scorpio Bulkers (NYSE:SALT), 6 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 1 Hold. Therefore 75% are positive. Scorpio Bulkers had 20 analyst reports since July 29, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. (more…)




Compton Capital Management Upped Honeywell International (HON) Stake By $870,550; Profile of 1 Analysts Covering Columbia Banking System (COLB)
Nikko Asset Management Americas Raised Entergy (ETR) Holding; 3I GROUP ORDINARY (TGOPF) Sellers Increased By 1.75% Their Shorts
Franklin Resources Has Cut Its Glaxosmithkline Plc (GSK) Stake, Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Shorts Decreased By 0.19%
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co Has Lifted Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position By $1.99 Million; Ack Asset Management Boosted Valmont Industries (VMI) Position
Pomelo Capital Has Boosted Its Navistar Intl New (Put) (NAV) Stake, Profile of 3 Analysts Covering Amerisur Resources plc (LON:AMER)
Eam Investors Increased Mueller Water Products  (MWA) Position, Teleflex (TFX) Shorts Up By 16.1%
Wexford Capital LP Cut Enlink Midstream Partners LP (ENLK) Holding; Connors Investor Services Has Lowered By $1.19 Million Its Nutrisystem (NTRI) Stake
Cheviot Value Management Has Upped By $789,820 Its Apple (AAPL) Stake; Tech Data (TECD) SI Increased By 3.78%
Sather Financial Group Lowered Its Exxon Mobil (XOM) Holding; Toronto Dominion Bank Ont (TD) Shorts Raised By 8.25%
Perritt Capital Management Upped Innerworkings (INWK) Stake; Tracon Pharmaceuticals (TCON) Shorts Down By 2.62%
Ajo LP Has Lifted By $489,468 Its Independent Bank (IBCP) Stake, Herald Investment Management LTD Has Raised Its Radisys (RSYS) Position
Venbio Select Advisor Has Increased By $1.92 Million Its Neurocrine Biosciences (NBIX) Stake, Phocas Financial Has Cut First Industrial Rlty (FR) Stake By $9.79 Million
Park Presidio Capital Lowered Level 3 Communications (LVLT) Holding By $13.72 Million, Jackson Square Partners Upped Dineequity Com Stk (DIN) Position
Geode Capital Management Has Boosted Its United Therapeutics De Com (UTHR) Holding, Hallmark Capital Management Has Boosted Wal (WMT) Holding By $1.10 Million
Broadview Advisors Decreased Zebra Technologies (ZBRA) Position By $2.02 Million, Bank of Hawaii (BOH) Had 0 Analysts Last Week
Zpr Investment Management Has Decreased By $7.71 Million Its Pc Connection (PCCC) Position; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries L (TARO) SI Increased By 7.47%
Southeastern Asset Management Lowered Everest Re Group LTD  (RE) Position, State Of Wisconsin Investment Board Has Lowered By $519,584 Its Perkinelmer (PKI) Position
Solus Alternative Asset Management LP Decreased Its Visteon (VC) Position, Principal Financial Group Has Trimmed Fluor New (FLR) Stake
Cemtrex (CETX) Reaches $3.45 After 4.00% Down Move; Transact Tech (TACT) Shorts Increased By 42.17%






 





Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Euclid Advisors Decreased By $466,200 Its Icon Plc (ICLR) Stake, River and Mercantile Group PLC (LON:RIV) Had 2 Analysts Last Week


Virtus Investment Advisers Has Boosted Lincoln Natl Ind (LNC) Holding; Takung Art (NYSEMKT:TKAT) SI Decreased By 58.33%


Fdx Advisors Has Raised Its Nucor Com (NUE) Stake, Last Week Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) Coverage


Compton Capital Management Upped Honeywell International (HON) Stake By $870,550; Profile of 1 Analysts Covering Columbia Banking System (COLB)


Nikko Asset Management Americas Raised Entergy (ETR) Holding; 3I GROUP ORDINARY (TGOPF) Sellers Increased By 1.75% Their Shorts


Franklin Resources Has Cut Its Glaxosmithkline Plc (GSK) Stake, Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Shorts Decreased By 0.19%


Brown Brothers Harriman & Co Has Lifted Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position By $1.99 Million; Ack Asset Management Boosted Valmont Industries (VMI) Position


Pomelo Capital Has Boosted Its Navistar Intl New (Put) (NAV) Stake, Profile of 3 Analysts Covering Amerisur Resources plc (LON:AMER)


Eam Investors Increased Mueller Water Products  (MWA) Position, Teleflex (TFX) Shorts Up By 16.1%


Wexford Capital LP Cut Enlink Midstream Partners LP (ENLK) Holding; Connors Investor Services Has Lowered By $1.19 Million Its Nutrisystem (NTRI) Stake







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact














Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























mark sheptoff financial planning llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC operates as a financial services firm. The Company offers financial planning services and investment advice to individuals, high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations and corporations.




Corporate Information
Address:

703 Hebron Avenue
3rd Floor
Glastonbury, CT 06033
United States


Phone:
1-860-734-1090


Fax:
1-860-734-1095


Web url:
www.marksheptoff.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Mark A Sheptoff


Chief Compliance Ofcr/Mng Member







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC







Web Resources


 




Financial

  Sheptoff, Reuber & Company, P.C.
Certified Public Accountants


Financial News/ Research

  Fidelity Investments



 


DISCLOSURE:At certain places
        on this Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC Internet site, live 'links' to other
        Internet addresses can be accessed. Such external Internet addresses contain
        information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC. 
        Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC does not endorse, approve, certify, or control these external 
        Internet addresses and does not guarantee or assume responsibility for
        the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing
        of information located at such addresses. Use of any information obtained
        from such addresses is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken
        after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy, and
        timeliness. Reference therein to any specific commercial product, process,
        or service by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise
        does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring
        by Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC.


�2017 Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC. All rights reserved.












Sheptoff Mark Financial Planning Llc in Glastonbury, CT 06033 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Connecticut
» Glastonbury
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Sheptoff Mark Financial Planning Llc













Sheptoff Mark Financial Planning Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





703 Hebron Ave  Glastonbury, Connecticut 06033


(860) 734-1090
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Sheptoff Mark Financial Planning Llc is located at the address 703 Hebron Ave in Glastonbury, Connecticut 06033.  They can be contacted via phone at (860) 734-1090 for pricing, hours and directions.  Sheptoff Mark Financial Planning Llc specializes in Mergers & Acquisitions Consulting, Accident, Independent Contractors.  Sheptoff Mark Financial Planning Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Mark  Sheptoff, Owner or  go to www.marksheptoff.comSheptoff Mark Financial Planning Llc provides Auditing, Training, Direct Deposit to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Sheptoff Mark Financial Planning Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Sheptoff Mark Financial Planning Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Automobile Loans
, Tax Free Investments
, IRA Accounts
, Treasury Bonds
, Retirement Plans
, CDs
, Commercial Loans
, Certificates Of Deposit
, Employee Benefits
, Personal Loans



SERVICES


Wealth Management
, State Returns
, Estate Planning
, Auditing
, Business Accounting
, Account Inquiries
, Direct Deposit
, Card Replacement
, Transfer Funds
, Training


 BRANDS


Great Plains
, Peachtree
, Metlife
, Microsoft
, Prudential


 SPECIALTIES


Long-Term Care
, Independent Contractors
, Small Business Consulting
, Equipment Breakdown
, Sales Tax Issues
, Mergers & Acquisitions Consulting
, Children & Teens
, Investment Planning
, Accident
, Educational Savings Plans



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (860) 734-1090
Website: www.marksheptoff.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 4
Exact Sales Volume: 750000
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Financial Planning
Certified Public Accountants
Finance
Professional Services
Accounting, Taxes, Payroll & Bookkeeping
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Araca Investments Management


115 Quail Run  Glastonbury, Connecticut 06033




Strategic Partners LLC


39 New London Tpke Ste 31  Glastonbury, Connecticut 06033





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Mark  Sheptoff
Owner

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










﻿

























Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC Raises Stake in General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for General Dynamics Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor General Dynamics Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Brokerages Anticipate Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE:PII) Will Announce Earnings of $1.08 Per Share
Majesco Entertainment (COOL) vs. Sohu.com (SOHU) Head-To-Head Review
Head to Head Survey: Determine (DTRM) & Paylocity Holding Corporation (PCTY)
Head to Head Survey: Everest Re Group (RE) & RenaissanceRe Holdings (RNR)
Accenture PLC (NYSE:ACN) PT Raised to $135.00
Insider Buying: Henderson High Income Trust plc (LON:HHI) Insider Acquires 5,139 Shares of Stock
Nike, Inc. Expected to Earn Q2 2018 Earnings of $0.49 Per Share (NYSE:NKE)
Wells Fargo & Company Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Autoliv, Inc. (NYSE:ALV)
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy”
Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) Earns “Buy” Rating from Wells Fargo & Company
Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:MPWR) Position Increased by BlackRock Inc.
King Luther Capital Management Corp Buys 4,546 Shares of Kroger Company (The) (NYSE:KR)
Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) Shares Bought by KCG Holdings Inc.
BlackRock Inc. Increases Stake in AptarGroup, Inc. (NYSE:ATR)
Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:AIT) Position Cut by KCG Holdings Inc.
Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) Shares Sold by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC
United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Sells 68,082 Shares of Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE:PII)
Packaging Corp Of America (NYSE:PKG) Shares Sold by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC
AtriCure, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATRC) Stake Boosted by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC
Amalgamated Bank Acquires 555 Shares of Perrigo Company (NYSE:PRGO)


 


Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC Raises Stake in General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments 

Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC boosted its position in General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 7,425 shares of the aerospace company’s stock after buying an additional 21 shares during the period. General Dynamics Corporation makes up 1.0% of Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 29th largest position. Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC’s holdings in General Dynamics Corporation were worth $1,390,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of General Dynamics Corporation by 0.7% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 608 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 4 shares during the last quarter. Pinnacle Bank bought a new stake in General Dynamics Corporation during the first quarter valued at approximately $126,000. Archford Capital Strategies LLC boosted its stake in General Dynamics Corporation by 74.2% in the fourth quarter. Archford Capital Strategies LLC now owns 810 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $139,000 after buying an additional 345 shares in the last quarter. Central Bank & Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of General Dynamics Corporation by 33.9% in the first quarter. Central Bank & Trust Co. now owns 872 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $164,000 after buying an additional 221 shares during the period. Finally, Norway Savings Bank boosted its position in shares of General Dynamics Corporation by 11.6% in the first quarter. Norway Savings Bank now owns 1,010 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $189,000 after buying an additional 105 shares during the period. 86.79% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get General Dynamics Corporation alerts:



Shares of General Dynamics Corporation (GD) traded down 0.60% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $199.94. 843,223 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $199.65 and a 200-day moving average of $188.69. The company has a market cap of $60.34 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.05 and a beta of 0.72. General Dynamics Corporation has a one year low of $140.87 and a one year high of $205.17. 




General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The aerospace company reported $2.48 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.32 by $0.16. General Dynamics Corporation had a return on equity of 28.22% and a net margin of 9.66%. The business had revenue of $7.44 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.70 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $2.08 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down .5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that General Dynamics Corporation will post $9.81 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 11th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 7th will be paid a $0.84 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 5th. This represents a $3.36 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.67%. General Dynamics Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 34.60%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC Raises Stake in General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD)” was first posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/17/general-dynamics-corporation-gd-stake-raised-by-mark-sheptoff-financial-planning-llc-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Royal Bank Of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and set a $220.00 price target on shares of General Dynamics Corporation in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. ValuEngine upgraded shares of General Dynamics Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $220.00 price objective on shares of General Dynamics Corporation in a report on Friday, July 7th. BidaskClub raised shares of General Dynamics Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Saturday, July 8th. Finally, Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $210.00 price target on shares of General Dynamics Corporation in a report on Monday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. General Dynamics Corporation has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $204.72.
In related news, VP Christopher Marzilli sold 43,890 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $201.37, for a total value of $8,838,129.30. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 107,857 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,719,164.09. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Lester L. Lyles sold 2,551 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $196.01, for a total value of $500,021.51. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 7,336 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,437,929.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 6.70% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
General Dynamics Corporation Company Profile
General Dynamics Corporation is a global aerospace and defense company. The Company offers a portfolio of products and services in business aviation; combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; information technology (IT) services and C4ISR (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance) solutions, and shipbuilding and ship repair. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for General Dynamics Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Dynamics Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC | Wealthminder











































Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC


Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC
(CRD# 108742) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Glastonbury, CT.
They
manage $233,712,039 in 1,132 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 0 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC




703 Hebron Ave 3rd Floor,
Glastonbury,
CT
06033
860-734-1090
http://www.marksheptoff.com




http://www.marksheptoff.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

234
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,132
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$206,459







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.











Financial Advisors at Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now






















Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,580  0.15%James OusleyPaul LidskyGreg Meland






World
US















Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameMark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLCSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 108 M Contact Details LocationGlastonbury, ConnecticutAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.marksheptoff.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Mark-Sheptoff-Financial-Planning-LLC and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Usi Advisors Glastonbury CT 0 Paradigm Advisory Services LLC Glastonbury CT 0 Briggs Wealth Management  LLC Glastonbury CT 0 Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LL Glastonbury CT 0 Symmetry Partners Glastonbury CT 0 Cook Pine Capital LLC Greenwich CT 0 Omega Financial Advisors  LLC Hartford CT 0 Whitney Holdings LLC New Canaan CT 0 Netfolio Inc. Greenwich CT 0 Savings Institute Bank & Trust Comp Willimantic CT 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets







































Services | Mark Sheptoff Financial Plnng Glastonbury, CT 06033 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeFinancial Planning Consultants near Glastonbury, CTMark Sheptoff Financial PlnngServicesMark Sheptoff Financial Plnng703 Hebron Ave Ste 3, Glastonbury, CT 06033(860) 734-1090View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishFinancial Services AccountingAccounting ServicesPlanningFinancial PlanningMark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC believes in flexibility. We will consider a wide range of investments before creating the portfolio we feel is best suited to your individual financial objectives.Asset ManagementInvestmentWealth ManagementMagazine in their annual survey of Independent Investment Advisors for 10 years, 2003-2011 as one of the Leading Wealth Management firms in the U.S. Also, recognized as a Top Registered Investment Advisor byInvestment ManagementKristi Chadwell joined Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC in 2013 after 30+ years in financial operations. She oversees and manages the daily operations of the firm. Her responsibilities include extensive client service and support, assisting with administrative issues relating to their relationship with the firm and Fidelity Investments. Kristi also is responsible for systems administration, our portfolio management software, Morningstar Office, and our custodian platform and client reporting through Fidelity WealthCentral.Mutual FundsMark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC is a Financial Planner and Registered Investment Advisor located in Glastonbury, Connecticut. We provide fee-only financial planning services and investment advice. We avoid potential conflicts of interest by working solely for you. We receive no compensation from third parties such as mutual fund or insurance companies, and we do not sell any financial products.TaxesTax PlanningEstate TaxesIncome TaxSend to PhoneMark Sheptoff Financial Plnng703 Hebron Ave Ste 3, Glastonbury, CT 06033(860) 734-1090Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailMark Sheptoff Financial Plnng703 Hebron Ave Ste 3, Glastonbury, CT 06033(860) 734-1090Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Planning | UBS United States










































Advice. Beyond investing.









For some of life’s questions, you’re not alone





























Together we can find an answer
To make the right choices you need to ask the right questions. And because your life keeps changing, we keep on asking. Let’s have a conversation to discover where you are today and uncover new opportunities to pursue the future you want.
Advice for the life you lead
Advice that’s all about you and what you need is what UBS does best. It starts with a plan that we develop together—as part of a strategy for managing your wealth and pursuing your personal goals for every part of your life, at every stage of your life. It’s what we call: Advice. Beyond investing.









Plan





Access





Save





Borrow





Grow





Protect





Give











See what’s possible.







Planning is a discovery. It’s an ongoing conversation. And it’s an exploration of the possibilities your financial resources offer you, your family and your legacy.
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one.







Do more with what you have.







Can money be efficient? It can be if you take a strategic approach to managing cash and accessing funds as part of an overall financial plan. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







The future starts now.







One eye on today and one eye on tomorrow. Saving for what matters most is a foundation of sound financial planning. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







Make credit count.







How you borrow is as important to your financial life as what you have. Integrate both sides of your balance sheet and new opportunities emerge. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







Ready for opportunity.







Growth options are everywhere. But it takes a plan and a strategy to know which are right for you—and when to make your move. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







The unexpected is out there.







You can’t predict the future, but you can prepare. Like everything important, protecting your assets and your family takes care and planning. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 







What you leave behind.







Estate planning can help ensure your assets will be there for those you love, and your legacy will reflect the person you are. 
Let’s keep talking. Connect with your UBS Financial Advisor or find one. 
























Solutions





Please select



    Cash Management
				




    Concentrated Stock Solutions
				




    Education Planning
				




    Employee Retirement Plans
				




    Equity Compensation Plans
				




    Estate Planning
				




    Financial Planning
				




    Institutional Consulting Group
				




    Insurance and annuities
				




    Investment Advisory Programs
				




    Nontraditional Investments
				




    Research
				




    Retirement Planning
				




    Securities Backed Lending
				




    Solutions
				




    Specialized Executive Needs
				




    Traditional Investments
				




    UBS Credit and Debit Cards
				




    UBS Mortgage
				






























  





Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC

















Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning, LLC, Glastonbury,CT
We are a full service investment advisory 
firm providing portfolio management and financial 
planning services located in Glastonbury, CT.

Home
Client Center
Account Lookup
Stock Quotes
Web Resources
Problem Solvers
Our Services
Who We Are
ADV
Financial Briefs
Market Data
Disclosure
Contact Us


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


