



Marquette Asset Management



































 






















Toggle navigation
















We work with you to build and protect your financial future. 



Learn more about our services 




We offer integrated wealth management services for individuals, families, and institutions.
 








 Headquartered in Minneapolis, we tailor our boutique services to meet your needs and goals. 

Our Firm
Independence, integrity, and objectivity, backed by decades of experience in financial services.
We manage the wealth of affluent individuals and families throughout the United States. 
Find out who we are and what we stand for								›






 We are part of UMB Financial Corporation, a diversified financial services holding company committed to integrity and service. 

Wealth Management
Personalized investment management, financial and estate planning support, and fiduciary services.
Our expert guidance begins with our initial meeting. We work with you to gain a thorough understanding of your overall situation, needs, expectations, beliefs, and goals. We employ objectivity and discipline to help you stay the course toward your long-term objectives.
Read about our wealth management services								›






 We listen carefully to understand your individual financial situation and allocate your portfolio accordingly. 

Asset-Class Investing
An objective, time-proven approach designed to smooth volatility and enhance total return.
Your asset allocation and diversification will be the primary determinants of your investment performance. Asset allocation focuses on how best to allocate among the broad categories of stocks, bonds, and cash. Within these broad categories, diversification considers which asset classes should be included in your portfolio and in what proportions. We allocate your assets to balance risk and potential reward in a way that best fits your particular situation.
Learn more about asset-class investing								›






 We develop a personalized Investment Policy Statement, our roadmap for managing your finances. 

Our Process
A process that reflects your risk tolerance, needs, goals, time horizon, and evolving circumstances.
We work with you to establish your portfolio and review it with you regularly to make sure your investments and financial plan stay on track.

Explore our process								›



















Leadership - Marquette Asset Management


































 






















Toggle navigation














The Firm Leadership Integrity, expertise, and commitment to our clients 





Our people bring professional experience, academic accomplishments, and dedication to our work with you.
We seek to build and maintain long-term client relationships. We work as a team to provide superior responsive service.






 



Chris Vernier President 
612-661-3787 Email ›  download vcf › 

						President responsible for the firm's overall strategic growth and development.						Read Chris Vernier‘s full biography +



Chris is the President of Marquette Asset Management.  He is responsible for the firm’s overall strategic growth and development.  In addition, he chairs the investment and management committees. Prior to being named President, Chris served as Managing Director at the company where he was responsible for client relationships, investment and trading. Chris is one of the founding members of the company.
Before joining Marquette, Chris spent five years with Knelman Asset Management Group LLC, where he was responsible for trading, performance reporting, account maintenance, technology, and systems. Previously, in a trading position at Eagle Capital Management, Chris was responsible for obtaining financing for a multi-billion dollar global bond portfolio and was instrumental in implementing an operations-based trading and accounting software system.
Chris received his bachelor’s degree from the University of St. Thomas, majoring in Finance and Accounting, and completed the Certified Public Accountant certification requirements.
 
Close biography 





 



Robert Rubenstein Managing Director 
612-661-3784 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Managing director who oversees financial activities the firm provides for clients and their families.						Read Robert Rubenstein‘s full biography +



Bob is a managing director of Marquette Asset Management. He oversees the financial activities the firm provides for clients and their families, including trust, private foundation, estate, retirement and agency account administration; coordination of income and estate tax planning; advisory services; and customized planning and analysis.
Bob has more than twenty-five years of experience in the field, beginning with personal trust administration and marketing positions with banks and broker-affiliated trust companies. Before joining Marquette Asset Management, he served as a senior vice president for U.S.Trust Company and was a member of U.S. Trust’s National Fiduciary Policy Committee.
Bob has a bachelor’s degree in Political Science from the University of Minnesota and a law degree from the University of Minnesota Law School. He chairs the Marquette Financial Companies Midwest Regional Charitable Giving Committee and sits on the endowment investment committees of the Jewish Federation of Greater St. Paul and the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy.
Proud residents of St. Paul, Bob and his wife Susan are blessed with wonderful family and friends and recently celebrated their 30th wedding anniversary. They enjoy their hobbies-Susan weaving and Bob drumming-and have fully adapted to their empty nest.
Close biography 





 



Jean Gullikson Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer 
612-661-3783 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Managing director and chief compliance officer who oversees the development and implementation of policies and procedures for the firm.						Read Jean Gullikson‘s full biography +



Jean is a managing director and chief compliance officer of Marquette Asset Management. She oversees the development and implementation of, and ongoing compliance with, policies and procedures designed to ensure that Marquette Asset Management meets its fiduciary obligations.
She is a member of Marquette’s management team and is responsible for a broad range of ongoing business administration and strategic initiatives. She oversees the firm’s financial reporting and budgeting processes. Jean also ensures that Marquette’s custody and reporting platforms meet our clients’ needs and fully comply with all regulatory requirements.
Jean also serves as the relationship manager for several key clients. In this role, she ensures clients and their families receive customized wealth management services including trust, private foundation, estate, retirement and agency account administration; coordination of income and estate tax planning; advisory services; and customized planning and analysis.
Previously, Jean was a financial manager at Lowry Hill (now Abbott Downing), a comprehensive wealth management firm; the fiduciary tax manager at Piper Trust Company; and a member of the tax practice at KPMG-Minneapolis.
Jean earned a bachelor’s degree in Accounting, summa cum laude, from the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire. A Certified Public Accountant, she is a member of the Minnesota Society of Certified Public Accountants and the National Society of Compliance Professionals.
Jean lives in Andover with her husband, Steve. They have three grown children, Rob, Kevin, and Amy and a daughter-in-law, Katie. Jean enjoys trips to Texas to visit Kevin and also to places with interesting history. She also loves to read fiction, ride bike and hang out at her cabin. If she ever retires, she plans to attend law school for fun but no credit.
Close biography 





 



Ann M. Wilczynski Senior Vice President 
612-661-3727 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Senior vice president and relationship manager responsible for managing financial activities for clients and their families.						Read Ann M. Wilczynski‘s full biography +



Ann is a Senior Vice President and Relationship Manager of Marquette Asset Management. She is responsible for managing the financial activities of clients and their families, including trust, private foundation, estate, retirement and agency account administration, coordination of income and estate tax planning, advisory services, and customized planning and analysis.  Ann views her work as purposed to help families preserve, enhance and transfer their wealth – and wealth means not only financial assets, but the skills, values and behaviors that sustain families and the causes they hold dear.  Ann is also a member of the firm’s management team and is responsible for a broad range of ongoing business administration and strategic initiatives.
Before joining Marquette Asset Management, Ann was a Senior Vice President of the Northern Trust Company, where she served on the Trust Acceptance Committee and Fiduciary Committee for its Central Region.
Ann earned a B.S. degree from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business, and a J.D. degree from Vanderbilt University. She has been admitted to practice law in three states, and spent ten years practicing income and estate tax planning at law firms in Indianapolis, Chicago, and Minneapolis.  She serves as the President of the Board of Directors of The Basilica Landmark, and also on the Planned Giving Committee of Catholic Charities of St. Paul and Minneapolis.
Ann is a native of Indianapolis, and has lived in Minneapolis for over twenty years with her husband Michael (also an attorney) and their two daughters (who are determined not to be attorneys like their parents). In her free time, she is an avid traveler, cook and gardener, and has learned to love Minnesota’s winters just as much as she loves Minnesota’s summers.
Close biography 





 



Abbey Spoo Vice President 
(612) 661-3764 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Vice President and Relationship Manager at Marquette Asset Management specializing in wealth management strategies and comprehensive financial planning for affluent individuals and families.						Read Abbey Spoo‘s full biography +



With more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry, she focuses on designing and implementing goal-based, tax-efficient investment and planning strategies to help clients achieve their unique goals. She ensures they receive customized wealth management services including trust, private foundation, estate, retirement and agency account administration; coordination of income and estate tax planning; advisory services; and customized planning and analysis.
Abbey earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology from the College of Saint Benedict in St. Joseph Minnesota. Abbey also earned the Certified Financial Planner (CFP®) designation to further her professional development and help her serve clients in a comprehensive manner.
Previously Abbey had been a Senior Investment Consultant at Allodium Investment Consultants and a Portfolio Manager at the Somerset Group, LLC both local Registered Investment Advisors.
Abbey lives in Golden Valley. She enjoys running, biking, and spending time at her family’s cabin in northern Wisconsin with her dog Pippen.
Close biography 





 



Mary Olson Financial Analyst 
612-661-3722 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Financial analyst responsible for trading and ensuring the accuracy of investment and financial transactions.						Read Mary Olson‘s full biography +



Mary is a Financial Analyst at Marquette Asset Management. She is responsible for trading and ensuring the accuracy of investment and financial transactions engaged in for our clients. Before joining the firm in 2006, Mary was a senior client service manager with Atlantic Trust, a boutique advisory firm in Boston.
Additionally, Mary has several years of wealth management experience with Scudder Private Investment Counsel and with Mellon Private Asset Management in Boston. She earned a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, cum laude, from Boston University.
Mary lives in Andover with her husband Jeremy and their Elementary school children Maeve and Emmet.  They love to travel together, and they go to Bonita Springs in Florida each year as well as taking an annual trip to see Mary’s family in Ireland, where she was born and raised.
Close biography 





 



Kristy Thom Operations Specialist 
612-661-3782 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Operations Specialist who provides administrative support for the client service professionals.						Read Kristy Thom‘s full biography +



Kristy is an Operations Specialist at Marquette Asset Management. She works directly with the management team and the Chief Compliance Officer to ensure the firm’s operational and compliance requirements are met. Kristy participates in internal audits & outside regulatory reviews, assists in the development and implementation of business continuity plans and operating procedures based on regulatory guidelines. She supports the management group and staff in preparing monthly reports regarding regulated activities. She serves as a liaison in conjunction with the CCO to service providers, vendors and partners of the firm. Under the instruction of the CCO, she participates in most firm initiatives to ensure activities are performed in accordance with regulations, policies and procedures.
Kristy earned her bachelor’s degree from National American University in Roseville, Minnesota, majoring in Business Management. Kristy is a St. Paul native; she likes to spend summer weekends at her family’s cabin and during winter, prefers beach vacations with friends and family. Kristy enjoys creating art and walking her young, energetic dog around St. Paul lakes.
Close biography 





 



Laura Dahlgren	 Client Service Assistant 
612-661-3078 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Client service assistant who provides administrative support for the client service professionals.						Read Laura Dahlgren	‘s full biography +



Laura is a client service assistant at Marquette Asset Management. She provides administrative support for the client service professionals. She assists with account processing; maintains schedules, client information, and files; organizes client meetings; and assists clients with various needs. Laura earned her bachelor’s degree in Education from Augsburg College.
Laura lives in Maple Grove with her husband, Brett.  They have two college-age children, Anna and Kaitlyn.  Laura loves to spend time with her family.  She also enjoys boating, hiking, travelling, cooking and reading.
Close biography 





 



Desiree H. Buol Client Service Assistant 
(612) 661-3746 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Client service assistant who provides administrative support for the client service professionals.						Read Desiree H. Buol‘s full biography +



Desiree is a client service assistant at Marquette Asset Management. She provides administrative support for the client service professionals.  She assists with account processing; maintains schedules, client information, and files; and also assists clients with various needs.
Desiree earned her bachelor’s degree from New Wine Bible Institute in Saint Paul, majoring in Theology.
Desiree is a longtime resident of the crocus hill area of Saint Paul and enjoys spending time with her extended family and friends. She is an avid biker, loves to ice skate and is a huge Minnesota Vikings fan.  She also enjoys reading, antique shopping, walking, movies, writing and teaching bible studies.  She is the proud owner of two cats Queen Esther and Santa Maria.
Close biography 















Trust Services - Marquette Asset Management
































 






















Toggle navigation














Wealth Management Trust Services We offer fiduciary services for trusts of all types and levels of complexity through our sister company, UMB Bank, n.a. 








Many estate plans include trusts to control the distribution of your assets, protect you and your family from “predators and creditors,” and potentially provide tax savings.
We offer asset management, fiduciary services and expert advice for all types of trusts at all levels of complexity through UMB Bank, n.a.









Our trust services include:
Trust administration—Trustee or co-trustee.
Estate administration and estate settlement—Either as personal representative or as agent for an individual personal representative.
Charitable trust and foundation administration—Trustee, co-trustee, or agent for an individual trustee or governing officer.
Fine art and collectible management
Unique asset and real estate administration

Trust services are provided through our sister company, UMB Bank, n.a. and, where appropriate, UMB Trust Company of South Dakota.





 
 





Integrity and privacy 











As your trustee, we will:
Administer your trust as well as oversee mandatory and discretionary distributions to all beneficiaries.
Oversee management of the trust investment portfolio.
Prepare annual, quarterly, or monthly trust accountings.
Prepare and file required trust income tax returns and make required estimated tax payments.
Provide safekeeping of trust assets.
Process security transactions and collect interest and dividends.
Track capital changes, including stock splits, mergers, and reorganizations.

Our trust services and support team brings expertise, high integrity, and utmost privacy to every detail of your estate plans.












Investment Management ServicesObjective, expert investment advice and financial planning support based on understanding your individual circumstances, needs, time horizon, and risk tolerance.
More about our investment management services › 

Planning, Tax, and Administrative SupportWe offer collaborative, coordinated effort with your other advisors, including attorneys, accountants, tax experts, and insurance providers.
More about our planning, tax, and administrative support services › 

Our LegacyWe take pride in our place among a portfolio of companies founded on integrity, a commitment to service, and community spirit.
More about our legacy › 















ADV Part 2 - Marquette Asset Management































 






















Toggle navigation














Compliance Documentation ADV Part 2 Information about the qualifications and business practices of Marquette Asset Management, LLC. 








This Brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of Marquette Asset Management, LLC. [“Marquette”]. If you have any questions about the contents of this Brochure, please contact us at 612-661-3783 or jean.gullikson@marquetteam.com. The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or by any state securities authority.
Marquette is a registered investment adviser. Registration of an investment adviser does not imply any level of skill or training. The oral and written communications of an Adviser provide you with information about which you determine to hire or retain an Adviser. Additional information about Marquette Asset Management, LLC. also is available on the SEC’s website at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.
Download the Brochure (updated June 2017) › 
















Our Process - Marquette Asset Management
































 






















Toggle navigation














Our Process An ongoing focus on your goals Our dynamic process allows us to adapt readily to changes in your unique life circumstances. 








As your goals, investment time horizon, and risk tolerance change, we adjust accordingly.
We apply asset-class investing to your unique situation and bring objectivity and discipline to bear on your financial decisions. This is our value proposition and what differentiates us in our industry.
Learn more about our philosophy of asset-class investing ›  




 
 





Our dynamic process 











1. Understand Your Current CircumstancesWe work with you to fine-tune our understanding of your evolving objectives, cash-flow and liquidity needs, estate-planning goals, and risk tolerance.









2. Design Your Optimal StrategyWe examine your circumstances by considering financial, estate, tax, and other concerns. We use reliable modeling tools to analyze the likelihood that a given portfolio strategy will meet your individual financial goals.
You can view the outcomes of various strategies and the effects of small changes in asset allocation, savings rates, and withdrawal rates on the prospects of success.









3. Formalize Your Investment PolicyBefore allocating any assets, we create a customized Investment Policy Statement for you to review and accept.
Your Investment Policy Statement defines your goals, identifies the asset classes to be used, and details how progress will be evaluated.









4. Implement Your Investment PolicyWe execute our strategy and manage the transition of your investments while always being conscious of potential tax ramifications.









5. Monitoring and Supervising Your Portfolio We oversee the management of your portfolio. We measure performance and keep track of your evolving needs and goals. Using this information, we regularly review your Investment Policy Statement with you to ensure that your asset allocation remains on target.





 
 













 
 





 Why our process works  











Our process is an ongoing cycle that is always:
Insightful — The process starts with an understanding of your individual financial situation.
Disciplined — We manage your investments consistently over the long term.
Balanced — We seek investment returns commensurate with your risk tolerance and return objectives.
Coordinated — Our strategy is tax efficient and aligned with your financial and estate-planning goals.
Straightforward — Performance reporting is transparent and concise.
Accessible — Your local account team is always available for calls and meetings.
Independent — We compensate employees according to how well we achieve your needs and goals, not on commissions or sales incentives.













Asset Class InvestingAsset allocation is the most important factor in managing risk and building investment portfolios. We make informed decisions driven by understanding risk and reward.
More about asset-class investing › 

Our  ProcessOur dynamic investment process allows us to adapt readily to changes in your life circumstances, and it allows us to maintain an ongoing focus on your unique goals.
More about our process › 

Investment Management ServicesObjective, expert investment advice and financial planning support based on understanding your individual circumstances, needs, time horizon, and risk tolerance.
More about our investment management services › 















Asset Class Investing - Marquette Asset Management
































 






















Toggle navigation














Asset-Class Investing Smart decisions based on risk and reward Asset allocation and diversification are the most important factors in managing risk and building successful investment portfolios. 





We are committed to asset-class investing. In practical terms, this means we allocate your assets among a mix of asset classes to achieve an appropriate balance of risk and reward.
Three critical factors
In determining the optimal asset allocation for your portfolio, three factors are critical:

Your needs and goals
Your time horizon
Your risk tolerance

With these in mind, we build globally diversified portfolios, allocating your assets to pursue optimal returns while attempting to cushion the effects of volatility.
An investment resource we use extensively, Dimensional Fund Advisors, is a leader in applying compelling academic research to practical investing. Download DFA’s presentation, “Pursuing a Better Investment Experience” to learn more. (PDF)
 
 











Our Philosophy Asset-class investing takes a long-term view and systematic approach to capturing expected returns. Our approach integrates research, portfolio structure, and implementation. We put the markets to work for you by focusing systematically on sources of expected returns from a diversified array of asset classes. Learn more about our philosophy ›









Articles Perspectives on markets and our investment philosophy. These articles from our leadership and our investment partner, Dimensional Fund Advisors, explore asset-class investing, markets, fiduciary management, and related topics. Explore asset-class investing, markets, and our approach in greater depth ›


















Legacy - Marquette Asset Management
































 






















Toggle navigation














The Firm Our Legacy We take pride in our place among a portfolio of companies founded on integrity, a commitment to service, and community spirit. 
 




 
 

















A legacy built on relationship-based serviceIn 2005, the Carl R. Pohlad family gave us the opportunity to form Marquette Asset Management under the umbrella of Marquette Financial Companies. Since then, we have become a premier wealth management provider by focusing on achieving individual client objectives, producing quality risk-adjusted investment performance, and providing superior personal service.
As the world of banking and financial services evolves, opportunities for smart, strategic partnerships arise. In late 2014, the Pohlad family chose to sell Marquette Financial Companies, including Marquette Asset Management, to UMB Financial Corporation, a larger and resource-rich diversified financial services holding company headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri.
UMB Financial Corporation began its legacy in 1913 as a community financial business known as City Center Bank. It now operates across the U.S., and includes several subsidiaries. Both Marquette Financial Companies and UMB were founded by enterprising families. We continue to do business with the ethics, strength and determination embodied by family-owned organizations.









Helping clients meet their financial goalsMarquette Asset Management was founded in 2005 to help clients meet their financial goals. Everything we do is designed to ensure we build and maintain your unique portfolio customized to meet your needs, goals and priorities.












Our LeadershipIntegrity, expertise, and commitment to our clients. Our people bring professional experience, academic accomplishments, and dedication to our work with you.
Meet our leadership team › 

Our PhilosophyAsset-class investing, our driving philosophy, takes a long-term view and systematic approach to capturing expected returns based on objective academic principles.
More about our philosophy › 

Our  ProcessOur dynamic investment process allows us to adapt readily to changes in your life circumstances, and it allows us to maintain an ongoing focus on your unique goals.
More about our process › 


















Jul 25, 2017 - Marquette Asset Management Inc. Buys Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond, Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (The), Charles Schwab Corp, Sells Enterprise Products Partners LP, ONEOK Partners LP, Western Gas Partners, LP - GuruFocus.com 


















Jul 25, 2017 - Marquette Asset Management Inc. Buys Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond, Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (The), Charles Schwab Corp, Sells Enterprise Products Partners LP, ONEOK Partners LP, Western Gas Partners, LP - GuruFocus.com Jul 25, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Marquette Asset Management Inc. Buys Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond, Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (The), Charles Schwab Corp, Sells Enterprise Products Partners LP, ONEOK Partners LP, Western Gas Partners, LPJuly 25, 2017 |  About: 
XLRE  +0%
BSCJ  +0%
SCHW  +0%
PHIIK  +0%
ECYT  +0%
FVE  +0%
DXJ  +0%
PKW  +0%
CCS  +0%
SBY  +0%
TPCA  +0%



Minneapolis, MN, based Investment company Marquette Asset Management Inc. buys Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond, Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (The), Charles Schwab Corp, PHI Inc, Endocyte Inc, Five Star Senior Living Inc, sells Enterprise Products Partners LP, ONEOK Partners LP, Western Gas Partners, LP, Buckeye Partners LP, WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund during the 3-months ended 2017-06-30, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Marquette Asset Management Inc.. As of 2017-06-30, Marquette Asset Management Inc. owns 84 stocks with a total value of $239 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: BSCJ, XLRE, SCHW, PHIIK, ECYT, FVE, Added Positions: SCHZ, SCPB, SCHF, RELL, RCKY, ORM, GDL, FSC, BDE, GSVC, Reduced Positions: EPD, OKS, WES, BPL, ETE, WPZ, PAA, GEL, MPLX, NGL, Sold Out: DXJ, PKW, CCS, SBY, TPCA, 
XLRE 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of XLREPeter Lynch Chart of XLREFor the details of Marquette Asset Management Inc.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Marquette+Asset+Management+Inc.These are the top 5 holdings of Marquette Asset Management Inc.Schwab U.S. Large-Cap Growth (SCHG) - 764,754 shares, 20.19% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 0.23%Guggenheim S&P 500 Pure Growth (RPG) - 424,043 shares, 16.68% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 0.03%iShares Russell 1000 Growth (IWF) - 243,179 shares, 12.09% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 0.4%iShares Russell 1000 Value (IWD) - 152,140 shares, 7.4% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 0.46%Schwab U.S. Small-Cap (SCHA) - 137,687 shares, 3.68% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 0.08%New Purchase: Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (The) (XLRE)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in  Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (The).  The purchase prices were between $31.34 and $32.73, with an estimated average price of $32.02.   The stock is now traded at around $32.31. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 8,158 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond (BSCJ)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in  Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond.  The purchase prices were between $21.22 and $21.27, with an estimated average price of $21.24.   The stock is now traded at around $0.00. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 12,066 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in  Charles Schwab Corp.  The purchase prices were between $37.53 and $43.01, with an estimated average price of $40.   The stock is now traded at around $42.87. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.09%. The holdings were 4,839 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: PHI Inc (PHIIK)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in  PHI Inc.  The purchase prices were between $8.9 and $12.27, with an estimated average price of $10.56.   The stock is now traded at around $9.91. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 11,233 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Endocyte Inc (ECYT)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in  Endocyte Inc.  The purchase prices were between $1.45 and $2.9, with an estimated average price of $2.16.   The stock is now traded at around $1.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 38,173 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Five Star Senior Living Inc (FVE)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in  Five Star Senior Living Inc.  The purchase prices were between $1.55 and $2.15, with an estimated average price of $1.82.   The stock is now traded at around $1.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.01%. The holdings were 21,405 shares as of 2017-06-30. Sold Out: WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund (DXJ)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in  WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund.  The sale prices were between $47.99 and $52.76, with an estimated average price of $51.09. Sold Out: PowerShares BuyBack Achievers Portfolio (PKW)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in  PowerShares BuyBack Achievers Portfolio.  The sale prices were between $50.92 and $53.87, with an estimated average price of $52.41. Sold Out: Century Communities Inc (CCS)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in  Century Communities Inc.  The sale prices were between $24.35 and $27.9, with an estimated average price of $25.82. Sold Out: Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp (SBY)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in  Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp.  The sale prices were between $21.43 and $21.6, with an estimated average price of $21.49. Sold Out: Tropicana Entertainment Inc (TPCA)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in  Tropicana Entertainment Inc.  The sale prices were between $31 and $42.85, with an estimated average price of $37.11. Here is the complete portfolio of Marquette Asset Management Inc.. Also check out:
1. Marquette Asset Management Inc.'s Undervalued Stocks
2. Marquette Asset Management Inc.'s Top Growth Companies, and
3. Marquette Asset Management Inc.'s High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that Marquette Asset Management Inc. keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

san330Yasar_Graham_NumberFAROSFaros criteria 1ahcukaValueolanderfGoodmerknt84my4LuddyNEW SCHOOL VAL+MOMOmpacholskaStrong in Europempacholskaonly cheap in EuropesamahajoeOptimumsamahajoePrice/EBITDA

→XLRE Price Chart





$32.55 (1y: -5%)







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


















Marquette Asset Management, Inc.                                                                                         - Minneapolis                                       , MN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



Minneapolis



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Marquette Asset Management, Inc.
                                    



 





















M 


Marquette Asset Management, Inc.                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



33 S 6TH ST STE 4540 MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55402
Get Directions



(866) 661-3770
www.marquetteam.com                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $5,473,806.00
 Employee Count 66
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts John Taft                                                                                                               







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007, Marquette Asset Management, Inc.                                                                                         has been providing Management Investment, Open-end from Minneapolis. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Leadership - Marquette Asset Management


































 






















Toggle navigation














The Firm Leadership Integrity, expertise, and commitment to our clients 





Our people bring professional experience, academic accomplishments, and dedication to our work with you.
We seek to build and maintain long-term client relationships. We work as a team to provide superior responsive service.






 



Chris Vernier President 
612-661-3787 Email ›  download vcf › 

						President responsible for the firm's overall strategic growth and development.						Read Chris Vernier‘s full biography +



Chris is the President of Marquette Asset Management.  He is responsible for the firm’s overall strategic growth and development.  In addition, he chairs the investment and management committees. Prior to being named President, Chris served as Managing Director at the company where he was responsible for client relationships, investment and trading. Chris is one of the founding members of the company.
Before joining Marquette, Chris spent five years with Knelman Asset Management Group LLC, where he was responsible for trading, performance reporting, account maintenance, technology, and systems. Previously, in a trading position at Eagle Capital Management, Chris was responsible for obtaining financing for a multi-billion dollar global bond portfolio and was instrumental in implementing an operations-based trading and accounting software system.
Chris received his bachelor’s degree from the University of St. Thomas, majoring in Finance and Accounting, and completed the Certified Public Accountant certification requirements.
 
Close biography 





 



Robert Rubenstein Managing Director 
612-661-3784 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Managing director who oversees financial activities the firm provides for clients and their families.						Read Robert Rubenstein‘s full biography +



Bob is a managing director of Marquette Asset Management. He oversees the financial activities the firm provides for clients and their families, including trust, private foundation, estate, retirement and agency account administration; coordination of income and estate tax planning; advisory services; and customized planning and analysis.
Bob has more than twenty-five years of experience in the field, beginning with personal trust administration and marketing positions with banks and broker-affiliated trust companies. Before joining Marquette Asset Management, he served as a senior vice president for U.S.Trust Company and was a member of U.S. Trust’s National Fiduciary Policy Committee.
Bob has a bachelor’s degree in Political Science from the University of Minnesota and a law degree from the University of Minnesota Law School. He chairs the Marquette Financial Companies Midwest Regional Charitable Giving Committee and sits on the endowment investment committees of the Jewish Federation of Greater St. Paul and the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy.
Proud residents of St. Paul, Bob and his wife Susan are blessed with wonderful family and friends and recently celebrated their 30th wedding anniversary. They enjoy their hobbies-Susan weaving and Bob drumming-and have fully adapted to their empty nest.
Close biography 





 



Jean Gullikson Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer 
612-661-3783 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Managing director and chief compliance officer who oversees the development and implementation of policies and procedures for the firm.						Read Jean Gullikson‘s full biography +



Jean is a managing director and chief compliance officer of Marquette Asset Management. She oversees the development and implementation of, and ongoing compliance with, policies and procedures designed to ensure that Marquette Asset Management meets its fiduciary obligations.
She is a member of Marquette’s management team and is responsible for a broad range of ongoing business administration and strategic initiatives. She oversees the firm’s financial reporting and budgeting processes. Jean also ensures that Marquette’s custody and reporting platforms meet our clients’ needs and fully comply with all regulatory requirements.
Jean also serves as the relationship manager for several key clients. In this role, she ensures clients and their families receive customized wealth management services including trust, private foundation, estate, retirement and agency account administration; coordination of income and estate tax planning; advisory services; and customized planning and analysis.
Previously, Jean was a financial manager at Lowry Hill (now Abbott Downing), a comprehensive wealth management firm; the fiduciary tax manager at Piper Trust Company; and a member of the tax practice at KPMG-Minneapolis.
Jean earned a bachelor’s degree in Accounting, summa cum laude, from the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire. A Certified Public Accountant, she is a member of the Minnesota Society of Certified Public Accountants and the National Society of Compliance Professionals.
Jean lives in Andover with her husband, Steve. They have three grown children, Rob, Kevin, and Amy and a daughter-in-law, Katie. Jean enjoys trips to Texas to visit Kevin and also to places with interesting history. She also loves to read fiction, ride bike and hang out at her cabin. If she ever retires, she plans to attend law school for fun but no credit.
Close biography 





 



Ann M. Wilczynski Senior Vice President 
612-661-3727 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Senior vice president and relationship manager responsible for managing financial activities for clients and their families.						Read Ann M. Wilczynski‘s full biography +



Ann is a Senior Vice President and Relationship Manager of Marquette Asset Management. She is responsible for managing the financial activities of clients and their families, including trust, private foundation, estate, retirement and agency account administration, coordination of income and estate tax planning, advisory services, and customized planning and analysis.  Ann views her work as purposed to help families preserve, enhance and transfer their wealth – and wealth means not only financial assets, but the skills, values and behaviors that sustain families and the causes they hold dear.  Ann is also a member of the firm’s management team and is responsible for a broad range of ongoing business administration and strategic initiatives.
Before joining Marquette Asset Management, Ann was a Senior Vice President of the Northern Trust Company, where she served on the Trust Acceptance Committee and Fiduciary Committee for its Central Region.
Ann earned a B.S. degree from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business, and a J.D. degree from Vanderbilt University. She has been admitted to practice law in three states, and spent ten years practicing income and estate tax planning at law firms in Indianapolis, Chicago, and Minneapolis.  She serves as the President of the Board of Directors of The Basilica Landmark, and also on the Planned Giving Committee of Catholic Charities of St. Paul and Minneapolis.
Ann is a native of Indianapolis, and has lived in Minneapolis for over twenty years with her husband Michael (also an attorney) and their two daughters (who are determined not to be attorneys like their parents). In her free time, she is an avid traveler, cook and gardener, and has learned to love Minnesota’s winters just as much as she loves Minnesota’s summers.
Close biography 





 



Abbey Spoo Vice President 
(612) 661-3764 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Vice President and Relationship Manager at Marquette Asset Management specializing in wealth management strategies and comprehensive financial planning for affluent individuals and families.						Read Abbey Spoo‘s full biography +



With more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry, she focuses on designing and implementing goal-based, tax-efficient investment and planning strategies to help clients achieve their unique goals. She ensures they receive customized wealth management services including trust, private foundation, estate, retirement and agency account administration; coordination of income and estate tax planning; advisory services; and customized planning and analysis.
Abbey earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology from the College of Saint Benedict in St. Joseph Minnesota. Abbey also earned the Certified Financial Planner (CFP®) designation to further her professional development and help her serve clients in a comprehensive manner.
Previously Abbey had been a Senior Investment Consultant at Allodium Investment Consultants and a Portfolio Manager at the Somerset Group, LLC both local Registered Investment Advisors.
Abbey lives in Golden Valley. She enjoys running, biking, and spending time at her family’s cabin in northern Wisconsin with her dog Pippen.
Close biography 





 



Mary Olson Financial Analyst 
612-661-3722 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Financial analyst responsible for trading and ensuring the accuracy of investment and financial transactions.						Read Mary Olson‘s full biography +



Mary is a Financial Analyst at Marquette Asset Management. She is responsible for trading and ensuring the accuracy of investment and financial transactions engaged in for our clients. Before joining the firm in 2006, Mary was a senior client service manager with Atlantic Trust, a boutique advisory firm in Boston.
Additionally, Mary has several years of wealth management experience with Scudder Private Investment Counsel and with Mellon Private Asset Management in Boston. She earned a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, cum laude, from Boston University.
Mary lives in Andover with her husband Jeremy and their Elementary school children Maeve and Emmet.  They love to travel together, and they go to Bonita Springs in Florida each year as well as taking an annual trip to see Mary’s family in Ireland, where she was born and raised.
Close biography 





 



Kristy Thom Operations Specialist 
612-661-3782 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Operations Specialist who provides administrative support for the client service professionals.						Read Kristy Thom‘s full biography +



Kristy is an Operations Specialist at Marquette Asset Management. She works directly with the management team and the Chief Compliance Officer to ensure the firm’s operational and compliance requirements are met. Kristy participates in internal audits & outside regulatory reviews, assists in the development and implementation of business continuity plans and operating procedures based on regulatory guidelines. She supports the management group and staff in preparing monthly reports regarding regulated activities. She serves as a liaison in conjunction with the CCO to service providers, vendors and partners of the firm. Under the instruction of the CCO, she participates in most firm initiatives to ensure activities are performed in accordance with regulations, policies and procedures.
Kristy earned her bachelor’s degree from National American University in Roseville, Minnesota, majoring in Business Management. Kristy is a St. Paul native; she likes to spend summer weekends at her family’s cabin and during winter, prefers beach vacations with friends and family. Kristy enjoys creating art and walking her young, energetic dog around St. Paul lakes.
Close biography 





 



Laura Dahlgren	 Client Service Assistant 
612-661-3078 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Client service assistant who provides administrative support for the client service professionals.						Read Laura Dahlgren	‘s full biography +



Laura is a client service assistant at Marquette Asset Management. She provides administrative support for the client service professionals. She assists with account processing; maintains schedules, client information, and files; organizes client meetings; and assists clients with various needs. Laura earned her bachelor’s degree in Education from Augsburg College.
Laura lives in Maple Grove with her husband, Brett.  They have two college-age children, Anna and Kaitlyn.  Laura loves to spend time with her family.  She also enjoys boating, hiking, travelling, cooking and reading.
Close biography 





 



Desiree H. Buol Client Service Assistant 
(612) 661-3746 Email ›  download vcf › 

						Client service assistant who provides administrative support for the client service professionals.						Read Desiree H. Buol‘s full biography +



Desiree is a client service assistant at Marquette Asset Management. She provides administrative support for the client service professionals.  She assists with account processing; maintains schedules, client information, and files; and also assists clients with various needs.
Desiree earned her bachelor’s degree from New Wine Bible Institute in Saint Paul, majoring in Theology.
Desiree is a longtime resident of the crocus hill area of Saint Paul and enjoys spending time with her extended family and friends. She is an avid biker, loves to ice skate and is a huge Minnesota Vikings fan.  She also enjoys reading, antique shopping, walking, movies, writing and teaching bible studies.  She is the proud owner of two cats Queen Esther and Santa Maria.
Close biography 

















Marquette Asset Management, Inc.












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Marquette Asset Management, Inc., Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Marquette Asset Management, Inc.

Company Information:Name:Marquette Asset Management, Inc.Address:60 South Sixth StreetSuite 3700Minneapolis, MN 55402Phone:(612)661-3770Website:www.marquetteam.comCompany Products:Fed Focus


Marquette Asset Management, Inc. Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets



































Marquette Asset Management Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Marquette Asset ManagementMMarquette Asset ManagementEDITLocationMinneapolis, MNRevenue$10mTotal Funding$–Founded2005Employees40StageprivateCompany Websitemarquetteam.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/Marquette Asset ManagementWe offer integrated asset management services for individuals, families, and
institutions based on the time-tested principles of asset-class investing.Keywordswealth management,investment management,trust services,finance,investment bankingMarquette Asset Management CompetitorsAscensus1,600+ highly trained associates helping over 7 million Americans save...SSavant Capital ManagementSavant Capital Management is a fee-only wealth management firm...SSage Rutty & Co., IncHere at Sage Rutty, we utilize a team approach to financial consulting...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from Marquette Asset ManagementNo recent news on Marquette Asset Management could be found.Submit recent news for Marquette Asset ManagementBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

	FED FOCUSED Trademark of Marquette Asset Management, Inc.. Serial Number: 78967293 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
FED FOCUSED










 
Get FREE email alerts













FED FOCUSED  Trademark Information
 Marquette Asset Management, Inc.
Funds investment, namely providing investment strategies that seek superior long-term, risk-adjusted returns by investing in a concentrated portfolio of companies that are well positioned to capitalize on an expanding economy




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
funds   investment      providing   investment   strategies   seek   superior   longterm      riskadjusted   returns   investing   concentrated   portfolio   companies   positioned   capitalize   expanding   economy    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FED FOCUSED trademark by Marquette Asset Management, Inc. 
                                in Minneapolis, MN, 55402.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FED FOCUSED trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Marquette Asset Management, Inc. of the FED FOCUSED trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FED FOCUSED trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, September 05, 2006,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FED FOCUSED by 
                        Marquette Asset Management, Inc., Minneapolis, MN  55402.
                        The USPTO has given the FED FOCUSED 
                        trademark serial  number of  78967293.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for FED FOCUSED is 
                        
                        
                                            GERALD E. HELGET of 
                                            BRIGGS AND MORGAN, P. A.,  2200 IDS CENTER, 80 S. SIXTH STREET, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55402 
                                .
                            The FED FOCUSED trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FED FOCUSED 
                            is Funds investment, namely providing investment strategies that seek superior long-term, risk-adjusted returns by investing in a concentrated portfolio of companies that are well positioned to capitalize on an expanding economy. 
                            





Word mark:
 FED FOCUSED


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

6/20/2014



  Serial Number:  
78967293


  Filing Date:  
9/5/2006


 Registration Number:  
3335286 


 Registration Date:  
11/13/2007


 Goods and Services: 
Funds investment, namely providing investment strategies that seek superior long-term, risk-adjusted returns by investing in a concentrated portfolio of companies that are well positioned to capitalize on an expanding economy


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/28/2007


Last Applicant/Owner:

Marquette Asset Management, Inc.Minneapolis, MN  55402
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("FED")


 Correspondent:


GERALD E. HELGET
BRIGGS AND MORGAN, P. A.
2200 IDS CENTER, 80 S. SIXTH STREET
MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55402






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
7/21/2006


First Use In Commerce: 
7/21/2006





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FED FOCUSED trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/20/2014
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



GERALD E. HELGET


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FED FOCUSED trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search fedfocused on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FED FOCUSED 




FED FOCUSED is providing Funds investment, namely providing investment strategies that seek superior long-term, risk-adjusted returns by investing in a concentrated portfolio of companies that are well positioned to capitalize on an expanding economy.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 













Marquette Asset Management Inc. Buys Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond, Real Estate ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Marquette Asset Management Inc. Buys Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond, Real Estate ...


July 25, 2017, 12:38:02 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Marquette Asset Management Inc.Charles SchwabNew Purchases: BSCJ , XLRE , SCHW , PHIIK, ECYT, FVE,Added Positions:SCHZ, SCPB, SCHF, RELL, RCKY, ORM, GDL, FSC, BDE, GSVC,Reduced Positions:EPD, OKS, WES, BPL, ETE, WPZ, PAA, GEL, MPLX, NGL,Sold Out:DXJ, PKW, CCS, SBY, TPCA,For the details of Marquette Asset Management Inc.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Marquette+Asset+Management+Inc.These are the top 5 holdings of Marquette Asset Management Inc.Schwab U.S. Large-Cap Growth ( SCHG ) - 764,754 shares, 20.19% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.23%Guggenheim S&P 500 Pure Growth ( RPG ) - 424,043 shares, 16.68% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.03%iShares Russell 1000 Growth ( IWF ) - 243,179 shares, 12.09% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.4%iShares Russell 1000 Value ( IWD ) - 152,140 shares, 7.4% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.46%Schwab U.S. Small-Cap ( SCHA ) - 137,687 shares, 3.68% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.08%New Purchase: Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (The) (XLRE)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (The). The purchase prices were between $31.34 and $32.73, with an estimated average price of $32.02. The stock is now traded at around $32.31. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 8,158 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond (BSCJ)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond. The purchase prices were between $21.22 and $21.27, with an estimated average price of $21.24. The stock is now traded at around $0.00. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 12,066 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in Charles Schwab Corp. The purchase prices were between $37.53 and $43.01, with an estimated average price of $40. The stock is now traded at around $42.87. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.09%. The holdings were 4,839 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: PHI Inc (PHIIK)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in PHI Inc. The purchase prices were between $8.9 and $12.27, with an estimated average price of $10.56. The stock is now traded at around $9.91. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 11,233 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Endocyte Inc (ECYT)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in Endocyte Inc. The purchase prices were between $1.45 and $2.9, with an estimated average price of $2.16. The stock is now traded at around $1.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 38,173 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Five Star Senior Living Inc (FVE)Marquette Asset Management Inc. initiated holdings in Five Star Senior Living Inc. The purchase prices were between $1.55 and $2.15, with an estimated average price of $1.82. The stock is now traded at around $1.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.01%. The holdings were 21,405 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund (DXJ)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund. The sale prices were between $47.99 and $52.76, with an estimated average price of $51.09.Sold Out: PowerShares BuyBack Achievers Portfolio (PKW)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in PowerShares BuyBack Achievers Portfolio. The sale prices were between $50.92 and $53.87, with an estimated average price of $52.41.Sold Out: Century Communities Inc (CCS)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in Century Communities Inc. The sale prices were between $24.35 and $27.9, with an estimated average price of $25.82.Sold Out: Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp (SBY)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp. The sale prices were between $21.43 and $21.6, with an estimated average price of $21.49.Sold Out: Tropicana Entertainment Inc (TPCA)Marquette Asset Management Inc. sold out the holdings in Tropicana Entertainment Inc. The sale prices were between $31 and $42.85, with an estimated average price of $37.11.XLRE 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of XLREPeter Lynch Chart of XLREPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        SCHG
                                    
, 

                                        RPG
                                    
, 

                                        IWF
                                    
, 

                                        IWD
                                    
, 

                                        SCHA
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Asian ADRs Move Higher in Wednesday Trading


						7/26/2017 10:16 AM
					



TSX Down 5 Points -- Healthcare, Info Tech Post Biggest Gains


						7/26/2017 10:12 AM
					



Nasdaq (NDAQ) 2nd Quarter Profit Surges More Than Twofold


						7/26/2017 09:52 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize







Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
An In-Depth Look At Baidu's (BIDU) Artificial Intelligence Aspirations
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
South Alabama Property Receives CSX Select Site Designation




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





SCHG








0%



Rate It





RPG








100%



Rate It





IWF








0%



Rate It





IWD








0%



Rate It





SCHA








0%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX












































Marquette Asset Management



































 






















Toggle navigation
















We work with you to build and protect your financial future. 



Learn more about our services 




We offer integrated wealth management services for individuals, families, and institutions.
 








 Headquartered in Minneapolis, we tailor our boutique services to meet your needs and goals. 

Our Firm
Independence, integrity, and objectivity, backed by decades of experience in financial services.
We manage the wealth of affluent individuals and families throughout the United States. 
Find out who we are and what we stand for								›






 We are part of UMB Financial Corporation, a diversified financial services holding company committed to integrity and service. 

Wealth Management
Personalized investment management, financial and estate planning support, and fiduciary services.
Our expert guidance begins with our initial meeting. We work with you to gain a thorough understanding of your overall situation, needs, expectations, beliefs, and goals. We employ objectivity and discipline to help you stay the course toward your long-term objectives.
Read about our wealth management services								›






 We listen carefully to understand your individual financial situation and allocate your portfolio accordingly. 

Asset-Class Investing
An objective, time-proven approach designed to smooth volatility and enhance total return.
Your asset allocation and diversification will be the primary determinants of your investment performance. Asset allocation focuses on how best to allocate among the broad categories of stocks, bonds, and cash. Within these broad categories, diversification considers which asset classes should be included in your portfolio and in what proportions. We allocate your assets to balance risk and potential reward in a way that best fits your particular situation.
Learn more about asset-class investing								›






 We develop a personalized Investment Policy Statement, our roadmap for managing your finances. 

Our Process
A process that reflects your risk tolerance, needs, goals, time horizon, and evolving circumstances.
We work with you to establish your portfolio and review it with you regularly to make sure your investments and financial plan stay on track.

Explore our process								›




























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


