





Stephen Marriott, grandson of Marriott Corporation founder, dies








































menuclose









Industry Update




Press Release24 June 2013Stephen Marriott, grandson of Marriott Corporation founder, dies
Celebrating the Life of Stephen Garff Marriott

Stephen Garff Marriott, Executive Vice President for Culture at Marriott International, the global hotel company founded by his grandparents in 1927, passed away on Sunday, June 23, 2013, after a prolonged battle with a degenerative mitochondrial disease. He was 54 years old.

In his most recent role, Stephen led Marriott Worldwide Business Councils and was responsible for perpetuating Marriott's core values and culture throughout the company.

His father, Marriott International Executive Chairman J.W. "Bill" Marriott, Jr., said, "Stephen was an inspiration to us every day as he struggled with a challenging disease that cost him his eyesight and hearing, and he never complained. He came to work right until the end to champion the values that his grandparents established when they opened their first root beer stand. Stephen was convinced that our Marriott culture was our greatest competitive advantage. His wife and children will remember his ability to find joy and happiness, despite his daily hardships."
Stephen's career with the company spanned 38 years, beginning in 1975, when he worked at the Bethesda, Md., Roy Rogers restaurant as a cook. During college, he worked in various positions, ranging from front desk and housekeeping to banquets, marketing and accounting.
After graduation from Brigham Young University in 1983, with a bachelor of arts in English, he earned a master's degree in business administration from Arizona State University.
In 1985, Stephen became a Sales Manager at the Mountain Shadows Marriott Resort and Golf Club in Scottsdale, Ariz. He worked his way up through sales and hotel operations and became General Manager of the Bethesda Marriott Hotel in 1991.
In 1993, he became Director of Resort Marketing at Marriott Corporate Headquarters in Bethesda, Md., and held various positions as a Vice President in Brand and Marketing. In 2000, he became Senior Vice President of Culture and Lodging Sales Recruiting and was an instructor in Marriott's Sales Schools. Stephen was appointed to his current position as Executive Vice President of Culture in 2006.
Since 1996, Stephen chaired Marriott's Worldwide Business Councils, which promotes company culture, community service and public policy. In May 2013, in recognition of his dedicated leadership, he received the Business Councils' top award, which was named the Stephen G. Marriott Leadership Award in his honor. Other company awards included The Culture and Sales Achievement Award and The J. Willard Marriott Award of Excellence.
Stephen was an Eagle Scout and served on the National Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America. The Scout's dining hall at Camp Snyder was named for him.
He served on various boards representing people with disabilities. He was on the board of directors for the American Foundation for the Blind, which named him a recipient of the Helen Keller Achievement Award in 2008. He also served on the board of directors of the American Speech, Hearing and Language Association Foundation, and the National Institutes of Deafness and Communication Disorders. He served on the board of trustees for Hospice Caring and on the board of advisors for the D.C. College Access Program.
Until his death, Stephen served on The J. Willard and Alice S. Marriott Foundation Board and on the board of the Marriott Foundation for People with Disabilities. He also supported his college through the BYU Marriott School of Management Alumni Board and the BYU Management Society, Washington, D.C. Chapter. He was a native Washingtonian and attended St. Albans School.
Stephen was a faithful and active member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He served a two-year mission in British Columbia when he was 19, and served in many church positions for most of his life. His interests included Church, family, BYU sports and he loved to teach. He is survived by his wife Juliana Baughman Marriott and their children Stephen Blake; Jennifer and her husband, Bob Jackson; Ashley and her husband, Spencer Samuelian; five adored grandchildren; his parents, Bill and Donna Marriott; his brothers, John and David; and his sister Debbie Marriott Harrison.
All those who wish to celebrate Stephen's life are invited to a viewing at Gawler's Funeral Home, 5130 Wisconsin Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C., at 7 p.m. on Wednesday, June 26. A funeral service will be held at noon on Thursday, June 27 at The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints located at 10000 Stoneybrook Drive, Kensington, Md.
In lieu of flowers, a contribution can be made to the National Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America (www.boyscouts-ncac.org).




More from Marriott





Most Read


Today
Last 7 days
Last 30 days
































More






Newsletter

Subscribe to our daily newsletter


Submit your NewsAdvertising









                          Stephen Marriott dies: Hotel chain official was 54 - The Washington Post                                                                    2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off      Get breaking news alerts from  The Washington Post   Turn on desktop notifications?  Yes Not now    It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them.                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   Obituaries   Stephen Marriott dies: Hotel chain official was 54               The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                     From left to right, Stephen Marriott, David Marriott, Chairman and CEO of Marriott International J.W. Marriott and John Marriott sit in pajamas and robes in 2004. (AP Photo/ Matt Houston, File)    By Adam Bernstein  By Adam Bernstein   June 24, 2013     Stephen Marriott began using hearing aids in ninth grade, and his father tried to reassure him that the device was no different than a set of eyeglasses.  His vision slowly worsened, too. By his early 20s, after completing a Mormon mission in British Columbia and entering graduate business school, Mr. Marriott could barely make out his professor’s notes on the chalkboard. His condition was diagnosed years later as mitochondrial disease, a rare muscular disorder. It left him with a stutter and spasms in his hands that prevented him from mastering Braille. It has no cure. “My dad likes to fix things fast,” Mr. Marriott told Washingtonian magazine a few years ago. “I think he got a little frustrated because he wanted to fix my eyes and my ears, and he didn’t know how to do it. None of us know how to do it yet.” For decades, his father presided over the Marriott International business empire, which grew from a root beer stand in Washington during the Roaring Twenties to a sprawling, multibillion-dollar company that includes hotel management, real estate operations, airplane catering and the Big Boy and Roy Rogers fast-food chains, among other enterprises. Stephen Marriott, who died June 23 at age 54, was part of the close-knit Marriott family management. Despite his physical barriers, he rose through the company starting from the lowest rungs.  At 16, he was a cook at a Roy Rogers. Later, as a hotel manager, he went by Stephen Garff — his middle name — to shield himself from the notoriety of his family connections. By the early 1990s, he was director of resort marketing at the company’s corporate headquarters in Bethesda.  He was mentioned as a potential heir in running the company, but his health problems deepened. In 2011, his father, J.W. “Bill” Marriott Jr., the son of the company founder, retired as Marriott International chief executive and was succeeded by Arne Sorenson, the president and chief operating officer. Since 2006, Stephen Marriott has held the title of executive vice president for culture, in which he helped employees with training and job promotion opportunities. He relied on an assistant to read his mail, and he used a voice-activated computer system to type correspondence. He memorized his speeches.  He made his presence known at Marriott properties. He told Washingtonian that a friend was once guiding him through a hotel lobby when he sensed his escort pause, reach down and pick up trash — the “Marriott bend,” he called it. He immediately called the general manager to report litter. Stephen Garff Marriott was born in Washington on April 15, 1959, and grew up in Chevy Chase. He graduated in 1977 from the private St. Albans School in the District and in 1983 from Brigham Young University in Utah. He received a master’s degree in business administration from Arizona State University in 1985. Since 1996, he chaired the Marriott Business Councils worldwide, which promote company culture, community service and public policy. In May, he received the council’s top award, which has been named in his honor. He served on boards representing people with disabilities, including the American Foundation for the Blind. He also was an Eagle Scout and served on the National Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America         1 of 109       Full Screen Autoplay  Close                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Skip Ad   ×           Notable deaths of 2013      View Photos   A look at those who have died this year.    Caption   A look at those who died last year.   James Avery Actor James Avery, best known for playing Uncle Phil on the 1990s sitcom “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,” died in Los Angeles on Dec. 31. He was 65. Jason Merritt/Getty Images  Buy Photo          Wait 1 second to continue.           Survivors include his wife of 32 years, Juliana Baughman Marriott of Potomac; three children, S. Blake Marriott of Boston and Jennifer Jackson and Ashley Samuelian, both of Orange County, Calif.; his parents, Bill and Donna Marriott of Bethesda; two brothers, John W. Marriott III and David Marriott, both of Potomac; a sister, Deborah Harrison of Potomac; and five grandchildren. Stephen Marriott died at his home in Potomac, said his father, who is now Marriott International executive chairman. The cause was complications from mitochondrial disease. He said his son was properly diagnosed about 20 years ago and in recent years had taken an experimental drug that likely helped prolong his life. He pulled back only slightly from a full workload. And he relied heavily on a disciplined memory for work and other activities. “He taught Sunday school classes in his 40s and, one day, he wrote the names on the board of the 12 tribes of Israel from memory,” Bill Marriott said. “I asked him where he remembered that from, and he said he learned it at St. Albans 20 years earlier.”             Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                         Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                         Most Read        1   He was brought to Virginia as a toddler, deported at 19. He died in an overheated tractor-trailer trying to return.       2   No firm travel plans for the solar eclipse? Here’s what to expect if you wing it.       3   These potato chip cans held a surprise: Smuggled king cobras       4   ‘Giving up wasn’t an option’: How one man beat the odds to graduate from college       5   ‘We are shot! We are shot!’ An ICE agent’s final moments resound in U.S. court.            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe            washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices                                                         

	STEPHEN MARRIOTT Obituary - Washington, DC | The Washington Post
























































 POWERED BYSearch



























STEPHEN G. MARRIOTT 







Notice





Guest Book


27 entries 


"I am so sorry to hear about your lost my condolences to you..." 
"Stephen was an amazing person; to know him was a pleasure..."- Linda Whitten Stalters
"Dear Marriott family, I hope the joy of remembering soon..."- Joe Sebestyen
"May the memories of a life well lived be of great comfort..."- Ingrid Isaac
"Juliana and family, our thoughts and prayers are with you..."- Julie Bender Silver


The Guest Book is expired.

Restore the Guest Book












 STEPHEN GARFF MARRIOTT   Executive Vice President for Culture at Marriott International, the global hotel company founded by his grandparents in 1927, passed away after a prolonged battle with a degenerative mitochondrial disease on June 23, 2013. He was 54 years old.  He is survived by his wife Juliana Baughman Marriott and their children: Stephen Blake, Jennifer and her husband, Bob Jackson, Ashley and her husband, Spencer Samuelian, five adored grandchildren, his parents, Bill and Donna Marriott, brothers, John and David and sister Debbie Marriott Harrison. All those who wish to celebrate Stephen's life are invited to Joseph Gawler's Sons LLC, 5130 Wisconsin Avenue, NW, Washington, DC, at 7pm on Wednesday June 26th. A funeral service will be held at 12 noon on Thursday, June 27th at the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints located at 9900 Stoneybrook Drive, Kensington, Maryland. In lieu of flowers, a contribution can be made to the Washington Chapter of the Boy Scouts of America. www.scouting.org - go to donate, then type in the zip code 20016 for the Washington Chapter.  




Funeral Home


Joseph Gawler's Sons, LLC
5130 Wisconsin Ave NWWashington, DC  20016     
(202) 966-6400


Funeral Home Details


Send Flowers






                        
                        Published in The Washington Post from June 25 to June 27, 2013
                    



Print

 | 
View Guest Book
 | 

















Helpful Links

Additional Resources


Send Funeral Flowers


Donate to Charity


How To Submit A Death Notice




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note


Advice on Coping with Loss






 
Return to today's Death Notices for The Washington Post













Follow this Obituary










Remember on Facebook
                            





Follow via email




*Please enter a valid email address.





	
                            Bookmark this memorial on Facebook with the My Memorials™ application. My Memorials™ helps you honor departed family members, friends, and even favorite celebrities – all on your Facebook page.
                        




                        Thank you. You have now memorialized  on Facebook.
                        



The My Memorials Facebook app allows you to:

Connect with memorials that are important to you.
Get updates on your memorials in your Facebook News Feed.
Share your memories with your Facebook friends.


VIEW YOUR MY MEMORIALS PAGE
OR
Return to Obituary










No, ThanksGO


CLOSE


Close












Funeral Home Details









Website



Map/Directions




Joseph Gawler's Sons, LLC
Washington, DC    (202) 966-6400























































 
















MARRIOTT STEPHEN BLAKE Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MARRIOTT STEPHEN BLAKE
                    

•   BETHESDA, MD
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Marriott Stephen Blake is based out of Bethesda.    WhaleWisdom has at least 2 13D/G filings in our database for Marriott Stephen Blake.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MARRIOTT STEPHEN BLAKE, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




marriott stephen blake


10400 FERNWOOD ROAD

BETHESDA
MD
                                                        
                                                    20817









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/01/2017
SC 13G/A filed on 02/13/2017
4 filed on 11/14/2016
SC 13G filed on 05/25/2016
4 filed on 12/05/2014
4 filed on 09/26/2014
4 filed on 06/30/2014
4 filed on 03/28/2014
4 filed on 02/26/2014
4 filed on 11/13/2013











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC)


      CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY
    

      2,006,854
    

      170,281,561.90
    

      1
    

      13G
    

      2016-12-31
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















﻿






























American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Has $717,000 Position in Marriott International (NASDAQ:MAR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Marriott International

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Marriott International with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Points International (NASDAQ:PCOM) Given News Impact Score of 0.31
Planet Payment (NASDAQ:PLPM) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
Pure Storage (NYSE:PSTG) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds
Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Primerica (NYSE:PRI) Share Price
Skullcandy (NASDAQ:SKUL) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.15
Reading International (NASDAQ:RDI) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.24
Cohen & Steers REIT/Pfd Inc Fd (NYSE:RNP) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds
Rexnord Corporation (NYSE:RXN) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Comparing J & J Snack Foods Corp. (NASDAQ:JJSF) & Diamond Foods (DMND)
Comparing DASAN Zhone Solutions (NASDAQ:DZSI) & One Horizon Group (OHGI)
Zacks: Analysts Expect E.W. Scripps Company (The) (NYSE:SSP) Will Announce Earnings of $0.06 Per Share
Head-To-Head Survey: Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) and J & J Snack Foods Corp. (NASDAQ:JJSF)
FairPoint Communications (FRP) and ARC Group Worldwide (NASDAQ:ARCW) Financial Survey
Triumph Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:TBK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.33 Per Share
Zacks: Travis Perkins (NASDAQ:TVPKF) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts
FedEx Corporation (FDX) Stake Held by Covey Capital Advisors LLC
Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:SGMO) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.23 Per Share
H&R Block, Inc. (HRB) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
Gannett Co., Inc. (GCI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Potlatch Corporation (PCH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages







American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Has $717,000 Position in Marriott International (NASDAQ:MAR)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 18th, 2017 // No Comments




American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. held its stake in  Marriott International (NASDAQ:MAR) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 7,145 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc.’s holdings in Marriott International were worth $717,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of  Marriott International during the first quarter worth approximately $115,000.  High Point Bank & Trust Co. raised its stake in shares of  Marriott International by 11.5% in the fourth quarter. High Point Bank & Trust Co. now owns 1,450 shares of the company’s stock worth $120,000 after buying an additional 149 shares during the period.  TrimTabs Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  Marriott International by 89.1% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 1,562 shares of the company’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 736 shares during the period.  First Bank & Trust raised its stake in shares of  Marriott International by 3.6% in the first quarter. First Bank & Trust now owns 1,681 shares of the company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 59 shares during the period.  Finally, Ruggie Capital Group acquired a new stake in shares of  Marriott International during the first quarter worth approximately $171,000. Institutional investors own  66.98% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Marriott International alerts:



Marriott International (MAR) opened at 101.34 on Tuesday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $104.49 and a 200-day moving average of $92.52. Marriott International has a one year low of $65.91 and a one year high of $110.51. The stock has a market capitalization of $38.40 billion, a P/E ratio of 35.90 and a beta of 1.35. 





Marriott International (NASDAQ:MAR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $1.01 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.11. Marriott International had a return on equity of 38.10% and a net margin of 4.91%. The company had revenue of $5.56 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.28 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.87 earnings per share. Marriott International’s revenue was up 47.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts predict that  Marriott International will post $4.04 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th were given a dividend of $0.33 per share. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, May 17th. This is a boost from Marriott International’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.30. This represents a $1.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.30%. Marriott International’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 47.48%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Has $717,000 Position in Marriott International (NASDAQ:MAR)” was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/18/american-national-registered-investment-advisor-inc-has-717000-position-in-marriott-international-nasdaqmar.html. 
A number of brokerages have commented on MAR. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Marriott International from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, May 29th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  restated an “overweight” rating and set a $111.00 price target on shares of Marriott International in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Barclays PLC  restated a “hold” rating and set a $105.00 price target on shares of Marriott International in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Instinet boosted their price target on shares of Marriott International from $100.00 to $121.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  restated an “outperform” rating and set a $109.00 price target (up previously from $92.00) on shares of Marriott International in a research note on Monday, June 12th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned  a hold rating and ten have issued  a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $97.97.
In related news, insider David S. Marriott sold 19,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, May 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $103.26, for a total transaction of $2,013,570.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 638,636 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $65,945,553.36. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider David A. Rodriguez sold 10,101 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $101.30, for a total value of $1,023,231.30. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 21,224 shares in the company, valued at $2,149,991.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 55,117 shares of company stock worth $5,685,295 over the last ninety days. 17.07% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About Marriott International
Marriott International, Inc (Marriott International) is a lodging company. Marriott International operates in three business segments: North American Full-Service, North American Limited-Service and International. Its North American Full-Service segment includes its Luxury and Premium brands (JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Westin, Renaissance Hotels, Le Meridien, Autograph Collection Hotels, Delta Hotels, Gaylord Hotels, and Tribute Portfolio) located in the United States and Canada.







Receive News & Ratings for Marriott International Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marriott International and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 






















































































Insider Trading - Marriott Stephen Blake - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Marriott Stephen Blake





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-10Sale
2016-11-1406:00 am
Marriott International Inc
MAR
Marriott Stephen BlakeOther
4,500
$73.67
$331,515
24,227,118(IndirectDirect)
View










    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Wed, 26 Jul 2017 09:51:13 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  












Insider trading history of Marriott Stephen Blake    at Marriott International Inc /md/ 



















Insider Monitor



Realtime

Insider Buys 

Insider buys today     
Insider buys 1 day ago
Insider buys 2 days ago
Insider buys 3 days ago
Insider buys 4 days ago
Insider buys 5 days ago
Insider buys 6 days ago
Insider buys 7 days ago
Insider buys 8 days ago
Insider buys 9 days ago
Insider buys 10 days ago



Insider Sales 

Insider sales today       
Insider sales 1 day ago
Insider sales 2 days ago
Insider sales 3 days ago
Insider sales 4 days ago
Insider sales 5 days ago
Insider sales 6 days ago
Insider sales 7 days ago



Top 10 

Top 10 insider buys of the week
Top 10 officer buys of the week
Top 10 insider buys of the month
Top 10 officer buys of the month
Top 10 insider sales of the week
Top 10 insider sales of the month









               
		







 Insider Stock Trading History of Marriott Stephen Blake  








The following table details the trading activities 
(stock purchases, stock sales, and stock option exercises) 
reported to 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
by insider Marriott Stephen Blake  since year 2005. 
The trader's CIK number is 1588714.
At the time of this reporting, Marriott Stephen Blake  is the Other of Marriott International Inc /md/ . 
(stock ticker symbol MAR).
See this page for all insider trading activities at Marriott International Inc /md/ . 





Stock purchases, sales, and option exercises reported by insider Marriott Stephen Blake  since 2005.
  

   Trade Date   
 Symbol 
 Company Name (Issuer) 
 Trade Type 
     Shares   
     Price ($)
   Value ($) 

 2017-05-31  MAR  Marriott International Inc /md/   Sale  3,733  107.44  401,073 
 2016-11-10  MAR  Marriott International Inc /md/   Sale  4,500  73.67  331,515 
 2014-09-25  MAR  Marriott International Inc /md/   Sale  2,500  71.15  177,875 
 2014-06-27  MAR  Marriott International Inc /md/   Sale  1,500  63.84  95,760 
 2014-02-24  MAR  Marriott International Inc /md/   Sale  10,331  53.42  551,882 
 2013-11-12  MAR  Marriott International Inc /md/   Sale  4,800  46.39  222,672 
 2013-11-12  MAR  Marriott International Inc /md/   Option Ex  4,800  15.63  75,024 


Insider trading activities including stock purchases, stock sales, and option exercises
listed in the above table cannot be completely guaranteed as to their accuracy.
For more  information regarding the trades made by Marriott Stephen Blake  
(Other of Marriott International Inc /md/  at the time of this reporting) see 

the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  website.


















 



















Newest Insider Buys 
Insider Trading Resources 
Archive  
Privacy  
Contact  
2016,2017 Market Holidays 
Market Hours 






Tweet



 ©2017, insider-monitor.com. All rights reserved. 
 



















"Considerations For a Hotel Investment" by Stephen Blake Marriott













































Skip to main content

University of Nevada, Las Vegas





Digital Scholarship@UNLV

My AccountFAQAboutSubmit ResearchHome







< Previous
Next >
 


Home
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		Theses and Dissertations
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		2834











UNLV Theses, Dissertations, Professional Papers, and Capstones



Title
Considerations For a Hotel Investment



Author
Stephen Blake Marriott



Award Date
12-2016



Degree Type
Professional Paper



Degree Name
Master of Science in Hotel Administration



Department
Hotel Administration



First Committee Member
Bo Bernhard



Abstract
This writing will provide novice hotel investors, new owners, and hotel associates new insight on hotel investments. This writing discusses industry topics such as: the definition of a hotel asset, an overview of occupancy and transaction levels, different kinds of risk related to hotel investments, location, franchising, the hotel investment cycle, incremental and base impact, and hotel construction related issues. At the conclusion, the reader will be familiar with a few uncommon concepts that affect a hotel investment.



Keywords
Hospitality industry--Management; Hotels; Investments; Real estate investment



Disciplines
Business | Hospitality Administration and Management



Language
English



Repository Citation

    Marriott, Stephen Blake, "Considerations For a Hotel Investment" (2016). UNLV Theses, Dissertations, Professional Papers, and Capstones.  2834.
    
    
    
        http://digitalscholarship.unlv.edu/thesesdissertations/2834
    













        Download
      












 Downloads
Since February 15, 2017






Included in

Hospitality Administration and Management Commons





Share















COinS




 




 
 








		Enter search terms:
	







		Select context to search:
	



in this series
in this repository
across all repositories






			Advanced Search
		






				Notify me via email or RSS







Browse

Collections
Disciplines
Authors






				Author FAQ
			
















 





Digital Commons





					Home
			 | 
			
					About
			 | 
			
					FAQ
			 | 
			
					My Account
			 | 
			
					Accessibility Statement
			



                                        Privacy
    			

                                        Copyright
    			

All items in Digital Scholarship@UNLV are protected by original copyright, with all rights reserved, unless otherwise indicated.




