

Ellen R. Marram






















































Search lilly.com for content


















				Ellen R. Marram
			

				President
			
The Barnegat Group LLC



Ellen R. Marram is the president of The Barnegat Group LLC, a firm that provides business advisory services. She was a managing director at North Castle Partners, LLC from 2000 to 2005 and an advisor to the firm from 2006 to 2010.  Marram has been a member of the board of directors of Eli Lilly and Company since 2002. She was elected lead independent director effective April 2012.
From 1993 to 1998, Marram was president and chief executive officer of Tropicana and the Tropicana Beverage Group. She steadily grew revenue and earnings and nearly doubled margins as she transformed Tropicana from a Florida juice company to a market-driven, health-focused, global juice business, number one in worldwide sales and profits. During Marram’s tenure, Tropicana nearly tripled its shareholder value and was sold to PepsiCo in 1998 for $3.3 billion.
From 1988 to 1993, Marram was president and chief executive officer of the Nabisco Biscuit Company, the largest operating unit of Nabisco, Inc. Under her leadership, the company significantly increased sales and margins and had one of the most successful new product records in the food industry. Marram’s vision and direction led to the 1992 launch of SnackWell’s cookies and crackers, which pioneered low fat snacking and is considered one of the most successful new products of the 1990s.
From 1987 to 1988, Marram was president of Nabisco’s grocery division. From 1970 to 1986, she held a series of marketing positions at Nabisco/Standard Brands, Johnson & Johnson, and Lever Brothers.
Marram is a member of the board of directors of Ford Motor Company and The New York Times Company, as well as several private companies. She also serves on the boards of Wellesley College, Institute for the Future, New York-Presbyterian Hospital, Lincoln Center Theater, and Families and Work Institute. She is a past member of the board of associates of Harvard Business School and a past trustee of the Conference Board.
She is a 1968 graduate of Wellesley College and earned an MBA in 1970 from Harvard Business School, and has received alumni achievement awards from both institutions. She was named one of the Top 25 Managers of the Year by Business Week in January 1998.





















Ellen R. Marram: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 1:08 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp III.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ellen R. Marram  Special Advisor, KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp III.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 12 Board Members in 12 different organizations across 21 different industries.See Board Relationships70--
Background

		Ms. Ellen R. Marram serves as Senior Managing Director and Senior Advisor of Brock Capital Group LLC. Ms. Marram serves as the President of The Barnegat Group. She serves as Senior Advisor of Mill Road Capital. She serves as an Advisor of Healthiest You Corporation. She serves as Special Advisor of KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp III and KBL Acquisition Corp. IV. She serves as a Strategic Advisor of Physic Ventures, LLC. She served as Managing Director of North Castle ... Partners, LLC from joining in September 2000 to 2005. She served as an Operating Advisor of North Castle Partners, LLC, North Castle Partners III, L.P. and North Castle Capital Partners IV, L.P. She served as the Chief Executive Officer of a start-up B2B exchange for the food industry. She served as Executive Vice President of The Seagram Company Ltd. and Senior Vice President of the Nabisco Foods Group. She served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of The Tropicana Beverage Group from 1997 to 1998. She served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at Tropicana and Nabisco, Inc. from 1993 to 1998, where she steadily grew revenue and earnings. In her tenure, Tropicana nearly tripled its shareholder value and was sold to PepsiCo in 1998. From 1988 to 1993, she served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Nabisco Biscuit Company, where she consistently produced strong revenue and profit growth in a highly leveraged environment. She led the 1992 launch of SnackWell's cookies and crackers. She served as the President of Nabisco's Grocery Division from 1987 to 1988 and from 1970 to 1986, she was in marketing management at Nabisco/Standard Brands, Johnson & Johnson and Lever Brothers. Ms. Marram serves as the Chairman of Naked Juice Company. She has been an Independent Director of Ford Motor Company since 1988 and has been its Lead Independent Director since May 08, 2013. She serves as Member of Advisory Board of First Aid Beverages, Inc. She serves as a Director of SmartReceipt, Inc. She has been Lead Independent Director of Eli Lilly and Company since April 2012 and its Director since June 2002. She serves as a Director of Red Door Spas. She serves as a Member of Scientific & Advisory Board at KBL Merger Corp. IV. She serves as a Member of Advisory Board at CTPartners Board Consultants, Physic Ventures, LLC and Blue Ridge Partners Management Consulting, LLC. She served as an Independent Director of The New York Times Company since 1998 until April 19, 2017. She serves as the Chairman of HDS Cosmetics Lab. She is a Trustee of Wellesley College. She serves as Emeritus Member of The Americas Advisory Board of Deutsche Bank AG. She served as a Member of advisory Board at The Alexander Proudfoot Company. She serves as Trustee of Institute for the Future and The New York and Presbyterian Hospital. She served as the Chairman at Avalon Natural Products and DDF. She served as an Acting Chairperson of Eli Lilly and Company from May 2013 to July 2013. She served as Member of the Americas Advisory Board of Deutsche Bank AG since November 2008. She served as Presiding Director of The New York Times Company from 2006 to 2013. She served as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Cadbury Limited from June 1, 2007 to September 30, 2008. She served as a Director of Acirca, Inc. and Galileo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. She served as a Director of Mozido, LLC since July 3, 2012 and Fresh Direct, LLC since September 2006. She served as a Trustee of The Conference Board, Inc. and Member of the Board of Associates of Harvard Business School. She served as a Director of The Harvard Business School Club of Greater New York, Inc. She is a Member of the Healthcare Executive Leadership Network. She serves on a number of nonprofit Boards including City Meals-on-Wheels, Lincoln Center Theater and The Families and Work Institute and Citymeals-on-Wheels. At Tropicana, she was named one of the Top 25 Managers of the Year by Business Week. She has received Alumni Achievement Awards from both institutions. Ms. Marram received a Bachelor of Arts in economics from Wellesley College and an MBA from Harvard University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
380 Lexington AvenueNew York, New York 10168United StatesPhone: 212-319-5555Fax: 212-319-5591
Board Members Memberships
ChairmanNaked Juice CompanyTrusteeThe New York and Presbyterian HospitalTrusteeInstitute For The FutureDirectorSmartReceipt, Inc.1988-PresentLead Independent DirectorFord Motor Company2002-PresentLead Independent DirectorEli Lilly and Company2006-PresentDirectorFresh Direct, LLC
Education
MBA Harvard Business SchoolBA 1968Wellesley College
Other Affiliations
Galileo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.North Castle Partners, LLCFord Motor CompanyNaked Juice CompanyCadbury LimitedEli Lilly and CompanyThe New York Times CompanyAcirca, Inc.Harvard Business SchoolThe New York and Presbyterian HospitalNabisco, Inc.North Castle Partners III, L.P.Wellesley CollegeThe Conference Board, Inc.Fresh Direct, LLCCTPartners Board ConsultantsAlexander Proudfoot CompanyThe Harvard Business School Club of New York, Inc.Brock Capital Group LLCMill Road Capital LPNorth Castle Capital Partners IV, L.P.Blue Ridge Partners Management Consulting, LLCPhysic Ventures, LLCTropicana Beverages CompanyKBL Acquisition Corp. IVInstitute For The FutureMozido, LLCSmartReceipt, Inc.Healthiest You CorporationFirst Aid Beverages, Inc.KBL Merger Corp. IV


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp III., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Ellen R. Marram | Ford Media Center





























Close
Media Log In



Check Back Soon.
Sorry, your request for access is still pending. Check back soon.


Try Again.
Sorry, your email address or password is incorrect. Please try again.

Email

Password

Forgot password?


Why Register?
You will be able to access:

Content tailored to your personal preferences
Favorite content saved within your briefcase
Media advisories, newsletters, and email alerts
PR contact information





Log In


Register Now











Close
Welcome
Registration














Email

*
















Password

*





Your passwords must be 8 characters in length and contain at least one uppercase letter and one number.








Retype Your Password

*


















First Name

*













Last Name

 *














Address

 *













Country

 *



Select a Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of The
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe









Zip Code

 *















Job Title

*













Company/Affiliation

*














City

 *













State/Province

* 



Select a State














Primary Focus

* 



Select best answer
Broadcast/TV
Blog/Social
Ford Team Member
Print/Wire Service
Web
Other











Comments




















 

 




Agree





By checking this box, for the purposes of obtaining access to the www.media.ford.com or the www.media.lincoln.com website, I agree to the privacy statement and voluntarily give consent to have my personally identifiable information collected, processed, and stored in Ford Motor Company's databases located in Michigan, USA and to global transfers of this information within Ford and its affiliates, and their service providers. 








 
 








Contact media@ford.com for assistance.























Thank you for your interest in The Ford Motor Company Media Center.  We will do our best to process your information quickly.











Close
Forgot Password

Enter your email below and we'll send a link to help you access your account.

Try Again.
Sorry, your email address is not recognized.

Email




Send



An email has been sent.
Instructions on how to reset your password have been sent to the email you entered.







Close
Subscribe to RSS Feeds




Region

{{#each regions}}{{name}}{{/each}}



Back {{name}}




{{#each countries}}{{name}}{{/each}}





Back {{name}}

{{#each languages}}{{name}}{{/each}}






All Releases

Highlights
Features
Corporate Citizenship
History
Manufacturing
Marketing & Customer Service
Motorsports
People
Product
Safety & Technology
Sales & Financial Results
Sustainability










Close
Preview






Images, video and audio from this Web site are provided without login for the purpose of editorial use only.
You must contact media@ford.com to obtain approval for advertising, marketing or other commercial uses.


Are you sure that you want to delete the selected briefcase items?


Are you sure that you want to delete the selected slideshows?






Close
Search




Region

{{#each regions}}{{ name}}{{/each}}



Back {{name}}




{{#each countries}}{{name}}{{/each}}





Back {{name}}

{{#each languages}}{{name}}{{/each}}





From



Invalid Date




To



Invalid Date





		        	Sort By | Date






	              				Sort By Date



	              					Sort By Relevance




 
Clear



Start typing to search...
Please hit Enter or Start typing to apply the changes...










Photo
Video
All





Global
Regional
Local












0 / 0
Loading...










Close
Downloads



Documents


PDF

Ellen R. Marram



Images



1127 x 1200 (72 dpi, 1.1 MB)

Ellen R. Marram




1127 x 1200 (72 dpi, 1.1 MB)

Ellen R. Marram

 






Go Further
The Ford Motor CompanyMediaCenter



Log In

 us | en
Contacts
RSS







Search









Downloads





Jul 26, 2013
Ellen R. Marram
Member, Board of Directors, Ford Motor Company
Ellen R. Marram was elected to the Ford Motor Company board of directors in 1988. She serves as its presiding independent director. She also serves on the compensation committee, nominating and governance committee and sustainability and innovation committee.
Marram is president of Barnegat Group, a business advisory firm. From 2000 through 2005, she was managing director of North Castle Partners, a private equity firm. Prior to that, from 1997 to 1998, she was president and chief executive officer of The Tropicana Beverage Group, having served as the group’s president from 1993 to 1997.

Marram was senior vice president of Nabisco Foods Group and president and chief executive officer of Nabisco Biscuit Company from 1988 to 1993. From 1987 to 1988, she was president of Nabisco Grocery Division.

Marram received a Bachelor of Arts in economics from Wellesley College and an MBA from Harvard University. She is a trustee of Wellesley College.

She also serves as a director at The New York Times Company and Eli Lilly and Company.














Close
Select a Location

Current Location United States | English


Region



Country








Language





















F Ellen R. Marram Insider Trades for Ford Motor Co.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ford Motor Co.

                  NYSE: F
          







GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ford Motor Co.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 7:59 p.m.


F

/quotes/zigman/264304/composite


$
11.53




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 233,987
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/264304/composite
Previous close

$
			11.70
		


$
				11.53
			
Change

-0.17
-1.45%





Day low
Day high
$11.46
$11.62










52 week low
52 week high

            $10.67
        

            $13.99
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Ellen R. Marram



Ms. Ellen R. Marram is President at The Barnegat Group LLC, Lead Independent Director at Eli Lilly & Co., Lead Independent Director at The New York Times Co., Independent Director at Ford Motor Co., an Advisor at Physic Ventures LLC, Senior Managing Director & Member at Brock Capital Group LLC, and Senior Advisor at Mill Road Capital Management LLC. She is on the Board of Directors at Eli Lilly & Co., The New York Times Co., NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, Ford Motor Co., Vivian Beaumont Theater, Inc., Families & Work Institute, Institute for the Future, SmartReceipt, Inc., Wellesley College, Lincoln Center Theatre, Vision 7 International ULC, and Newman's Own, Inc.
Ms. Marram was previously employed as Non-Executive Director by Cadbury Holdings Ltd., Non-Executive Director by Cadbury Plc, a Managing Director by North Castle Partners LLC, President & Chief Executive Officer by Efdex, Inc., Executive Vice President by The Seagram Co. Ltd., Executive Vice President by Joseph E. Seagram & Sons, Inc., President & Chief Executive Officer by Tropicana Beverage Group, President & Chief Executive Officer by Tropicana Products, Inc., Senior Vice President by Nabisco Foods Co., President & Chief Executive Officer by Nabisco Biscuit Co., Senior Vice President by Nabisco, Inc., an Associate by Harvard University, a Member-Associates Board by Harvard Business School, and a Trustee by The Conference Board, Inc. She also served on the board at Mozido, Inc. and Citymeals-on-Wheels.
She received her undergraduate degree from Wellesley College and an MBA from Harvard University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. William Clay Ford 
Executive Chairman




Mr. James P. Hackett 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Robert L. Shanks 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Jeff  Lemmer 
Vice President & COO-Information Technology




Dr. Ken  Washington 
Chief Technology Officer




Mr. Bradley M. Gayton 
Chief Administrative Office & Group Vice President




Mr. Hau  Thai-Tang 
Executive VP-Product Development & Purchasing




Mr. Peter David Fleet 
Vice President & President-Asia Pacific




Mr. Raj  Nair 
President-North America & Executive Vice President




Mr. Steven  Armstrong 
Group Vice President & President-EMEA Region




Mr. Gideon  Wolthers 
Director-Business Strategy & Corporate Development




Mr. Jim  Farley 
Executive VP & President-Global Markets




Ms. Marcy  Klevorn 
Executive Vice President & President-Mobility




Mr. Paul D. Ballew 
Vice President, Chief Data & Analytics Officer




Mr. Joseph R. Hinrichs 
Executive VP & President-Global Operation




Ms. Shelby  Smith 
Manager-Business Development




Mr. Musa  Tariq 
Chief Brand Officer & Vice President




Ms. Kimberly  Pittel 
Group Vice President-Sustainability & Environment




Ms. Emily Kolinski Morris 
Chief Economist




Mr. Stuart John  Rowley 
Vice President-Strategy




Ms. Lisa  Sperling 
Director-Employee Benefits




Mr. Don  Butler 
Executive Director-Connected Vehicle & Services




Mr. Frederiek  Toney 
President-Global Ford Customer Service Division




Mr. Thierry  Sabbagh 
Managing Director-Middle East Region




Mr. John  Casesa 
Group Vice President-Global Strategy




Ms. Birgit A.  Behrendt 
Vice President-Programs & Purchasing Operations




Mr. Burt  Jordan 
VP-Powertrain Purchasing & Supplier Diversity




Mr. Bennie W. Fowler 
Group VP-Global Quality & New Model Launch




Mr. Sam  Smith 
Director-Long Term Funding & Securitization




Mr. Bill  Dirksen 
Vice President-Labor Affairs




Mr. Bruce W. Hettle 
Group VP-Manufacturing & Labor Affairs




Mr. Robert J. Fascetti 
Vice President-Powertrain Engineering




Mr. Marion B. Harris 
Assistant Treasurer




Mr. Ashwani Kumar  Galhotra 
Vice President & President-Lincoln Brand




Mr. John  Viera 
Global Director-Sustainability




Mr. Paul  Andonian 
Global Accounting Director




Ms. Raphael  Richmond 
Compliance Director




Mr. Moray  Callum 
Group Vice President-Design




Mr. Frank  Davis 
Executive Director-North America Engineering




Ms. Elena Anne Ford 
VP-Global Dealer & Consumer Experience




Mr. Kenneth R. Kent 
Controller-Americas




Mr. Edsel B. Ford 
Director




Mr. Neil M. Schloss 
Treasurer & Vice President




Mr. Mark  Ovenden 
Vice President-Marketing, Sales & Service




Mr. Erich  Merkle 
US Sales Analyst




Mr. James D. Farley 
Executive VP & President-Global Markets




Mr. Stephen Terence O'Dell 
Executive VP-Global Marketing, Sales & Services




Mr. Mark R. LaNeve 
Vice President-US Marketing, Sales & Services




Mr. John  Lawler 
Vice President & Controller




Mr. Mark  Truby 
Vice President-Communications




Ms. Felicia J. Fields 
Group VP-Human Resources & Corporate Services




Mr. Jonathan E. Osgood 
Secretary




Mr. Ziad S. Ojakli 
Group VP-Government & Community Relations




Mr. Stephen E. Biegun 
Vice President-International Governmental Affairs




Ms. Lynn M. Vojvodich 
Independent Director




Mr. John S. Weinberg 
Independent Director




Ms. Ellen R. Marram 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. William E. Kennard 
Independent Director




Ms. Kimberly A. Casiano 
Independent Director




Dr. John C. Lechleiter 
Independent Director




Mr. Anthony F. Earley 
Independent Director




Mr. John Lawson Thornton 
Independent Director




Mr. Jon Meade Huntsman 
Independent Director




Mr. Bill W. Helman 
Independent Director




Mr. Stephen G. Butler 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:09 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































































Ellen R. Marram - Bloomberg























































  






The archived article you requested, Ellen R. Marram is only available for Bloomberg Professional Service subscribers.

Read this article on the Terminal
Request a demo to learn more

If you believe that you may have received this message in error please let us know.












You might like:


Japan Pictures Likely Show Melted Fukushima Fuel for First Time


Shootout in Cancun: Narcos Take Their War Into Hot Beach Resorts


The Airports of the Future Are Here


Americans Are Quickly Losing Street Cred Abroad


The Meltdown in Venezuela's Currency Is Deepening



















Ellen R. Marram | Brock Capital
















































GO

 Contact Us




Toggle navigation






About Brock

Our Team
Select Clients
Contact Us


Investment Banking

Capital Markets
Mergers & Acquisitions
Real Estate


Advisory Services

Corporate Advisory
M&A Consulting
Private Equity & VC
Family Offices


Fiduciary Services

Independent Fiduciary


Our Team
News
Careers
 


 




Ellen R. Marram










Ellen R. Marram 






Ellen R. Marram

 Ellen Marram is a member of Brock Capital Group LLC and is the president of the Barnegat Group LLC, her business advisory firm. From 2000-2005, she was a Managing Director of North Castle Partners, a private equity firm focused on investments in healthy living and aging where she served as Chairman of several portfolio companies. She currently serves as an operating advisor to North Castle and to Physic Ventures, a venture capital firm.
Ms. Marram was President and Chief Executive Officer of Tropicana and the Tropicana Beverage Group from 1993-1998. she transformed the business from a Florida juice company to a market driven, health-focused global juice business,number one in worldwide sales and profits. During her tenure, Tropicana nearly tripled its shareholder value and was sold to PepsiCo in 1998 for $3.3 billion. From 1988-1993, Ms. Marram was the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Nabisco Biscuit Company where she consistently produced strong revenue and profit growth in a highly leveraged environment. Under her vision and direction the company launched the highly successful SnackWell’s line which pioneered low-fat snacking.
Ms. Marram is a director of Ford Motor Company, The New York Times Company and Eli Lilly and Company as well as several private companies and non-profit institutions.
Ms. Marram received her B.A. from Wellesley College and her M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.






About Brock
Investment Banking
Advisory Services
Fiduciary Services
Select Clients
Our Team
News
Careers
Engagements
Contact
Member Login
 © 2014-2016 Brock Capital Group LLC. All rights reserved.


















Ellen R. Marram, Board Dir., Ford Motor Co














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Ellen Marram 





 


Ellen Marram

 

Board Dir. - Ford Motor Co

 


Ellen Marram Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Ford Motor Co 

 

Company Website : 
www.ford.com 

 

Company Address : 
PO Box 6248, Dearborn, MN,United States, 


 


Ellen Marram Profile :
Board Dir. - Ford Motor Co 

 


Ellen Marram Biography :


Ms. Marram is President of the Barnegat Group LLC a business advisory firm. From September 2000 through December 2005 Ms. Marram was Managing Director of North Castle Partners LLC a private equity firm. Ms. Marram served as President and CEO of efdex inc. from August 1999 to May 2000. She previously served as President and CEO of Tropicana Beverage Group from September 1997 until November 1998 and had previously served as President of the Group as well as Executive Vice President of The Seagram Company Ltd. and Joseph E. Seagram & Sons Inc. Before joining Seagram in 1993 she served as President and CEO of Nabisco Biscuit Company and Senior Vice President of the Nabisco Foods Group from June 1988 until April 1993. 

 


Ellen Marram Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Joseph Bakaj 
VP - Product Programs, Product Development 
Please login 


Stephen Butler 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Susan Cischke 
Group VP - Sustainability, Environment, Safety Engineering 
Please login 


Thomas Brown 
Group VP - Global Purchasing 
Please login 


Mark Fields 
Exec. VP, Pres. - Americas 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.








Consumer Products | Brock Capital










































GO

 Contact Us




Toggle navigation






About Brock

Our Team
Select Clients
Contact Us


Investment Banking

Capital Markets
Mergers & Acquisitions
Real Estate


Advisory Services

Corporate Advisory
M&A Consulting
Private Equity & VC
Family Offices


Fiduciary Services

Independent Fiduciary


Our Team
News
Careers
 






 

Consumer Products











All Bios

Sub Categories Industries

Consumer Products

Energy

Financial Services

Health Care

Industrial

Natural Resources & Chemicals

Real Estate

Tech, Media, & Telecom

Transportation & Aerospace



Practices

Advisory Services

Corporate Advisory

M&A Advisory

Private Equity & VC



Fiduciary Services

Independent Fiduciary



Investment Banking



 


Industries - Consumer Products






 Ennius E. Bergsma 
                  Senior Managing Director                   

 
                    212-209-3000 ext. 210                  

 ebergsma@brockcapital.com 



Senior consultant, advisor in global corporate finance; corporate and business unit strategy, M&A and marketing in consumer goods, telecomm and e-commerce.
Investor, Director and Chief Strategy Officer, Passlogix; Chairman, the Netherland-America Foundation; Trustee, the Hewitt School; Honorary Board Member, Chair and President, Harvard Business School Club of Greater New York; Member, Harvard Business School Alumni Council. Former Senior Director, McKinsey & Company, Inc.; Founder and Leader, Global Corporate Finance Practice of McKinsey; Co-Leader, McKinsey’s E-Commerce Practice.
University of Leiden, the Netherlands, Candidate and Masters Degree in Corporate and Commercial Law; Harvard Business School, M.B.A. 
 Full Biography 



Ennius Bergsma is a Senior Managing Director with Brock Capital and focuses on Corporate Advisory including Strategic Planning, Valuations and Organic Growth.   He also advises clients on general finance matters and e-commerce opportunities.
In his 25 years at McKinsey & Company, Inc., where he was Senior Director, Mr. Bergsma founded and led the Firm’s global Corporate Finance Practice and was Co-Founder and Co-Leader of McKinsey’s E-Commerce Practice. He initiated McKinsey’s Marketing Sciences Practice, led the effort that synthesized McKinsey’s approach to Business Strategy, was a leader of McKinsey’s Consumer and Telecommunications sectors and was core member of the McKinsey Strategy Initiative that crafted the Firm’s priorities. Mr. Bergsma’s client service has focused on the development of new businesses in e-commerce, financial services, consumer goods and telecommunications. He led numerous teams creating new businesses, with values ranging from $500 million to $5 billion. Mr. Bergsma is still associated with the Firm as member of the McKinsey Advisory Council.
Mr. Bergsma helped establish Passlogix’s overall strategic direction and priorities. He joined Passlogix in 2000, but has been involved with Passlogix since its inception as both an investor and advisor.
He is Chairman of the Netherland-America Foundation, Trustee of the Hewitt School, Honorary Board Member, past Chair and President of the Harvard Business School Club of Greater New York and past member of Harvard Business School’s Executive Council. Mr. Bergsma holds a Candidate and Masters Degree with distinction in Corporate and Commercial Law from the University of Leiden in The Netherlands, and an M.B.A. with distinction from the Harvard Business School.
  Short Biography  









 Louis A. Bradbury 
                  Senior Managing Director                   

 
                    212-209-3000                  

 lbradbury@brockcapital.com 



Former CEO, tax lawyer, investment banker, principal in private equity firm; private investor. 
Former CEO, Bradbury & Company, Revere Copper & Brass; OCWEN Financial; Vice President, Merrill Lynch; Attorney, Covington & Burling; Department of Justice; President, Board of Directors, GMHC. 
Northwestern University B.A.; Harvard Law School J.D. 
 Full Biography 



Louis A. Bradbury is a member of Brock Capital Group LLC.
Previously, Mr. Bradbury was a Participating Fellow at Civic-Exchange Thinktank, where he performed analysis of macro factors impacting the labor situation in the Pearl River delta, Hong Kong, China. Prior to Civic-Exchange Thinktank, he worked at Bradbury & Company, which served as a primary vehicle for consulting and venture capital investing and which he also used for the management of personal and family assets.
Mr. Bradbury was President, CEO, and a Member of the Board of Directors at Revere Copper & Brass Inc., a Fortune 500 Company with sales of over $700M. Mr. Bradbury negotiated and directed tender offer and acquisition financing of the company. He also served as Executive Vice President and a Member of the Board of Directors at OCWEN Financial Company, where he was Head of M&A activities as principal in Merchant Banking Department.
Prior to that, Mr. Bradbury was a Vice President in Capital Markets at Merrill Lynch & Co and an Associate Attorney at Rogers & Wells, where he specialized in international taxation and securities and formed the Mexico Fund, a prototype mutual fund for equity securities of a foreign country. He was also an Associate Attorney at Covington & Burling, and an Attorney in the Appellate Division of the Tax Division of the U.S. Department of Justice.
Mr. Bradbury is President of the Board of Directors at the Calamus Foundation. Previously, he has served as a Member of the HIV Advisory Council for Save the Children (USA), a Member of the Board of Trustees for the Point Foundation, President of the Board of Directors at GMHC, Inc., a Member of Visiting Committee at Northwestern University, and a Member of the Board of Directors for Planned Parenthood of New York. In 2000, Mr. Bradbury received the Alumni Merit Award from Northwestern University.
Louis A. Bradbury has a B.A. from Northwestern University and a J.D. from Harvard Law School.
  Short Biography  









 Ellen R. Marram 
                  Senior Managing Director                   

 
                    212-209-3000 ext. 333                  

 emarram@brockcapital.com 



Former CEO, consumer products companies; branding/marketing expert; former private equity partner and chair of portfolio companies; director of public, private and non-profit institutions.
President, Barnegat Group LLC; Managing Director and Operating Advisor, North Castle Partners, LLC; Director and Chair, Nominating and Governance Committee, Eli Lilly & Co., Ford Motor Company; Presiding Director, Finance Committee Chair, The New York Times Company.
Former CEO, Tropicana; CEO, Nabisco Biscuit Company.
Wellesley College B.A.; Harvard Business School M.B.A. 
 Full Biography 



Ellen Marram is a member of Brock Capital Group LLC and is the president of the Barnegat Group LLC, her business advisory firm. From 2000-2005, she was a Managing Director of North Castle Partners, a private equity firm focused on investments in healthy living and aging where she served as Chairman of several portfolio companies. She currently serves as an operating advisor to North Castle and to Physic Ventures, a venture capital firm.
Ms. Marram was President and Chief Executive Officer of Tropicana and the Tropicana Beverage Group from 1993-1998. she transformed the business from a Florida juice company to a market driven, health-focused global juice business,number one in worldwide sales and profits. During her tenure, Tropicana nearly tripled its shareholder value and was sold to PepsiCo in 1998 for $3.3 billion. From 1988-1993, Ms. Marram was the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Nabisco Biscuit Company where she consistently produced strong revenue and profit growth in a highly leveraged environment. Under her vision and direction the company launched the highly successful SnackWell’s line which pioneered low-fat snacking.
Ms. Marram is a director of Ford Motor Company, The New York Times Company and Eli Lilly and Company as well as several private companies and non-profit institutions.
Ms. Marram received her B.A. from Wellesley College and her M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
  Short Biography  











About Brock
Investment Banking
Advisory Services
Fiduciary Services
Select Clients
Our Team
News
Careers
Engagements
Contact
Member Login
 © 2014-2016 Brock Capital Group LLC. All rights reserved.




















Mill Road Capital















                	Progressive Private Equity
                











Prior to joining Mill Road Capital, each of the firm’s senior investment professionals has held management leadership positions or consulting roles in operating companies.



















Ellen R. Marram
Senior Advisor

Ms. Marram has spent over 35 years anticipating market trends and emerging consumer needs, and building profitable brands and companies that address them.  She serves as the President of the Barnegat Group LLC, her business advisory firm.  Previously, she was a Managing Director of North Castle Partners, where she served as Chairman of several portfolio companies.  Prior to North Castle, Ms. Marram was President and Chief Executive Officer of Tropicana and the Tropicana Beverage Group.  During her tenure, Tropicana nearly tripled its shareholder value and was sold to PepsiCo for $3.3 billion. While at Tropicana, Ms. Marram was named one of the Top 25 Managers of the Year by BusinessWeek magazine.  Prior to Tropicana, Ms. Marram was President and Chief Executive Officer of the Nabisco Biscuit Company, where she consistently produced strong revenue and profit growth in a highly leveraged environment. Prior to this role, Ms. Marram was president of Nabisco's Grocery Division. Prior to Nabisco, she was in marketing management with Nabisco/Standard Brands, Johnson & Johnson, and Lever Brothers.
Ms. Marram is a member of the Board of Directors of Ford Motor Company, The New York Times Company, Eli Lilly and Company, several private companies in the food and consumer healthcare sectors, and a number of non-profit boards including New York Presbyterian Hospital, The Institute for the Future, Lincoln Center Theater, and Families and Work Institute.
Ms. Marram earned a B.A. from Wellesley College and an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School, and has received alumni achievement awards from both institutions.








Copyright © Mill Road Capital Management LLC
Mill Road Capital,  382 Greenwich Avenue, Suite One, Greenwich, CT 06830










Ellen R. Marram










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











Ellen R. MarramAKA Ellen Ruth MarramBorn: 1947Birthplace: Boston, MAGender: FemaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteOccupation: BusinessNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: CEO of Tropicana, 1997-98Spouse: (m., two stepchildren)    High School: Wellesley High School, Wellesley, MA (1964)    University: BA Economics, Wellesley College (1968)    University: MBA, Harvard Business School (1970)    The Barnegat Group LLC President (2005-)
    North Castle Partners LLC Managing Director (2000-05)
    Electronic Food & Drink Exchange Inc. President and CEO (1999-2000)
    Seagram & Sons President and CEO, Tropicana Beverage Group (1997-98)
    Seagram & Sons Group President, Tropicana Beverage Group (1993-97)
    Nabisco President and CEO of Nabisco Biscuit Company (1988-93)
    Nabisco Senior VP Nabisco Foods Group (1988-93)
    Nabisco President, Grocery Division (1987-88)
    Standard Brands Inc. (1977-)
    Johnson & Johnson 
    Lever Brothers 
    Member of the Board of Eli Lilly (2002-)
    Member of the Board of Ford Motors (1988-)
    Member of the Board of FreshDirect (2006-)
    Member of the Board of The New York Times Company (1998-)
    Bush-Quayle '92     The Conference Board trustee    Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee     Families and Work Institute Board of Directors
    Friends of Senator D'Amato 1998 Committee 5-Dec-1997 ($1000)    Health Executives Leadership Network 
    Institute for the Future     Lincoln Center Trustee    New York Presbyterian Hospital Board of Directors    Women's Campaign Forum 




New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


Ellen R. Marram


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERNew York Times CompanyEllen R. MarramRequires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsAmerican BusinessHelix Fossil







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














ellen r marram - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Ellen Degeneres Face Cream - Exposed on Ellen Show for Free



Ad
 ·
beauty.shoppingviews.com/​ellen-degeneres/​skin-care



Ellen DeGeneres Best Kept Anti-Aging Secret Finally Revealed...





Ellen Degeneres Show



Ellen DeGeneres Latest News




Ellen DeGeneres Blog



Ellen DeGeneres Beauty Tips
















R. Ellen Magenis




R. Ellen Magenis (September 24, 1925 – February 4, 2014) was a distinguished American pediatrician, medical geneticist and cytogeneticist. She was born in Gary, Indiana and received

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Ellen R. Marram - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/ellen-r-marram


Ellen R. Marram was paid $1,284,883 to sit on the boards of Ford Motor


- WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Ellen_R._Marram


S u r p r i s e M e! Sorry we don't recognize the wikipedia page that you requested. Also On Wow. Advertisement. Popular Articles.


Gerald L. Shaheen - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/gerald-l-shaheen


Gerald L. Shaheen was paid $1,249,168 to sit on the boards of Ford Motor


Irvine O. Hockaday, Jr. - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/irvine-o-hockaday-jr


Irvine O. Hockaday, Jr. was paid $999,931 to sit on the boards of Ford Motor


Edsel B. Ford II - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/edsel-b-ford-ii


Edsel B. Ford II was paid $3,533,469 to sit on the boards of Ford Motor


Anthony F. Earley, Jr. - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/anthony-f-earley-jr


From March 2009 to December 2012, if you bought shares in companies when Anthony F. Earley, Jr. joined the board, ... Ellen R. Marram and 12 more., , , , , ...


Richard A. Manoogian - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/richard-a-manoogian


Richard A. Manoogian was paid $1,278,102 to sit on the boards of Ford Motor


Kimberly A. Casiano - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/kimberly-a-casiano


Kimberly A. Casiano was paid $1,287,724 to sit on the boards of Ford Motor


Ford family keeps special voting rights - Autoblog

www.autoblog.com/2013/05/10/ford-family-keeps-special-voting-rights


Ford family keeps special voting rights. Jonathon Ramsey. May 10th 2013 at 6:30PM. ... Ford elected Ellen R. Marram to the post of independent director, ...


Stephen G. Butler - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/stephen-g-butler


Stephen G. Butler was paid $1,300,485 to sit on the boards of Ford Motor










Ellen Degeneres Face Cream - Exposed on Ellen Show for Free



Ad
 ·
beauty.shoppingviews.com/​ellen-degeneres/​skin-care



Ellen DeGeneres Best Kept Anti-Aging Secret Finally Revealed...





Ellen Degeneres Show



Ellen DeGeneres Latest News




Ellen DeGeneres Blog



Ellen DeGeneres Beauty Tips




Searches related toellen r marram



ellen marram ceo of tropicana


john c lechleiter



kimberly a casiano


stephen g butler




1234Next

Related Searches



ellen marram ceo of tropicana


john c lechleiter


kimberly a casiano


stephen g butler




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














ellen r marram - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Ellen Degeneres Face Cream - Exposed on Ellen Show for Free



Ad
 ·
beauty.shoppingviews.com/​ellen-degeneres/​skin-care



Ellen DeGeneres Best Kept Anti-Aging Secret Finally Revealed...





Ellen Degeneres Show



Ellen DeGeneres Latest News




Ellen DeGeneres Blog



Ellen DeGeneres Beauty Tips





Searches related toellen r marram



ellen marram ceo of tropicana


john c lechleiter



kimberly a casiano


stephen g butler





Featured Result


Best ellen marram ceo of tropicana results on the web




https://www.netfind.com/ellen+marram+ceo+of+tropicana

Discover the best on the web about ellen marram ceo of tropicana including news, videos and images.  The best content on the internet, all in one place for you to discover more.

Web Results

Ellen R. Marram: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Ms. Ellen R. Marram serves as Senior Managing Director and Senior Advisor of Brock Capital Group LLC. Ms. Marram serves as the President of The Barnegat Group.


Ellen R. Marram | Ford Media Center

https://media.ford.com/.../fna/us/en/people/ellen-marram.html


Ellen R. Marram is managing director of North Castle Partners, LLC, a private equity firm. Most recently she served as president and chief executive officer of efdex ...


Ellen R. Marram - Eli Lilly and Company

https://www.lilly.com/ellen-r-marram


Ellen R. Marram is the president of The Barnegat Group LLC, a firm that provides business advisory services. She was a managing director at North Castle Partners, LLC ...


Ellen R. Marram | Brock Capital

www.brockcapital.com/ellen-marram


Ellen R. Marram. Ellen Marram is a member of Brock Capital Group LLC and is the president of the Barnegat Group LLC, her business advisory firm.


Ellen R. Marram - Mill Road Capital

millroadcapital.com/Our-Team/ellen-r-marram.html


Ellen R. Marram Senior Advisor. Ms. Marram has spent over 35 years anticipating market trends and emerging consumer needs, and building profitable brands and ...


Ellen R. Marram - Blue Ridge PartnersBlue Ridge Partners

www.blueridgepartners.com/team/ellen-r-marram


Ellen R. Marram is a Senior Advisor of Brock Capital Group and an Operating Advisor at North Castle Partners, LLC. Previously, she served as Managing Director of ...


Ellen R. Marram - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/ellen-marram-ford-motor/salary/602094


View Ellen R. Marram, Lead Independent Director at Ford Motor Company, Dearborn, MI, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Ford Motor Company ...


Ellen R. Marram - NNDB

www.nndb.com/people/304/000127920


Ellen R. Marram. AKA Ellen Ruth Marram. Born: 1947 Birthplace: Boston, MA. Gender: Female Race or Ethnicity: White Occupation: Business. Nationality: United States ...


F Ellen R. Marram Insider Trades for Ford Motor Co.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/F/insiders?pid=21191


Ms. Ellen R. Marram is President at The Barnegat Group LLC, Lead Independent Director at Eli Lilly & Co., Lead Independent Director at The New York Times Co ...


Ellen R. Marram, Managing Director, North Castle Partners

https://www.vbprofiles.com/people/ellen-r-marram-54b67ef0b20906dc...


Curated profile of Ellen R. Marram, Managing Director, North Castle Partners including career history, news and intelligence, portfolio companies and investments.










Ellen Degeneres Face Cream - Exposed on Ellen Show for Free



Ad
 ·
beauty.shoppingviews.com/​ellen-degeneres/​skin-care



Ellen DeGeneres Best Kept Anti-Aging Secret Finally Revealed...





Ellen Degeneres Show



Ellen DeGeneres Latest News




Ellen DeGeneres Blog



Ellen DeGeneres Beauty Tips




Searches related toellen r marram



ellen marram ceo of tropicana


john c lechleiter



kimberly a casiano


stephen g butler




12345Next






Answers







R. Ellen Magenis



R. Ellen Magenis (September 24, 1925 – February 4, 2014) was a distinguished American pediatrician, medical geneticist and cytogeneticist. She was born...

more






Ellen R. Sandor



Ellen R. Sandor (born 1942) is an American new media artist. She is also founder of the Chicago-based (art)n, a collective of artists, scientists,...

more






Ellen Mitchell (philosopher)



literature and literary criticism. Biography Ellen M. Smith was born in Geddes, N.Y. to Harriet H. Rowland and Edwin R. Smith, the eldest of their four...

more










News Results






Joanne Ellen Petrangelo



Hibbing Daily Tribune - Hibbing...

 - Jul 20


, 62, lifelong Chisholm and Hibbing resident, passed away Monday, July 17, 2017, at St. Mary’s Hospital in Rochester, Minn., after a one-year battle...

more





Column Ellen Deckwitz Chocola



NRC Handelsblad Internet & Media

 - Jul 17


Vorige week had ik voor het eerst in tijden weer eens met W. afgesproken. Ik kon toen ze in zicht kwam mijn ‘Hoe is het?’ net op tijd inslikken. Haar...

more





Ellen Lindahl Ruch



Post-Journal

 - Jul 19


, 68, passed away Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at Heritage Park Rehab & Skilled Nursing. She was born in Jamestown on Sept. 30, 1948, the daughter of the...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








