

MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN)

































  Titres
                

Kyle Busch, Martin Truex Jr. Crash Out of Lead at Indianapolis 
U.S. dollar on the back foot 
US Fed opens 2-day meeting amid weak inflation 
International Monetary Fund cuts United Kingdom growth forecast 
Meghan Markle With Prince Harry At Pippa Middleton's Wedding Reception 
'Mother of all bombs' killed 94 ISIS fighters 
Susan Rice responsible for unmasking intercepts of Trump associates 


























Nouvelles
Financer Culture Science Sport Monde Santé Nationale 




Financer
Culture
Science
Sport
Monde
Santé
Nationale


 


MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN)
Xavier Trudeau
Juillet 20, 2017



Part












Finally, State Treasurer State of MI raised its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 1.3% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,200,257 shares of the industrial products company's stock valued at $189,966,000 after buying an additional 3,174,291 shares during the period. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 770,116 shares of the industrial products company's stock valued at $24,474,000 after buying an additional 373,086 shares during the period.
Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 33.51% of the company's stock. Elkfork Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Silgan Holdings during the fourth quarter worth about $115,000. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC increased its position in Silgan Holdings by 157.5% in the first quarter. Neuburgh Advisers LLC now owns 3,296 shares of the industrial products company's stock worth $196,000 after buying an additional 2,016 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE increased its position in shares of Silgan Holdings by 3.1% in the first quarter. The industrial products company reported $0.31 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.04. ProShare Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Silgan Holdings during the first quarter worth about $201,000.Prudential Financial Inc. decreased its stake in Silgan Holdings Inc. The stock decreased 0.28% or $0.09 during the last trading session, reaching $31.94. The firm's 50-day moving average is $31.76 and its 200-day moving average is $52.10. The company has a market capitalization of $3.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.07 and a beta of 0.55.Silgan Holdings Inc. has a 12-month low of $30.48 and a 12-month high of $32.50.Silgan Holdings (NASDAQ:SLGN) pays an annual dividend of Community Ranking:  with a yield of 1.12% and an average dividend growth of 6.70% based on a 3 Year Average. The business had revenue of $805.40 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $795.58 million. Silgan Holdings had a net margin of 4.14% and a return on equity of 28.84%. The firm's revenue for the quarter was up 1.6% compared to the same quarter past year. During the same period previous year, the firm earned $0.23 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Silgan Holdings Inc. will post $1.59 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first reported by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of USA and global copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://sportsperspectives.com/2017/07/20/marshall-wace-asia-ltd-acquires-new-stake-in-silgan-holdings-inc-slgn-updated-updated.html.A number of research firms recently commented on SLGN. Barclays PLC increased their target price on Silgan Holdings from $27.50 to $30.00 and gave the company an "equal weight" rating in a report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Silgan Holdings from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 27th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a "hold" rating and set a $30.00 price target (down from $60.00) on shares of Silgan Holdings in a research report on Monday, June 5th. KeyCorp reissued a "hold" rating on shares of Silgan Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a "buy" rating and issued a $34.00 price objective on shares of Silgan Holdings in a report on Sunday, July 9th. The institutional investor owned 22,970 shares of the industrial products company's stock after selling 15,240 shares during the period. Silgan Holdings presently has an average rating of "Hold" and an average target price of $29.42. The shares were sold at an average price of $61.56, for a total transaction of $347,383.08. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website.In related news, VP B Frederik Prinzen sold 3,204 shares of Silgan Holdings stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th.On 11/23/2016 Adam J. Greenlee, VP, sold 4,417 with an average share price of $50.03 per share and the total transaction amounting to $220,982.51. The disclosure for this sale can be found here.On 8/2/2016 Silgan Holdings announced a quarterly dividend of $0.09 1.38% with an ex dividend date of 8/30/2016 which will be payable on 9/15/2016. The Firm is a maker of rigid packaging for consumer goods products. The Firm operates in three business divisions: metal containers, closures and plastic containers. Its metal container segment is involved in the manufacture and sale of steel and aluminum containers for human and pet food and general line products.

 




D'autres rapports CampDesrEcrues 









20 Juillet 2017




Motiga officially launches 5v5 hero shooter very big  for PC and Xbox One









20 Juillet 2017




Premier aperçu de Lando Calrissian — Han Solo







The Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) to Release Earnings on Wednesday











20 Juillet 2017




Hunt for Leon Goretzka gathers pace









20 Juillet 2017




'Jet-set' monk arrives in Thailand after extradition from US









20 Juillet 2017




Salvador Dali's body exhumed for paternity test











20 Juillet 2017




Trailer : The Disaster Artist







Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect FireEye (NASDAQ:FEYE) Share Price









20 Juillet 2017




Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Shares Sold by Adams Asset Advisors LLC











20 Juillet 2017




Frontier adding direct flights from Detroit to Miami and Long Island







Astros interested in Tigers pitchers Justin Verlander, Justin Wilson









20 Juillet 2017




Florida safety Marcell Harris to miss entire 2017 season with torn Achilles









Articles récents Nouvelles


 
USA  increases H-2B visa cap by 15000




 
Nolan on more than £400000 and Evans the top earner — BBC pay




 
Etats généraux de l'alimentation: Emmanuel Macron absent de la première journée




Discuter de cet article








 LES PLUS LUS CampDesrEcrues




Sadiq Umar scores again, but Roma lose to PSG



Robert Mueller Is All Over Trump's Dubious Business Practices



Le marché des taux se détend après Mario Draghi — Bonds Europe



General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) is Howard Capital Management's 9th Largest Position



Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) Position Decreased by Tufton Capital Management



Moto Z2 Force leak reveals smaller battery, dual cameras and Snapdragon 835



CDC Releases New Diabetes Report with County-Level Data



Le maillot à pois ne changera plus d'épaules — Sunweb


Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD) Shares Sold by Horan Capital Management



Linkin Park Singer Chester Bennington Dead







SUIVRE NOTRE JOURNAL











DERNIERES NOUVELLES CampDesrEcrues



 
Kyle Busch, Martin Truex Jr. Crash Out of Lead at Indianapolis


U.S. dollar on the back foot


US Fed opens 2-day meeting amid weak inflation


International Monetary Fund cuts United Kingdom growth forecast


EQT Corporation (EQT) Shares Sold by UBS Oconnor LLC


Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Position Raised by Legal & General Group Plc


What Do Analysts Suggest For New York Community Bancorp Inc. (NYCB)


The $2.11 Billion in Sales Expected for News Corporation (NWSA) This Quarter


Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB)


Ambuja Cements Q2 net profit up 12% to Rs 718.24 crore







AUTRES NOUVELLES


Science
Culture
Financer









Return on Assets  (ROA) value of the stock is -4 Percent. About shares...









And then, last week, the president  told The New York Times  he should...








Conagra Brands, Inc. (NYSE:CAG), maintained return on investment for t...









The company had reported Rs 754 crore profit in the corresponding quar...









In  Fable Fortune , your destiny is on the cards! It changes the Hero ...












The report reveals that last month LAPD detectives were  able to get a...









Mandela, who led the country out of apartheid in 1994, died at age 95 ...









Faced with treachery and danger, the young king must rally his allies ...









There is another  golden buzzer  in this  episode  with  DJ Khaled  pr...









Cortés, who ran  Fox News Latino until it was shut down  in December o...












Despite the apparent dominance, Busch stood by his decision to abandon...









Markets this week are moving to the ebbs and flows of company- and ind...









Reflecting on sliding inflation figures, Fed Chair  Janet Yellen  told...









But economists estimate that  China , with growth rates forecast above...








HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in EQT GP Holding...
























© 2017 campdesrecrues.com, CampDesrEcrues




Sport
Science
Culture
Financer


Nationale
Santé
Monde





Edition

Nos Contacts













MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Buys New Stake in KB Home (NYSE:KBH)













Сontactos











 Home
/ Espectáculos
/ MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Buys New Stake in KB Home (NYSE:KBH) 



MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Buys New Stake in KB Home (NYSE:KBH)

Eneas Benito |
Viernes, Julio 14, 2017







The President and CEO now owns $8,180,913 of the stock according to the SEC filing.A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on KBH. Horseman Capital Management Ltd purchased a new position in shares of KB Home during the first quarter valued at about $35,460,000. They issued a "neutral" rating and a $23.00 price objective on the stock. Wedbush reiterated an "outperform" rating and set a $22.00 price target on shares of KB Home in a report on Friday, March 24th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a "hold" rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of KB Home in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Finally, MKM Partners upgraded shares of KB Home to a "hold" rating and lifted their price target for the company from $20.00 to $24.00 in a report on Tuesday, June 27th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The corporation has a average recommendation of Hold and an average price target of $20.00.
Stocks of KB Home (NYSE:KBH) declined 0.59% through out intraday market trading on early Tue, topping $23.76. While the company's share hit the 52 week high on 07/10/17 stationing the value of $24.37. The Stock becomes significant when you consider how many shares are shorted versus the average daily volume, means how many days to cover those short shares at that volume.The current market capitalization of KB Home (NYSE:KBH) stands at 2.04 Billion.KB Home (NYSE:KBH) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, June 27th. The construction company reported $0.33 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.07. KBH generated revenue of $1.06 Billion in the same quarter, one year ago.Management effectiveness shows return on equity and return on assets for the trailing twelve months at 7.21% and 3.04% respectively. The company's revenue was up 23.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period past year, the business earned $0.17 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect KB Home to earn $2.05 per share next year, which means the company should continue to be able to cover its $0.10 annual dividend with an expected future payout ratio of 4.9%. Shareholders of record on Thursday, August 3rd will be paid a $0.025 dividend.ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and global copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/07/13/kb-home-nysekbh-plans-0-03-quarterly-dividend.html.In other KB Home news, CFO Jeff Kaminski unloaded 163,017 stocks of the company's shares in a trade dated Thurs, Jun 29th. If the share price is now hovering near the 52 week low and the value is achieved in the current past then it can suggest that the price of the shares is likely to go up. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 178,251 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,171,073.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link.Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company.WARNING: "KB Home (KBH) Position Reduced by SG Americas Securities LLC" was posted by Community Financial News and is owned by of Community Financial News. Following last close company's stock, is 1.03% above their SMA 50 and -3.73% below the 52-week high. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 448,648 shares of the construction company's stock worth $7,094,000 after buying an additional 124,803 shares during the period. Hartwell J M Limited Partnership bought a new stake in KB Home during the first quarter valued at $209,000. UBS Group AG now owns 148,910 shares of the construction company's stock valued at $2,960,000 after buying an additional 137,470 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its position in shares of KB Home by 38.5% in the fourth quarter. Finally, Lazard Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of KB Home by 28.7% in the first quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 10,648 shares of the construction company's stock worth $212,000 after buying an additional 309 shares during the period.KB HOME, launched on August 31, 1981, is a homebuilding company. The Company is involved in selling and building a range of new homes designed primarily for first-time, move-up and active adult homebuyers, including attached and detached single-family residential homes, townhomes and condominiums.




Latest News
 

Pampita prendió fuego la pista y sumó puntaje perfecto



Monja en bicicleta a toda velocidad causa furor en redes sociales — Youtube



Ana Brenda lleva 7 días internada en el hospital



¿Qué pasa entre Maluma y Eiza González?



Deja 16 heridos accidente de autobús, en carretera Pinotepa



Muere famoso actor y comediante mexicano a los 49 años



Confirma Daniela Basso relación con Raúl Jiménez



A los 53 años, murió el creador de un éxito tropical



Galilea Montijo pierde su exclusividad en Televisa



Kendrick Lamar lidera las nominaciones de los MTV VMA



Men actor Ellen Page gets sick death threats on Instagram



Penguin pulls Mandela book off shelves on family complaints



Charly García arremetió contra la televisión argentina



Revelaron la muerte de uno de sus protagonistas — The Walking Dead











Miércoles, Julio 26, 2017  





Popular news



Peyton Manning hilariously rips Kevin Durant at ESPYs — Watch 
				Despite uproarious cackles from the audience (including Durant's mother), Durant remained staunchly unamused. However, LeBron James was the one to take home the award for Best NBA Player, doing so for the sixth time.


Citigroup Inc. Raises American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL) Price Target to $67.00 
				The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link .  Wealthfront Inc. acquired a new position in shares of American Airlines Group during the fourth quarter worth about $572,000.


SunPower (NASDAQ:SPWR) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows 
				BidaskClub upgraded SunPower Corporation from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Revenue per share is 18.59. 02/16/2017 - SunPower Corporation had its " rating reiterated by analysts at Robert W.


New yuan loans rise in June 
				This represents a growth of 436.2 billion yuan from the same period a year ago , the People's Bank of China said in a statement. The effects of the multi-pronged crackdown are showing up in weakened off-balance sheet financing or shadow banking activity .


Paul Millsap officially signs multi-year deal with Denver Nuggets 
				He was named WAC All-Conference First Team as a junior and sophomore and was named All-Conference Second Team as a freshman. He most recently averaged 24.3 points, 9.3 rebounds, 4.3 assists and 1.70 steals in six games during the 2017 Playoffs.


Amazon Sale: Xiaomi Redmi 4A on flash sale today 
				The Redmi Note 4 comes with sensors like proximity sensor, ambient light sensor, accelerometer, gyroscope and electronic compass. The Redmi 4A was launched in India in March at Rs. 5,999, following its launch in China in November.


Rep. Flores says President Trump's children should be removed from White House 
				Lawyers in the Trump White House are increasingly fuming that their top client can not be controlled. The White House press briefing, meanwhile, has been marginalized by the Trump administration.


Repairman stuck in ATM rescued by handing out notes 
				An officer kicked in the door to the room, freeing the man. "It was just insane ".  I'm stuck in here, and I don't have my phone. "Please help.


Impala Asset Management LLC Acquires New Stake in DR Horton, Inc. (DHI) 
				Since January 25, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 11 insider sales for $64.53 million activity. During the last 52 weeks, the (NYSE: DHI ) price has been as high as $37.44 and as low as $26.69.


MGIC Investment Corporation (MTG) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows 
				The stock of MGIC Investment Corp. $913,495 worth of stock was sold by von Gottberg Friedrich on Monday, February 6. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $1.31 below MTG's recent stock price.


Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for BB&T Corporation (BBT) Boosted by Oppenheimer Holdings 
				The active investment managers in our partner's database now own: 518.52 million shares, up from 504.45 million shares in 2016Q3. New York-based Neuberger Berman Gru Ltd Liability Corporation has invested 0.04% in BB&T Corporation (NYSE:BBT).


QEW Open After Serious Crash in Mississauga 
				Peel paramedics said six patients have been taken to hospital, including two other children younger than 12, Schmidt said. A boy has been airlifted to hospital in critical condition after a multi-vehicle collision near Mississauga this morning.


Tullow Oil plc (LON:TLW) Upgraded at Numis Securities Ltd 
				In other Tullow Oil plc news, insider Ian Springett acquired 206 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 44 ($0.57) per share, with a total value of £99,821.92 ($129,303.01).


Nifty breaches 9900-mark for first time, markets slip thereafter 
				Nifty 50 opened at 9,913.3 points, but soon gave up gains to slip into the red.  Sensex too turned cautious after crossing 32,000 mark.


Ocado Group PLC (OCDO) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG 
				The Company operates through four segments: Process Safety, Infrastructure Safety, Medical, and Environmental & Analysis.  Halma plc is involved in the manufacture of a range of products that protect and improve the quality of life for people.







Follow Us









Categories


Mundo


Medicina


Deportes


Tecnología


Espectáculos


Negocios






Recommended stories



Greta Van Susteren fired for refusing MSNBC's 'Trump hate'




Stephanie Davis "devastated" after "sex tape" leaks online




Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas leaving Once Upon A Time




Bill O'Reilly promises 'truth will come out' regarding sexual harassment claims




Kate Middleton is never seen riding a horse unlike many royals




Miley Cyrus, Rosario Dawson, Suki Waterhouse nude photos published online




Gilbert Baker, creator of LGBT rainbow flag, dies in NY




GEICO Bassmaster Classic underway on Lake Conroe




Girl, 15, missing from Lawndale found safe




Joy-Anna Duggar's Sisters React to Her Engagement News




Jamie Dornan: Amelia Warner confides in their wedding from Fifty Shades Darker




Why Democratic Women Are Wearing White to Donald Trump's Congressional Speech Tonight




Christina El Moussa, Gary Anderson, And Flip Or Flop Divorce




Who Got Eliminated On The Bachelor 2017 Tonight? Week 7




Tamron Hall departs NBC and MSNBC











﻿
































MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $4.10 Million in Kate Spade & Co (NYSE:KATE) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Kate Spade & Co
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Kate Spade & Co with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

El Pollo Loco Holdings, Inc. (LOCO) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts
First Interstate BancSystem (NASDAQ:FIBK) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.14
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Etsy (NASDAQ:ETSY) Share Price
ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
Waters Corporation (WAT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.71 Per Share
Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Raises lululemon athletica inc. (LULU) Price Target to $68.00
Insider Selling: VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (NASDAQ:VDSI) CEO Sells 12,183 Shares of Stock
Longbow Research Reiterates Neutral Rating for Harley-Davidson, Inc. (NYSE:HOG)
Atlassian Corporation PLC (NASDAQ:TEAM) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Insider Selling: Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) Insider Sells 200 Shares of Stock
Raymond Huggenberger Sells 14,000 Shares of Inogen, Inc (INGN) Stock
On Deck Capital’s (NYSE:ONDK) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC
Eros International PLC (NYSE:EROS) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC
Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give Norma Group SE (NOEJ) a €56.00 Price Target
Comparing Ambev (ABEV) and Boston Beer Company, Inc. (The) (SAM)
Reviewing Jiayuan.com International (DATE) and Sina Corporation (SINA)
JetBlue Airways Corporation’s (NASDAQ:JBLU) Equal Weight Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley
Comparing Mimecast Limited (MIME) & Paypal Holdings (NASDAQ:PYPLV)




 


MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $4.10 Million in Kate Spade & Co (NYSE:KATE)

					Posted by Kim Johansen on Jul 18th, 2017 // No Comments 




MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd purchased a new position in shares of  Kate Spade & Co (NYSE:KATE) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  purchased 178,251 shares of the textile maker’s stock, valued at approximately $4,100,000. MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd owned approximately 0.14% of Kate Spade & Co as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Neuburgh Advisers LLC raised its stake in shares of  Kate Spade & Co by 16.0% in the first quarter. Neuburgh Advisers LLC now owns 4,774 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 660 shares in the last quarter.  Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Kate Spade & Co by 126.2% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 6,579 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 3,671 shares in the last quarter.  Asset Management One Co. Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of  Kate Spade & Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $127,000.  Tyers Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  Kate Spade & Co by 16.0% in the first quarter. Tyers Asset Management LLC now owns 6,076 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $141,000 after buying an additional 840 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  Kate Spade & Co by 51.2% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 6,825 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 2,310 shares in the last quarter. 97.87% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Kate Spade & Co alerts:



Kate Spade & Co (NYSE:KATE) remained flat at $18.49 during trading on Tuesday. 7,789,960 shares of the stock traded hands. Kate Spade & Co has a one year low of $14.02 and a one year high of $24.24. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $18.45 and a 200 day moving average price of $19.25. 




Kate Spade & Co (NYSE:KATE) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The textile maker reported $0.01 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.07 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $271 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $299.08 million. Kate Spade & Co had a net margin of 0.44% and a return on equity of 1.11%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 1.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.05 EPS.  On average, analysts forecast that  Kate Spade & Co will post $0.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally  reported by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/18/178251-shares-in-kate-spade-company-kate-acquired-by-marshall-wace-asia-ltd-updated-updated-updated.html. 
KATE has been the topic of a number of research reports. Vetr raised shares of Kate Spade & Co from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $25.44 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Wunderlich  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 price target on shares of Kate Spade & Co in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Kate Spade & Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Kate Spade & Co in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  set a $19.00 price target on shares of Kate Spade & Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, three have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $20.87.
Kate Spade & Co Company Profile
Kate Spade & Company is engaged in the design and marketing of a range of accessories and apparel. It operates through three segments. The KATE SPADE North America segment consists of the Company’s kate spade new york and JACK SPADE brands in North America. The KATE SPADE International segment consists of the Company’s kate spade new york and JACK SPADE brands in international markets, which operates principally in Japan, Asia (excluding Japan), Europe and Latin America).







Receive News & Ratings for Kate Spade & Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kate Spade & Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website
































































Home | Marshall Wace






















      Marshall Wace
    






      What brings us together
      sets us apart
    





        Welcome to Marshall Wace


        Marshall Wace is a global alternative asset management
        company with a philosophy of entrepreneurship and a history of
        innovation.
      




About 
Marshall Wace is a leading global alternative asset management company. Our reputation, built up over 19 years, is founded on the quality of our product offering, our people, a relentless drive for innovation, and our integrity.

        Know More
      











People
At the heart of Marshall Wace are our people, individuals and teams, whose creativity and application are the lifeblood of our firm. By bringing together individuals with a variety of knowledge, ideas, and passions, we drive our exceptional performance and create an environment for people to reach their full potential.

        Know More
      





















Marshall Wace Investor Portal








Marshall Wace

                Back to main website
            














Data Protection Disclosure | Marshall Wace






















      Marshall Wace
    






Data Protection Disclosure
Marshall Wace LLP, Marshall Wace Asia Limited and Marshall Wace North America LP (the “firms”) have a Data Protection Policy to ensure that they comply with the related laws in their respective jurisdictions at all times. The firms consider that it is good practice to set out in writing the means by which such compliance is achieved. The objectives of the policy are to ensure that clients of the firms, investors in the funds/accounts they manage/advise, their staff and other individuals as well as the firms themselves are protected.
The partners of Marshall Wace LLP and the senior management of Marshall Wace Asia Limited and Marshall Wace North America LP. are responsible for ensuring that their respective firms comply with their data protection obligations. All staff are required to read, understand and accept the Data Protection Policy and the firms’ procedures that relate to personal data that they may handle.
The firms maintain physical, electronic and procedural arrangements that comply with local standards to safeguard the personal information that they hold. The firms restrict access to personal information to those employees who need to know that information. As far as is reasonably practicable, the firms ensure that personal information that they hold is accurate and they endeavour to keep such personal information up to date.
The kinds of personal information related to external parties that they may hold and process includes:
(a) Information received on applications or other forms(b) Information about their transactions with the firms or its clients (i.e. the funds/accounts the firms manage/advise)(c) Information collected through an Internet “cookie” (an information collecting device from a web server)(d) Information received or derived from correspondence, telephone calls, video conferences, meetings and conferences, for the following purposes:-

to ensure that content from this website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from Marshall Wace or which Marshall Wace feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
to determine your suitability to be granted access to this website or eligibility for investment in the funds managed by the firms;
to allow Marshall Wace to effectively carry out its function as asset manager and to provide effective client servicing to you; and
to notify you about changes to Marshall Wace’s service.

The firms do not disclose personal information to anyone, except as permitted or required by law, or as necessary to provide services to such persons.













People | Marshall Wace






















      Marshall Wace
    
















James
Trading - Hong Kong


Began in Finance and Operations as part of the Graduate Programme prior to Trading; career progression is in the DNA of MW
Recognises that MW embraces variety, opportunity, and breadth in the workplace to enable high-performing individuals and teams 
Appreciates the value MW places on lean teams, supported by robust and advanced infrastructure, freeing individuals to perform to the best of their abilities




"Intensity is part of our culture. Everyone is friendly and approachable, but for a firm to rise to the top in this industry, requires focus and great attention to detail."







Greg
Technology – New York


Uses technology to solve problems to drive results for MW’s clients
Wears many hats and managed the set-up of the New York office
Recognises MW’s reputation as an innovator dedicated to utilising proprietary systems and creatively integrating solutions




"My professional and personal families are crucial to me, and at MW the sense of togetherness is key."







Federica
Investor Relations - London


Former contributor to the TOPS process, enjoys working alongside highly intelligent and personable colleagues, who are the engine driving MW 
Actively participates in MW’s philanthropic activities, which are core to the firm’s ethos; works with Ark Academy students whose life chances are transformed by MW’s support
Believes ethics are the backbone of the firm and shares MW’s family values




"The 2008 financial crisis unfolded shortly after I joined and I observed MW respond with integrity to meet our clients’ needs."







Olivia
Analyst - London


Drawn to firm’s longevity; the business is run for long-term sustainability and competitive advantage
Believes to be successful at MW requires intellectual curiosity, self-reflection, and diligence 
An effective Analyst must be passionate, humble, and detail-oriented




"MW values its employees as much as its clients.”







Daisuke
Analyst - Hong Kong


Appetite for a challenging career led him to finance, enjoyed learning how global financial markets function. Helps MW operate worldwide, 24 hours across three regions
Motivated to be amongst dedicated individuals and teams across every profession; this galvanises learning and provides the tools to develop MW
Highlights that MW attracts strong and stable clients whose strategies align for the long-term




"You are given time and trust to mature into your role, which is extremely motivational.  Expectations are high, however."







Ryan
TOPS Quantitative Research - London


Core responsibilities involve the creation and testing of mathematical theory for statistical models that drive MW’s performance
Recognises that MW considers the whole is greater than the sum of its parts; collaborate with peers across the full TOPS code base, driving innovation
Views the team’s diverse global make up as collegiate and dynamic, true to MW’s values




"Every day presents intellectual challenges to combine original mathematical ideas with cutting-edge system solutions."







Sanjay
TOPS Relationship Management - London


Worked as a Risk Analyst for five years before transitioning into TOPS relationship management
Values MW’s meritocratic culture and the opportunity to develop both personally and professionally
Relishes seeing his input, analysis, relationships, and curiosity, have a direct result on MW’s investments 




"A steep learning curve, tangible results, and a flat hierarchy allowed me to grow."







Ali
Trading - New York


Aware of MW’s established reputation for quality and success, and the restless energy that drives the firm’s performance
Driven by opportunity to grow her role as far as time and ability allow
Emphasises that MW knows its people are the business’ greatest asset; all teams share the common goal to deliver exceptional risk-adjusted returns to clients 




“An entrepreneurial culture flows from the top; central to that, you’re expected to develop new skills and improve ways of working.” 







Neil
Technology - London


Joined through the Graduate Programme from Manchester University; within five years he was leading the global Infrastructure team
Core responsibilities include the design and implementation of modern enterprise-grade platforms across MW’s global offices
Thrives on the creative freedom granted in MW's environment




"Technology is my passion, and MW invests heavily in cutting-edge systems."








Join Us

Our approach to recruitment mirrors the way we do business; it is thorough and challenging, but human.
We are committed to building a global family, offering roles to individuals from all walks of life.
Below are our current vacancies.




          All Vacancies
        



            Senior Fund Accountancy & Finance Operations
          



            Infrastructure Engineer, London
          



            Business Intelligence Developer, London
          



            Production Engineer, NY
          



            TOPS Quant Researcher, London
          




          JOIN US
        














Contact | Marshall Wace






















      Marshall Wace
    







LONDON


            Marshall Wace LLP
            George House
            131 Sloane Street
            London, SW1X 9AT, UK
          



Telephone
+44 20 7316 2280
Fax
+44 20 7316 2281
Email

zjnzzjnz.pbz/4

Location
View on map






NEW YORK


           Marshall Wace North America LP
           350 Park Avenue, 18th Floor 
           New York, NY 10022-6022
           United States
          



Telephone
+1 212 235 2800
Fax
+1 212 235 2899
Email

zjnzzjnz.pbz/4

Location
View on map






HONG KONG


            Marshall Wace Asia Limited
            23/F, LHT Tower
            31 Queen's Road Central
            Hong Kong
          



Telephone
+852 3761 5000
Fax
+852 2973 6620
Email

zjnzzjnz.pbz/4

Location
View on map







Get Directions to Marshall Wace


From



To


Please Select

                London Office
              

                New York Office
              

                Hong Kong Office
              



GO















Regulatory Disclosures | Marshall Wace






















      Marshall Wace
    






Regulatory Disclosures
Marshall Wace conducts its business to meet the requirements of all appropriate regulatory authorities.

Marshall Wace LLP is authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”).
Marshall Wace North America LP is registered with the US Securities & Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
Marshall Wace Asia Limited, 23/F LHT Tower, 31 Queen’s Road, Central, Hong Kong, is licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission ("SFC") (CE No ANM673) for Dealing in Securities and Asset Management.

Links
Data Protection Disclosure
Pillar 3 Disclosure
Stewardship Code Disclosure
Summary of Conflicts of Interest Policy
Principles of Responsible Ownership (Marshall Wace Asia Limited)
 









﻿






























MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 36,498 Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Inter Parfums Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Inter Parfums Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

The Navigators Group, Inc. (NAVG) Position Increased by Thrivent Financial For Lutherans
Webster Financial Corporation (NYSE:WBS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
FutureFuel Corp. (NYSE:FF) Position Raised by Menta Capital LLC
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Invests $1.14 Million in Swift Transportation Company (NYSE:SWFT)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. (NYSE:HLX)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Acquires Shares of 24,798 Restaurant Brands International Inc. (NYSE:QSR)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $1.16 Million in REX American Resources Corporation (NYSE:REX)
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Invests $1.11 Million in Quanta Services, Inc. (NYSE:PWR)
Genuine Parts Company (NYSE:GPC) Shares Bought by Global X Management Co. LLC
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Buys New Stake in Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. (NYSE:HLX)
Menta Capital LLC Has $425,000 Stake in RTI Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:RTIX)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 36,498 Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR)
Raytheon Company (RTN) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.80
Global X Management Co. LLC Raises Position in Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE:INGR)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Has $1,991,000 Stake in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $1.22 Million in NIC Inc. (NASDAQ:EGOV)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Has $2.06 Million Stake in Blackbaud, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLKB)
WPX Energy (NYSE:WPX) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows
First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (NYSE:FCF) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.06
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Increases Position in American Vanguard Corporation (AVD)







MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 36,498 Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd purchased a new position in  Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund purchased 36,498 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,350,000. MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd owned approximately 0.12% of Inter Parfums at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of IPAR. Americafirst Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of  Inter Parfums during the first quarter worth $1,905,000.  First National Bank of Omaha boosted its position in  Inter Parfums by 21.4% in the first quarter. First National Bank of Omaha now owns 21,530 shares of the company’s stock valued at $787,000 after buying an additional 3,793 shares during the period.  Bank of Montreal Can boosted its position in  Inter Parfums by 13.0% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 3,733 shares of the company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 430 shares during the period.  Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in  Inter Parfums by 42.8% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 64,400 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,109,000 after buying an additional 19,300 shares during the period.  Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in  Inter Parfums by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 28,027 shares of the company’s stock valued at $918,000 after buying an additional 734 shares during the period. 55.11% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Inter Parfums Inc. alerts:



Shares of Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR) traded down 1.33% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $37.05. The stock had a trading volume of 56,447 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $1.15 billion, a PE ratio of 29.40 and a beta of 1.76. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $36.06 and its 200 day moving average is $35.38. Inter Parfums, Inc. has a one year low of $27.05 and a one year high of $41.70. 





Inter Parfums (NASDAQ:IPAR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $143.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $120.05 million. Inter Parfums had a return on equity of 8.10% and a net margin of 7.12%. Inter Parfums’s quarterly revenue was up 28.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.24 earnings per share.  Equities analysts expect that  Inter Parfums, Inc. will post $1.25 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 14th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were issued a dividend of $0.17 per share. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $0.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.84%. Inter Parfums’s payout ratio is presently 53.54%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 36,498 Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR)” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/marshall-wace-asia-ltd-takes-position-in-inter-parfums-inc-ipar-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts have weighed in on the company. DA Davidson  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 target price on shares of Inter Parfums in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Zacks Investment Research raised Inter Parfums from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, May 1st. BidaskClub raised Inter Parfums from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC assumed coverage on Inter Parfums in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. They set a “hold” rating and a $35.00 target price on the stock. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.57.
About Inter Parfums
Inter Parfums, Inc operates in the fragrance business. The Company manufactures, markets and distributes an array of fragrance and fragrance related products. It operates through two segments: European based operations and United States based operations. The European Operations segment produces and distributes its fragrance products under license agreements with brand owners.







Receive News & Ratings for Inter Parfums Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inter Parfums Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿

























MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Acquires New Position in Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:FELE) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Franklin Electric Co. Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Franklin Electric Co. Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Acxiom Corporation (ACXM)
UBM Plc (UBM) Insider Sells £790,915.32 in Stock
Leerink Swann Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Tenet Healthcare Corporation (THC)
Zacks: Brokerages Expect TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp. (TPVG) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $11.49 Million
Stantec Inc. (STN) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.47 Per Share
UBS Group AG Lowers Position in NewJersey Resources Corporation (NYSE:NJR)
Super Micro Computer (SMCI) Given Media Impact Score of 0.47
Very Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact IRIDEX Corporation (IRIX) Stock Price
Ship Finance International Limited (NYSE:SFL) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts
Comparing Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX) and BMC Stock Holdings (BMCH)
Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Piper Jaffray Companies Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Albemarle Corporation (ALB)
AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Upgraded to “Sell” at BidaskClub
International Paper Company (IP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by KeyCorp
Nuveen Minnesota Quality Municipal Income Fund (NMS) Receiving Very Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows
Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Aberdeen Emrg Mkts Smlr Co Oppts Fd (ETF) Stock Price
Zacks: Analysts Expect Forestar Group Inc (NYSE:FOR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.16 Per Share
Brokerages Expect PennantPark Investment Corporation (PNNT) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.42 Million
Hub Group, Inc. (HUBG) Rating Increased to Sell at BidaskClub


 


MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Acquires New Position in Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:FELE)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 

MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd purchased a new position in Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:FELE) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm purchased 16,933 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $728,000. 
Several other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in FELE. American Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in Franklin Electric Co. by 3.2% in the first quarter. American Capital Management Inc. now owns 456,045 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $19,633,000 after buying an additional 14,050 shares in the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its position in Franklin Electric Co. by 2.4% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 4,250 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $182,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its position in Franklin Electric Co. by 1.9% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 15,700 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $676,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. First National Bank of Omaha increased its position in Franklin Electric Co. by 18.6% in the first quarter. First National Bank of Omaha now owns 68,151 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,933,000 after buying an additional 10,698 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Confluence Investment Management LLC increased its position in Franklin Electric Co. by 11.6% in the first quarter. Confluence Investment Management LLC now owns 64,517 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,778,000 after buying an additional 6,713 shares during the last quarter. 78.42% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Franklin Electric Co. Inc. alerts:



Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:FELE) traded up 0.95% on Wednesday, hitting $42.65. The company had a trading volume of 81,953 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $1.98 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.12 and a beta of 1.62. Franklin Electric Co., Inc. has a one year low of $34.75 and a one year high of $45.15. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $40.79 and its 200 day moving average price is $40.61. 




Franklin Electric Co. (NASDAQ:FELE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.33 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.35 by $0.02. Franklin Electric Co. had a return on equity of 13.04% and a net margin of 8.48%. The firm had revenue of $220.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $226.74 million. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.29 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Franklin Electric Co., Inc. will post $1.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/marshall-wace-asia-ltd-invests-728000-in-franklin-electric-co-inc-nasdaqfele-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts recently issued reports on FELE shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Franklin Electric Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. BidaskClub upgraded Franklin Electric Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 30th.
In other news, VP John J. Haines sold 4,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.00, for a total value of $164,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Delancey W. Davis sold 4,071 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.45, for a total value of $140,245.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 12,947 shares of company stock worth $495,678. 2.54% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Franklin Electric Co.
Franklin Electric Co, Inc designs, manufactures and distributes water and fuel pumping systems, consisting of submersible motors, pumps, electronic controls and related parts and equipment. Its segments include Water Systems segment, the Fueling Systems segment and Other. Its Water Systems segment is engaged in the production and marketing of water pumping systems and offers motors, pumps, drives, electronic controls and monitoring devices. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Franklin Electric Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Electric Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Minerals Technologies Inc. (NYSE:MTX) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Minerals Technologies Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Minerals Technologies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Marshall Wace North America L.P. Purchases New Stake in Acuity Brands Inc (NYSE:AYI)
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Buys New Stake in Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings (NASDAQ:AAWW)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Buys Shares of 108,617 CSRA Inc. (NYSE:CSRA)
140,493 Shares in Matador Resources Company (NYSE:MTDR) Acquired by MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd
Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America Increases Position in S&P Global Inc. (NYSE:SPGI)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Minerals Technologies Inc. (NYSE:MTX)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $3.44 Million in Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG)
ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) Shares Bought by Global X Management Co. LLC
Putnam FL Investment Management Co. Has $13.86 Million Position in Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (NYSE:SWK)
Westar Energy Inc (NYSE:WR) Stake Increased by Global X Management Co. LLC
Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC) Upgraded to Buy at BidaskClub
ValuEngine Lowers International Tower Hill Mines Ltd (THM) to Sell
CDW Corporation (NASDAQ:CDW) Rating Lowered to Buy at BidaskClub
Leerink Swann Boosts McKesson Corporation (MCK) Price Target to $170.00
Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”
American National Insurance Company (NASDAQ:ANAT) Upgraded to Sell by BidaskClub
Gulfport Energy Corporation’s (NASDAQ:GPOR) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank
The Middleby Corporation (MIDD) Coverage Initiated at Seaport Global Securities
Continental Resources, Inc. (NYSE:CLR) Receives “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank
Unit Corporation’s (NYSE:UNT) Hold Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank



 


MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Minerals Technologies Inc. (NYSE:MTX)

					Posted by Brian Himes on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 



MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd bought a new position in shares of  Minerals Technologies Inc. (NYSE:MTX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  bought 46,797 shares of the basic materials company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,604,000. MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd owned about 0.13% of Minerals Technologies as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Meeder Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Minerals Technologies by 157.9% in the first quarter. Meeder Asset Management Inc. now owns 7,888 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $604,000 after buying an additional 4,829 shares during the period.  Ngam Advisors L.P. bought a new position in  Minerals Technologies during the first quarter valued at approximately $3,033,000.  Legal & General Group Plc raised its position in  Minerals Technologies by 24.3% in the first quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 22,420 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $1,714,000 after buying an additional 4,376 shares during the last quarter.  PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its position in  Minerals Technologies by 10.9% in the first quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 53,846 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $4,124,000 after buying an additional 5,309 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Royce & Associates LP raised its position in  Minerals Technologies by 5.4% in the first quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 1,100,830 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $84,324,000 after buying an additional 55,925 shares during the last quarter. 94.49% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Minerals Technologies Inc. alerts:



Shares of Minerals Technologies Inc. (NYSE:MTX) opened at 74.05 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $73.02 and its 200 day moving average price is $75.81. Minerals Technologies Inc. has a 1-year low of $63.55 and a 1-year high of $83.85. The stock has a market cap of $2.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.54 and a beta of 2.21. 




Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The basic materials company reported $1.07 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.04 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $405 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $401.63 million. Minerals Technologies had a net margin of 8.21% and a return on equity of 15.44%. Minerals Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.02 EPS.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Minerals Technologies Inc. will post $4.72 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: This piece was originally  reported by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/19/marshall-wace-asia-ltd-takes-position-in-minerals-technologies-inc-mtx-updated-updated-updated.html. 
Several research analysts recently issued reports on the company. BidaskClub lowered Minerals Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised Minerals Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, April 1st. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co raised Minerals Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Friday, March 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call.
About Minerals Technologies
Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services around the world. It operates through five segments. The Specialty Minerals produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC) and processed mineral product quicklime (lime).







Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Marshall Wace North America L.P. Purchases New Stake in Acuity Brands Inc 





Marshall Wace North America L.P. Buys New Stake in Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings 





MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Buys Shares of 108,617 CSRA Inc. 





Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America Increases Position in S&P Global Inc. 





140,493 Shares in Matador Resources Company  Acquired by MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd





MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Minerals Technologies Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 







































﻿

























MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Southern Copper Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Southern Copper Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Menta Capital LLC Buys Shares of 4,290 WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (NYSE:WCG)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Buys Shares of 55,162 Legg Mason, Inc. (LM)
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE) Shares Sold by Cim Investment Mangement Inc.
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $2.11 Million in United Rentals, Inc. (URI)
Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America Buys 7 Shares of Anthem, Inc. (ANTM)
SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Stake Lowered by Putnam FL Investment Management Co.
Morgan Stanley Reiterates “Equal Weight” Rating for SemGroup Corp (SEMG)
Cree, Inc. (NASDAQ:CREE) Rating Reiterated by Roth Capital
Sage Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:SAGE) Given Outperform Rating at Leerink Swann
Liberty Global PLC (NASDAQ:LBTYA) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research
Head-To-Head Analysis: General Electric (NYSE:GE) vs. 3M (MMM)
Menta Capital LLC Has $593,000 Position in Steven Madden, Ltd. (NASDAQ:SHOO)
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Acquires New Position in Panera Bread Co (PNRA)
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Valvoline Inc. (VVV) to Hold
Sundance Energy Australia Ltd. (SNDE) Downgraded to Neutral at Seaport Global Securities
Critical Survey: SunCoke Energy (SXC) and Mechel PAO (NYSE:MTL)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO)
First Financial Corporation Indiana (NASDAQ:THFF) Shares Bought by Menta Capital LLC
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Purchases New Position in Pioneer Energy Services Corp. (PES)
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Takes Position in Mueller Water Products (MWA)


 


MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd purchased a new stake in shares of Southern Copper Corporation (NYSE:SCCO) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor purchased 62,031 shares of the basic materials company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,233,000. 
Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in SCCO. Hansberger Growth Investors LP increased its position in Southern Copper Corporation by 0.6% in the first quarter. Hansberger Growth Investors LP now owns 53,140 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,907,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its position in shares of Southern Copper Corporation by 1.9% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 18,423 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $661,000 after buying an additional 340 shares during the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. increased its stake in Southern Copper Corporation by 3.8% in the first quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 9,827 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $353,000 after buying an additional 359 shares during the last quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. increased its stake in Southern Copper Corporation by 14.3% in the first quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. now owns 3,200 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. Finally, M&T Bank Corp increased its stake in Southern Copper Corporation by 1.4% in the first quarter. M&T Bank Corp now owns 29,912 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $1,073,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 6.32% of the company’s stock. 




Southern Copper Corporation (NYSE SCCO) traded up 0.16% on Friday, reaching $37.79. 321,563 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Southern Copper Corporation has a 52-week low of $24.90 and a 52-week high of $39.50. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $35.45 and its 200 day moving average price is $35.81. The firm has a market capitalization of $29.21 billion, a PE ratio of 32.27 and a beta of 0.53. 


 Get Southern Copper Corporation alerts:



The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, August 23rd. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, August 9th will be issued a $0.14 dividend. This is a positive change from Southern Copper Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.12. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.48%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, August 7th. Southern Copper Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 40.68%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/marshall-wace-asia-ltd-invests-2-23-million-in-southern-copper-corporation-scco-updated-updated.html. 
Several analysts recently issued reports on the company. Cowen and Company reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Southern Copper Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. FBR & Co reduced their target price on Southern Copper Corporation from $43.00 to $42.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, June 16th. Finally, BidaskClub raised Southern Copper Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 12th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $33.53.
About Southern Copper Corporation
Southern Copper Corporation is an integrated copper producer. It produces copper and, in the production process, obtains several by-products, including molybdenum, silver, zinc, sulfuric acid and other metals. Its segments include the Peruvian operations, the Mexican open-pit operations and the Mexican underground mining operations segment identified as the IMMSA unit. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Southern Copper Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southern Copper Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Marshall Wace Asia Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























marshall wace asia ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Marshall Wace Asia Ltd. operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. Marshall Wace Asia serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

23F LHT Tower
31 Queen's Road
Central
Hong Kong (SAR)


Phone:
852-3761-5000


Fax:
852-2973-6620


Web url:
www.mwam.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Des Anderson


Chief Executive Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


























































MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 178,647 Mueller Water Products (MWA) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Mueller Water Products - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mueller Water Products with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Receives Buy Rating from Seaport Global Securities					

LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc. (LTXB) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Range Resources Corporation (RRC) PT Lowered to $34.00 at Citigroup Inc.					

PPG Industries, Inc. (NYSE:PPG) Price Target Increased to $115.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG					

Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE:SKX) Price Target Raised to $34.00 at Citigroup Inc.					

Heartland Express, Inc. (NASDAQ:HTLD) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Given New $8.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc.					

La Quinta Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LQ) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research					

Orix Corp Ads (IX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

HDFC Bank Limited (NYSE:HDB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

KeyCorp’s (KEY) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies					

Home BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:HOMB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies					

MB Financial Inc. (MBFI) Downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies to “Neutral”					

Hess Midstream Partners LP (HESM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”					

CGI Group, Inc. (GIB) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDRX) Given “Hold” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies					

Harvard Bioscience, Inc. (HBIO) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Piper Jaffray Companies Reaffirms Buy Rating for Laureate Education Inc. (NASDAQ:LAUR)					

KB Financial Group Inc (NYSE:KB) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 178,647 Mueller Water Products (MWA)					

						 June 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd acquired a new position in shares of  Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 178,647 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,143,000. 
Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of  Mueller Water Products during the fourth quarter worth about $51,312,000.  Gamco Investors INC. ET AL increased its stake in shares of  Mueller Water Products by 273.5% in the first quarter. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL now owns 5,103,980 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $60,329,000 after buying an additional 3,737,574 shares during the period.  Impax Asset Management LTD increased its stake in shares of  Mueller Water Products by 31.1% in the first quarter. Impax Asset Management LTD now owns 3,411,887 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $40,329,000 after buying an additional 809,000 shares during the period.  Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its stake in shares of  Mueller Water Products by 399.7% in the first quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 623,250 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $7,367,000 after buying an additional 498,524 shares during the period.  Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of  Mueller Water Products by 39.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,580,473 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $18,680,000 after buying an additional 446,859 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  87.34% of the company’s stock. 

Mueller Water Products (MWA) opened at 11.46 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $1.83 billion, a PE ratio of 15.47 and a beta of 1.34. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $11.24 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.33. Mueller Water Products has a 1-year low of $10.45 and a 1-year high of $14.20. 




Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.09 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.09. The firm had revenue of $199.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $206 million. Mueller Water Products had a net margin of 12.45% and a return on equity of 18.45%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.10 EPS.  On average, analysts forecast that  Mueller Water Products will post $0.45 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 178,647 Mueller Water Products (MWA)” was originally  posted by Watch List News and is the property of of Watch List News. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.watchlistnews.com/marshall-wace-asia-ltd-purchases-shares-of-178647-mueller-water-products-mwa/1393530.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently commented on MWA shares. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Mueller Water Products in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Nomura started coverage on Mueller Water Products in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. They set a “buy” rating and a $15.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised Mueller Water Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $13.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. CIBC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Mueller Water Products in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 target price on shares of Mueller Water Products in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $13.71.
In other news, Director Bernard G. Rethore sold 56,400 shares of Mueller Water Products stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.23, for a total transaction of $633,372.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 27,303 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $306,612.69. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Shirley C. Franklin sold 9,156 shares of Mueller Water Products stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.40, for a total transaction of $104,378.40. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 39,157 shares in the company, valued at approximately $446,389.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
Mueller Water Products Company Profile
Mueller Water Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of products and services used in the transmission, distribution and measurement of water in North America. The Company operates through two segments: Mueller Co and Mueller Technologies. The Mueller Co segment manufactures valves for water and gas systems, and dry-barrel and wet-barrel fire hydrants.

Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MWA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA).

Receive News & Ratings for Mueller Water Products Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mueller Water Products and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Micah Haroldson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 










































﻿






























MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 3,889 Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (NYSE:FDP) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Marshall Wace North America L.P. Acquires Shares of 12,831 Janus Capital Group Inc (NYSE:JNS)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 3,889 Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (NYSE:FDP)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in ITT Inc. (NYSE:ITT)
14,463 Shares in Fossil Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:FOSL) Acquired by MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Acquires 2,700 Shares of Astoria Financial Corporation (NYSE:AF)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $302,000 in Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:CFFN)
South Dakota Investment Council Maintains Position in American Electric Power Company, Inc. (NYSE:AEP)
Legal & General Group Plc Has $3.54 Million Position in KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (KS)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Has $1.05 Million Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (NYSE:JLL)
PolyOne Corporation (POL) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC
Paloma Partners Management Co Increases Position in Nordson Corporation (NDSN)
Paloma Partners Management Co Has $1.14 Million Position in Waters Corporation (WAT)
Q3 2018 EPS Estimates for The Finish Line, Inc. (FINL) Increased by Wedbush
American Outdoor Brands Corporation (NASDAQ:AOBC) Issues FY18 Earnings Guidance
State Street Corp Buys 222,388 Shares of Mercury General Corporation (NYSE:MCY)
Teradata Corporation (NYSE:TDC) Stake Boosted by State Street Corp
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Has $268,000 Stake in West Corporation (NASDAQ:WSTC)
Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. Invests $460,000 in WEX Inc. (NYSE:WEX)
Matthews International Corporation (MATW) Stock Rating Upgraded by Macquarie
Fiserv, Inc. (FISV) Shares Sold by Nomura Holdings Inc.



 


MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 3,889 Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (NYSE:FDP)

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 



MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd bought a new position in  Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (NYSE:FDP) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 3,889 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $229,000. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of FDP. GSA Capital Partners LLP purchased a new stake in  Fresh Del Monte Produce during the fourth quarter worth approximately $375,000.  Icon Advisers Inc. Co. purchased a new stake in  Fresh Del Monte Produce during the first quarter worth approximately $320,000.  Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in  Fresh Del Monte Produce by 6.5% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 112,727 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,677,000 after buying an additional 6,891 shares during the period.  State Street Corp boosted its stake in  Fresh Del Monte Produce by 8.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 655,712 shares of the company’s stock worth $39,755,000 after buying an additional 49,754 shares during the period.  Finally, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its stake in  Fresh Del Monte Produce by 5.8% in the first quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 111,435 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,600,000 after buying an additional 6,086 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  67.78% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. alerts:



Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (FDP) opened at 51.04 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $2.61 billion, a PE ratio of 13.95 and a beta of 0.42. Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. has a 12 month low of $48.87 and a 12 month high of $66.86. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $50.78 and a 200 day moving average price of $55.79. 




Fresh Del Monte Produce (NYSE:FDP) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.84 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.17 by $0.33. Fresh Del Monte Produce had a return on equity of 11.34% and a net margin of 4.71%. The business had revenue of $1.03 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.05 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.57 EPS. Fresh Del Monte Produce’s revenue was up 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was  posted by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/25/marshall-wace-asia-ltd-buys-new-position-in-fresh-del-monte-produce-inc-nysefdp-updated-updated.html. 
Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut Fresh Del Monte Produce from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st.
In other Fresh Del Monte Produce news, Director Hani El-Naffy sold 106,044 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.09, for a total value of $5,735,919.96. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 36.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Fresh Del Monte Produce
Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in sourcing, transportation and marketing of fresh and fresh-cut produce together with prepared food products in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Its operations are aggregated into business segments on the basis of its products: bananas, other fresh produce and prepared food.







Receive News & Ratings for Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Marshall Wace North America L.P. Acquires Shares of 12,831 Janus Capital Group Inc 





MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Purchases Shares of 3,889 Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. 





Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Acquires 2,700 Shares of Astoria Financial Corporation 





14,463 Shares in Fossil Group, Inc.  Acquired by MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd





MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in ITT Inc. 





Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Has $1.05 Million Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 







































﻿






























Panera Bread Company (PNRA) Stake Increased by Bank of Montreal Can - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Panera Bread Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Panera Bread Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Watsco, Inc. (WSO.B) to Issue Dividend Increase – $1.25 Per Share
ARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc. to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.19 (ARR)
Strayer Education (NASDAQ:STRA) vs. DeVry Education Group (ATGE) Financial Survey
Comparing M/I Homes (MHO) and M.D.C. Holdings (NYSE:MDC)
Cinemark Holdings (NYSE:CNK) vs. Carmike Cinemas (CKEC) Financial Survey
Natera (NASDAQ:NTRA) vs. Quotient (QTNT) Financial Survey
Perrigo Company plc (NYSE:PRGO) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Buckingham Asset Management LLC Has $302,000 Position in Southern Company (The) (SO)
Mexco Energy Co. (NYSEMKT:MXC) Issues  Earnings Results
Novavax, Inc. (NASDAQ:NVAX) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $5.90 Million
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Increases Position in Regal Beloit Corporation (NYSE:RBC)
Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Has $6.38 Million Position in International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM)
Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on General Electric (NYSE:GE)
Axa Has $482,000 Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)
Segment Wealth Management LLC Has $2.56 Million Stake in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)
Autus Asset Management LLC Has $596,000 Position in U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB)
FairPoint Communications Inc (FRP) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $2.65 Million Position in TELUS Corporation (NYSE:TU)
Vanguard Total International Stock ETF (NASDAQ:VXUS) Given Media Impact Score of -0.25
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Stake in New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB)







Panera Bread Company (PNRA) Stake Increased by Bank of Montreal Can


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments




Bank of Montreal Can boosted its stake in  Panera Bread Company (NASDAQ:PNRA) by 336.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 92,213 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 71,097 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can owned approximately 0.41% of Panera Bread Company worth $29,016,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Credit Agricole S A raised its position in shares of  Panera Bread Company by 10.9% in the fourth quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 1,028 shares of the company’s stock worth $211,000 after buying an additional 101 shares during the last quarter.  AQR Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Panera Bread Company by 10.4% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 27,171 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,573,000 after buying an additional 2,556 shares during the last quarter.  Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in shares of  Panera Bread Company by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 3,730 shares of the company’s stock worth $765,000 after buying an additional 220 shares during the last quarter.  Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of  Panera Bread Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $48,169,000.  Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of  Panera Bread Company by 28.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 24,478 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,020,000 after buying an additional 5,370 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  96.66% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Panera Bread Company alerts:



Shares of Panera Bread Company (NASDAQ:PNRA) opened at 314.88 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $7.08 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 47.67 and a beta of 0.25. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $314.01 and a 200-day moving average of $263.79. Panera Bread Company has a one year low of $185.69 and a one year high of $316.21. 





Panera Bread Company (NASDAQ:PNRA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The company reported $1.83 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.84 by $0.01. Panera Bread Company had a net margin of 5.39% and a return on equity of 51.13%. The firm had revenue of $727.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $717.36 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.56 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Panera Bread Company will post $7.70 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/17/panera-bread-company-pnra-stake-increased-by-bank-of-montreal-can.html. 
A number of brokerages have recently commented on PNRA. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Panera Bread Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, April 20th. BidaskClub lowered shares of Panera Bread Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, July 6th. Sanford C. Bernstein  reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Panera Bread Company in a report on Monday, July 3rd. Canaccord Genuity lowered shares of Panera Bread Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $315.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Maxim Group  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $315.00 price target on shares of Panera Bread Company in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned  a hold rating and nine have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $273.65.
Panera Bread Company Company Profile
Panera Bread Company is a food service company. The Company is a national bakery-cafe concept. As of December 27, 2016, the Company operated 2,036 own and franchise-operated bakery-cafe locations in 46 states, the District of Columbia, and Ontario, Canada. It operates through three segments: Company bakery-cafe operations, franchise operations, and fresh dough and other product operations.







Receive News & Ratings for Panera Bread Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Panera Bread Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 

















































MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR) – Momentous News




























Skip to content




Momentous News

The Most Important News Online



Menu











July 11, 2017
HomeCompany News & Financial SectorMARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR)


MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR)



By Rosalyn Hughes
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments










MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd acquired a new position in shares of  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund acquired 407,471 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $33,005,000. MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd owned 0.16% of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of IR. Israel Discount Bank of New York purchased a new position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) during the first quarter valued at about $126,000.  Bessemer Group Inc. increased its position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 20.1% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 1,693 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying an additional 283 shares during the period.  Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) during the fourth quarter valued at about $137,000.  Tradewinds Capital Management LLC increased its position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 9.0% in the first quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC now owns 1,690 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 140 shares during the period.  Finally, Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 2,392 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $194,000 after buying an additional 208 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  82.36% of the company’s stock. 
                  Get Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) alerts:               
Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) opened at 93.73 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $89.50 and a 200-day moving average price of $82.84. The firm has a market capitalization of $24.00 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.03 and a beta of 1.32. Ingersoll-Rand PLC has a 12 month low of $62.40 and a 12 month high of $94.39. 
Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $0.57 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.04. Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) had a return on equity of 16.44% and a net margin of 10.58%. The company had revenue of $3 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.94 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.50 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 3.7% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts forecast that  Ingersoll-Rand PLC will post $4.52 EPS for the current year. 
 ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR)” was  reported by Transcript Daily and is the property of of Transcript Daily. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/07/11/marshall-wace-asia-ltd-invests-33-01-million-in-ingersoll-rand-plc-ireland-ir-updated-updated.html.  







IR has been the subject of several analyst reports. Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $101.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, June 16th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Credit Suisse Group  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $84.00 target price on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $87.00 price target on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $93.33.
In related news, insider Paul A. Camuti sold 6,960 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $89.90, for a total transaction of $625,704.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 64,979 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,841,612.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, EVP Robert Zafari sold 1,483 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $89.59, for a total value of $132,861.97. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 66,944 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,997,512.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 21,943 shares of company stock valued at $1,967,606 in the last quarter. Corporate insiders own  0.65% of the company’s stock. 
About Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland)
Ingersoll-Rand Public Limited Company provides products, services and solutions to improve the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings, transport and protect food and perishables. The Company’s business segments include Climate and Industrial. It is engaged in the design, manufacture, sale and service of a portfolio of industrial and commercial products that include brand names, such as Ingersoll-Rand, Trane, American Standard, ARO and Club Car.

Receive News & Ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) Daily – Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.
 




Related Posts 


 

Aptose Biosciences Inc (APTO) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at HC Wainwright









Inter Pipeline Ltd (IPL) Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.44 Per Share









Tilly’s Inc (TLYS) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy”



 


About Author
 Rosalyn Hughes







Add a Comment Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment:*Name:*
Email Address:*
Website:
 

 











 


TagsAbitibiBowater
AGCO Corporation
Annual International Monetary Fund Meeting
Apple
Athabasca Oil
Burberry
Casey’s General Stores
Casey’s General Stores Sales
Cencosud
Citigroup
Descartes Systems Group
Electronic Arts
Finisar
Fortinet
GENIVAR
Global
Global Stock
Global Stocks
Global Stocks Fall
Harley Davidson
HD Supply
IAMGOLD
Interpublic
Johnson Controls
Masimo
PG&E
PG&E Earnings Growth
Portugal Telecom
Ringgit
Rocket Internet
Solera Holdings
SPX
SPX Earnings
TD Ameritrade
Tilly
Vodafone
Webster
Windstream
WNS
WNS Growth
 

 














Company News & Financial Sector – Momentous News






















Skip to content




Momentous News

The Most Important News Online



Menu








Category: Company News & Financial Sector


July 26, 2017


TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Position Decreased by Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P.


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. decreased its position in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) by 17.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 8,369 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock after selling 1,762 shares during the period. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P.’s                


                Read More            



July 26, 2017


Oxford Asset Management Takes Position in Target Corporation (TGT)


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Oxford Asset Management purchased a new position in Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund purchased 45,058 shares of the retailer’s stock, valued at approximately $2,487,000. A number of other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Welch &                


                Read More            



July 26, 2017


Elkfork Partners LLC Has $44.02 Million Position in U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB)


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Elkfork Partners LLC reduced its position in shares of U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB) by 2.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 854,722 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 25,432 shares during the period. U.S. Bancorp makes up approximately 1.4% of Elkfork Partners LLC’s                


                Read More            



July 26, 2017


Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Increases Stake in Univar Inc. (NYSE:UNVR)


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Goldman Sachs Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Univar Inc. (NYSE:UNVR) by 1.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2,350,559 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 37,547 shares during the period. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. owned about                


                Read More            



July 26, 2017


Amalgamated Bank Reduces Position in Hexcel Corporation (HXL)


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Amalgamated Bank reduced its position in shares of Hexcel Corporation (NYSE:HXL) by 18.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 13,531 shares of the aerospace company’s stock after selling 2,986 shares during the period. Amalgamated Bank’s holdings in Hexcel Corporation were worth $738,000 at the                


                Read More            



July 26, 2017


Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Has $412,000 Stake in Loews Corporation (NYSE:L)


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan maintained its stake in Loews Corporation (NYSE:L) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 8,810 shares of the insurance provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan’s holdings in                


                Read More            



July 26, 2017


Lithia Motors, Inc. (NYSE:LAD) Stake Increased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Lithia Motors, Inc. (NYSE:LAD) by 14.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 922,561 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 113,357 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund                


                Read More            



July 26, 2017


Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Cuts Stake in Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (MMP)


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Westwood Holdings Group Inc. lowered its position in Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (NYSE:MMP) by 4.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1,205,367 shares of the pipeline company’s stock after selling 59,168 shares during the period. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. owned                


                Read More            



July 26, 2017


Nippon Life Global Investors Americas Inc. Decreases Stake in Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL)


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Nippon Life Global Investors Americas Inc. cut its position in shares of Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) by 17.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 149,020 shares of the company’s stock after selling 32,460 shares during the period. Nippon Life Global Investors                


                Read More            



July 26, 2017


Titan International, Inc. (NYSE:TWI) Position Cut by Citadel Advisors LLC


By Paul Robinson
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments








                    Citadel Advisors LLC lowered its stake in Titan International, Inc. (NYSE:TWI) by 63.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 60,976 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 105,717 shares during the period. Citadel Advisors LLC owned about 0.10% of Titan                


                Read More            







 


TagsAbitibiBowater
AGCO Corporation
Annual International Monetary Fund Meeting
Apple
Athabasca Oil
Burberry
Casey’s General Stores
Casey’s General Stores Sales
Cencosud
Citigroup
Descartes Systems Group
Electronic Arts
Finisar
Fortinet
GENIVAR
Global
Global Stock
Global Stocks
Global Stocks Fall
Harley Davidson
HD Supply
IAMGOLD
Interpublic
Johnson Controls
Masimo
PG&E
PG&E Earnings Growth
Portugal Telecom
Ringgit
Rocket Internet
Solera Holdings
SPX
SPX Earnings
TD Ameritrade
Tilly
Vodafone
Webster
Windstream
WNS
WNS Growth
 











Home | Marshall Wace






















      Marshall Wace
    






      What brings us together
      sets us apart
    





        Welcome to Marshall Wace


        Marshall Wace is a global alternative asset management
        company with a philosophy of entrepreneurship and a history of
        innovation.
      




About 
Marshall Wace is a leading global alternative asset management company. Our reputation, built up over 19 years, is founded on the quality of our product offering, our people, a relentless drive for innovation, and our integrity.

        Know More
      











People
At the heart of Marshall Wace are our people, individuals and teams, whose creativity and application are the lifeblood of our firm. By bringing together individuals with a variety of knowledge, ideas, and passions, we drive our exceptional performance and create an environment for people to reach their full potential.

        Know More
      



















Marshall Wace - Wikipedia






















 






Marshall Wace

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Marshall Wace





Type

LLP


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1997


Headquarters
London, United Kingdom



Key people

Paul Marshall and Ian Wace


Products
Investment products


Website
www.mwam.com


Marshall Wace LLP is a hedge fund in London that was founded by Paul Marshall and Ian Wace in 1997. Marshall is chairman and chief investment officer, and Wace is chief executive officer.



Contents


1 Overview
2 Personnel
3 Further reading
4 External links



Overview[edit]
The firm manages more than $30bn and operates from fund management offices in London, New York and Hong Kong. The head office in London is on Sloane Street.
Marshall Wace manages a number of fundamental long short equity funds. The investment process for each uses fundamental analysis that seeks to identify companies which are substantially mispriced on an absolute or relative basis. Managers have the ability to shift from value to growth, from small to medium to large capitalization stocks, and switch from a net long position to a net short position. Managers can also use futures and options to hedge.
In addition to its fundamental long/short equity strategies, Marshall Wace runs a proprietary alpha capture system called TOPS (Trade Optimised Portfolio System), which polls the investment ideas of equity sell-side practitioners (generalists, sector specialists, strategists, and economists) around the world and uses algorithms to analyse and optimise this information into liquid equity portfolios.
Most of Marshall Wace's investors are major institutions. However, a number of its funds are UCITS-compliant vehicles. In addition to the funds Marshall Wace runs itself, a significant proportion of the money it manages for clients resides in separately managed accounts.
Marshall Wace was a founder member of the Hedge Fund Standards Board (HFSB) and is a member of the Alternative Investment Management Association (AIMA).
In August 2014, Marshall Wace made €27 million from going short on the collapse of the Portuguese bank Banco Espirito Santo.
Personnel[edit]
Before starting the fund, Paul Marshall was Head of European Equities at Mercury Asset Management, and Ian Wace was Head of Equities Trading at Deutsche Bank. Marshall is one of the biggest backers of the Liberal Democrats party in the City of London and chairs the CentreForum think tank.
Wace is chairman of the charity Absolute Return for Kids and Marshall is also a supporter. Absolute Return for Kids supports deprived children in Britain, South Africa, and Eastern Europe. Every year the Ark dinner brings A-list celebrity and hedge fund money together. It raised £11m in 2007. David Cook, current Chief Digital Officer at Time Out was formerly Chief Information Officer at Marshall Wace.
Further reading[edit]

Bloomberg
ValueWalk

External links[edit]

Marshall Wace
Profile of Marshall Wace, The Times, October 15, 2005
AIMA
Hedge Fund Standards Board
[1]







v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Marshall_Wace&oldid=778904079"					
Categories: Hedge fund firms in the United KingdomHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 May 2017, at 21:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
























Home | Marshall Wace






















      Marshall Wace
    






      What brings us together
      sets us apart
    





        Welcome to Marshall Wace


        Marshall Wace is a global alternative asset management
        company with a philosophy of entrepreneurship and a history of
        innovation.
      




About 
Marshall Wace is a leading global alternative asset management company. Our reputation, built up over 19 years, is founded on the quality of our product offering, our people, a relentless drive for innovation, and our integrity.

        Know More
      











People
At the heart of Marshall Wace are our people, individuals and teams, whose creativity and application are the lifeblood of our firm. By bringing together individuals with a variety of knowledge, ideas, and passions, we drive our exceptional performance and create an environment for people to reach their full potential.

        Know More
      



















Marshall Wace - Wikipedia






















 






Marshall Wace

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Marshall Wace





Type

LLP


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1997


Headquarters
London, United Kingdom



Key people

Paul Marshall and Ian Wace


Products
Investment products


Website
www.mwam.com


Marshall Wace LLP is a hedge fund in London that was founded by Paul Marshall and Ian Wace in 1997. Marshall is chairman and chief investment officer, and Wace is chief executive officer.



Contents


1 Overview
2 Personnel
3 Further reading
4 External links



Overview[edit]
The firm manages more than $30bn and operates from fund management offices in London, New York and Hong Kong. The head office in London is on Sloane Street.
Marshall Wace manages a number of fundamental long short equity funds. The investment process for each uses fundamental analysis that seeks to identify companies which are substantially mispriced on an absolute or relative basis. Managers have the ability to shift from value to growth, from small to medium to large capitalization stocks, and switch from a net long position to a net short position. Managers can also use futures and options to hedge.
In addition to its fundamental long/short equity strategies, Marshall Wace runs a proprietary alpha capture system called TOPS (Trade Optimised Portfolio System), which polls the investment ideas of equity sell-side practitioners (generalists, sector specialists, strategists, and economists) around the world and uses algorithms to analyse and optimise this information into liquid equity portfolios.
Most of Marshall Wace's investors are major institutions. However, a number of its funds are UCITS-compliant vehicles. In addition to the funds Marshall Wace runs itself, a significant proportion of the money it manages for clients resides in separately managed accounts.
Marshall Wace was a founder member of the Hedge Fund Standards Board (HFSB) and is a member of the Alternative Investment Management Association (AIMA).
In August 2014, Marshall Wace made €27 million from going short on the collapse of the Portuguese bank Banco Espirito Santo.
Personnel[edit]
Before starting the fund, Paul Marshall was Head of European Equities at Mercury Asset Management, and Ian Wace was Head of Equities Trading at Deutsche Bank. Marshall is one of the biggest backers of the Liberal Democrats party in the City of London and chairs the CentreForum think tank.
Wace is chairman of the charity Absolute Return for Kids and Marshall is also a supporter. Absolute Return for Kids supports deprived children in Britain, South Africa, and Eastern Europe. Every year the Ark dinner brings A-list celebrity and hedge fund money together. It raised £11m in 2007. David Cook, current Chief Digital Officer at Time Out was formerly Chief Information Officer at Marshall Wace.
Further reading[edit]

Bloomberg
ValueWalk

External links[edit]

Marshall Wace
Profile of Marshall Wace, The Times, October 15, 2005
AIMA
Hedge Fund Standards Board
[1]







v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Marshall_Wace&oldid=778904079"					
Categories: Hedge fund firms in the United KingdomHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 May 2017, at 21:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Marshall Wace - Wikipedia






















 






Marshall Wace

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Marshall Wace





Type

LLP


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1997


Headquarters
London, United Kingdom



Key people

Paul Marshall and Ian Wace


Products
Investment products


Website
www.mwam.com


Marshall Wace LLP is a hedge fund in London that was founded by Paul Marshall and Ian Wace in 1997. Marshall is chairman and chief investment officer, and Wace is chief executive officer.



Contents


1 Overview
2 Personnel
3 Further reading
4 External links



Overview[edit]
The firm manages more than $30bn and operates from fund management offices in London, New York and Hong Kong. The head office in London is on Sloane Street.
Marshall Wace manages a number of fundamental long short equity funds. The investment process for each uses fundamental analysis that seeks to identify companies which are substantially mispriced on an absolute or relative basis. Managers have the ability to shift from value to growth, from small to medium to large capitalization stocks, and switch from a net long position to a net short position. Managers can also use futures and options to hedge.
In addition to its fundamental long/short equity strategies, Marshall Wace runs a proprietary alpha capture system called TOPS (Trade Optimised Portfolio System), which polls the investment ideas of equity sell-side practitioners (generalists, sector specialists, strategists, and economists) around the world and uses algorithms to analyse and optimise this information into liquid equity portfolios.
Most of Marshall Wace's investors are major institutions. However, a number of its funds are UCITS-compliant vehicles. In addition to the funds Marshall Wace runs itself, a significant proportion of the money it manages for clients resides in separately managed accounts.
Marshall Wace was a founder member of the Hedge Fund Standards Board (HFSB) and is a member of the Alternative Investment Management Association (AIMA).
In August 2014, Marshall Wace made €27 million from going short on the collapse of the Portuguese bank Banco Espirito Santo.
Personnel[edit]
Before starting the fund, Paul Marshall was Head of European Equities at Mercury Asset Management, and Ian Wace was Head of Equities Trading at Deutsche Bank. Marshall is one of the biggest backers of the Liberal Democrats party in the City of London and chairs the CentreForum think tank.
Wace is chairman of the charity Absolute Return for Kids and Marshall is also a supporter. Absolute Return for Kids supports deprived children in Britain, South Africa, and Eastern Europe. Every year the Ark dinner brings A-list celebrity and hedge fund money together. It raised £11m in 2007. David Cook, current Chief Digital Officer at Time Out was formerly Chief Information Officer at Marshall Wace.
Further reading[edit]

Bloomberg
ValueWalk

External links[edit]

Marshall Wace
Profile of Marshall Wace, The Times, October 15, 2005
AIMA
Hedge Fund Standards Board
[1]







v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Marshall_Wace&oldid=778904079"					
Categories: Hedge fund firms in the United KingdomHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Español 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 May 2017, at 21:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






