   George Martinez | Tyco International Ltd | ZoomInfo.com




Meet the Stylists - George Michael


































































  310.282.0997









Home
The GM System
Services
Products
Meet the Stylists
Long Hair Blog
Contact Us
 

328 South Beverly Drive, Suite B Beverly Hills, CA 90212


 310.282.0997









Schedule  Appointment



Since 1957
our styling experts
welcome you
Healthy Headturning Hair










MEET  OUR  STYLISTS

  

Jessie Martinez
Owner/ Long Hair Specialist
Jessie Martinez, owner of the George Michael of Beverly Hills Salon, is best known for styling, advising and inspiring women in California who desire long luxurious hair. She brought the famous “George Michael Long Hair Care System” to Los Angeles 25 years ago. Since then her business has grown to include a full service salon as well as a consulting operation for other salon owners. Jessie brings years of experience from working closely with Dr. George Michael and Maria “Madora” Mattarazzo in New York.
Jessie was born in Bitburg, Germany in 1957 to Puerto Rican American parents. She was raised in New York city and realized at an early age that her calling was in the beauty field. Jessie’s desire to help people achieve the highest  potential of their own beauty, and perhaps fate, brought her to the George Michael of Madison Avenue Salon New York in 1979.
Jessie soon began working with Dr. Michael, and he quickly took the ambitious young student under his wing. Dr. Michael said “Jessie, who I named ‘Brighteyes”, because of her energy and ability to learn and give, is now bringing her talents, knowledge, and international experience to the West Coast. She is my brightest star protégé and is always a credit to my name.” Jessie went on to teaching the George Michael System to European affiliates in New York and throughout Germany and Switzerland.
Exclusively employing the George Michael concepts and products, Jessie opened her own salon “George Michael of Beverly Hills”.
Her secret to success? “Study accomplished people you admire and emulate their patterns for success,” Jessie says, “Be open enough to listen to others, but always be true to yourself.”



  

Seza Toukhmanian
Long Hair Specialist
Having had long hair her whole life, and a natural affinity for it, Seza was instantly drawn to the George Michael Long Hair System. In 1988, after getting a long hair treatment from Jessie and seeing first hand how the George Michael Long Hair System transformed her hair, she decided that this was what she wanted to do. Seza went to Cosmetology school and started training with both Dr. George Michael and Jessie Martinez.
With her gentle touch and 19 years experience with long hair at the George Michael Beverly Hills Salon, Seza has built an impressive and loyal clientele. Using the George Michael Long Hair System she will make your hair shiny, strong and beautiful and if you want to grow it out she will help you. Seza is also a natural when it comes to hair color, while always keeping the health of the hair in mind.
Seza’s interests include natural health and nutrition. She’s always reading and researching new ways of staying healthy and young naturally.
To reach Seza you can call her directly at 310-386-2888 or email her at sezamarie@aol.com. Her hours are Tuesday through Saturday 10-5 and Thursdays 12-7. For weekend appointments please book a week ahead of time.



  

Karina Delnik
Esthetician
Karina is a licensed Esthetician with over 10 years of experience and state of the art methods and techniques. The Treatments Karina offers, are customized to each individual and begins with a complete skin analysis. She then designs a skin care program for optimal results.
These facials all include a deep cleanse, enzyme peel, Lucas spray treatment, ampule, and an appropriate individualized treatment.  (over 15 are available )
She has a large selection of cosmetic and skin care products from leading manufacturers such as Klapp Group, Germaine de Capuccini, Allegra, Pevonia  ( From France, Germany, Austria )
She uses the most comprehensive and advanced skin care equipment, from leading German manufacturers such as Silkdermic microdermabrasion, galvanic treatment, Lucas spray, oxygen machine, etc. Her gentle touch and expert knowledge will leave you loving your skin again.
Karina is also very adept at applying “Xtreme Lashes” extensions (used by numerous Hollywood stars).



  

Juliya Komarovskaya 
Long Hair Stylist
Juliya has been a George Michael long hair specialist for over five years now. She has thoroughly enjoyed her journey helping her clients achieve long beautiful and healthy hair. She has embraced the GMBH long hair system for herself and now has a beautiful head of long hair.
Juliya has been able to help all her clients achieve amazing results using the George Michael Beverly Hills long hair treatment, products and techniques that are unique to our salon. Her specialties include consultation and application of the GM Treatment, setting, hair color and highlighting as well as creating beautiful and elegant hairstyles. 
You can reach her directly at 818-331-5009.



  

Elie BenDavid
Stylist
Elie is a classic hair stylist specializing in smoothening unruly hair into beautiful, romantic and effortless styles. Extremely fast and efficient at blow drying and  creating styles with lots of bounce, he's a perfect choice for the short hair client. 
Elie is very adept at creating a "look" that is specific to each individual, always accentuating the clients attributes to bring out the clients best features. Also an expert colorist, he specializes in all types of coloring and highlighting.
Elie became a licensed cosmetologist in Israel in 1974. While in Tel Aviv he owned "Salon Visage" until he moved to Southern California in 1980.
You can reach him directly at 917-214-1396.





HOURS

Mon    Closed
Tue    10:00 am - 5:00 pm
Wed   10:00 am - 5:00 pm
Thu   10:00 am - 8:00 pm
Fri   10:00 am - 5:00 pm
Sat    10:00 am - 5:00 pm
Sun   Closed
 

Come Meet Our 
Highly Experienced  Staff
TAKE ME THERE 

Don’t Forget Your  Gift Card 
Pamper YOUR FAVES With a GM Experience 

Visit Our Styles Gallery
SHOW ME MORE 









GET THE 







 LONG HAIR SECRETS
PLUS EXCLUSIVE  OFFERS AND HAIR TIPS IN YOUR INBOX 




name



email










 









328 South Beverly Drive, Suite B Beverly Hills, CA 90212
 310.282.0997









Menu
 



Our Mission
We are the premier experts in long hair care and are committed to providing the best experience possible for each guest, through unparalleled customer service, customer education, and the finest hair care in the world















letgo - Big george rotisserie BRAND NEW a... in Martinez, GASearch
                      Send me the App
                    Log InSell Your Stuff
            Home
          
              Georgia
            
              Martinez
            
              Other
            Big George Rotisserie Brand New All AccessoriesDescription
                                    Never used. all accessories included. 
                
                  1 day
                 58
                    Martinez, GA            Share this product
                    $199.99
                Big George Rotisserie Brand New All Accessories - MartinezChat with norman vestAbout the sellerNnorman vestGarmin Streetpilot 3Martinez, GAPanasonic Pv-Gs29 Mini Palm Video Camera Martinez, GASonycybershot Memorystick 2.5 Hours 3000 ShotsMartinez, GASony Mpegmovie Vx Dsc-N2 And Underwater CaseMartinez, GASee all norman vest's productsLog in or create your account at letgo Discover Sell Your Stuff  FAQ
                              Use the letgo app and post a product in a snap!
                            
                                  letgo app
                Download from Google PlayDownload from App Store Facebook An error occurred while logging in with Facebook. Please try again. Google An error occurred while logging in with Google. Please try again.OR USE YOUR EMAILSign UpLog InPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Please enter a username.Sign Up
                                By clicking on "Sign up", you agree to the letgo Terms & Conditions and Privacy PolicyPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Remember meLog InForgot your password?Enter your email address and we’ll send you a link to download the free appPlease enter a valid email address.SendAccept
        The letgo Privacy Policy has been updated. Please click "Accept" to show your agreement with the new policy.
      





Martinez,george: U.S. Customs data
















English
中文


About

Products & Pricing 

Products
Pricing


Free Customs Data
Buyer Services

Blog
GBI Login

















Log In
or
Join Free
 




Shipments


Products
Shipments





 Search

 

 
 





Reduce Risk. Join Now.


 800M Shipment Records
 Competitor Shipment Tracking


 300,000 Manufacturers
 Company Reviews



 Filter Suppliers by Relationship
 3 Million Products

Join Free








Martinez,george

 Track Shipments

 Shipment Profile




        1
        Import 
        
          Shipment
        
      

Lackland Afb.tx


 









Import History4 Shipments



Exporter
Importer
Description


Departure
Arrival





Republic Van Lines, Inc.


        Martinez,george
      


          202(KG)
          - 1pieces
          
        
        Dod-Sponsored Hhg-Used Military Hhg-S-H-B- Personalefct--- Code-4 ---01 Martinez,george Sra -dfwg-Gbl#qifl0015142 00445# 0074-; Net- 305
      



          Okinawa Island
          

            2014-07-15
            Los Angeles, California







 View more shipments

 


Shipment History

Get access to 30+ million shipment records, shipment profiles & company tracking.
View Now



Trade Partners

View this company's top trade partners. See the number and percentage of shipments from each.
View Now



Weights & Quantities



Shipment Weight (Kg)



Min
Avg
Max


202
202
202





Average Quantity
1 items






Trade Partners





1 Shipping Routes 




Origin Port

 Shipments

Destination Port





          Okinawa Island
        


1



          Los Angeles, California
        




 View more routes



Location
Lackland Afb.tx





 






Share











Recently Viewed Products


Expansion Tank Manufacturers
        6 Suppliers &
        38 Products
      

Coating Pan Manufacturers
        100 Suppliers &
        572 Products
      

LVL Manufacturers
        22 Suppliers &
        81 Products
      

Fire Door Manufacturers
        60 Suppliers &
        369 Products
      

Kitchen Product Manufacturers
        383 Suppliers &
        2,591 Products
      



Popular Products on Tradesparq


Paper Coating Manufacturers
        294 Suppliers &
        2,186 Products
        

Compact Wheel Loader Manufacturers
        9 Suppliers &
        36 Products
        

Pin Insulator Manufacturers
        39 Suppliers &
        112 Products
        

Rubber Eraser Manufacturers
        17 Suppliers &
        71 Products
        

LED Chip Manufacturers
        312 Suppliers &
        1,935 Products
        




 


 
 








×
Message 
















									    Send this inquiry to similar products
									  










								Recipient: 


 Invite to connect
				      





























* All fields required






At no time will Tradesparq make your email available to other users without your permission.  See our privacy policy.




Close
Send Message




































letgo - Prince George collection in Martinez, GASearch
                      Send me the App
                    Log InSell Your Stuff
            Home
          
              Georgia
            
              Martinez
            
              Home and Garden
            Prince George CollectionDescription
                                    Prince george collection. Have 5tea cups excellent condition.
                
                  6 days
                 87
                    Martinez, GA            Share this product
                    $50
                Prince George Collection - MartinezChat with Jerry LucreeAbout the sellerJJerry LucreeAyshford Fine Bone ChinaMartinez, GARadar DetectorMartinez, GALeather SaddleMartinez, GAVintage ProjectorMartinez, GASee all Jerry Lucree's productsLog in or create your account at letgo Discover Sell Your Stuff  FAQ
                              Use the letgo app and post a product in a snap!
                            
                                  letgo app
                Download from Google PlayDownload from App Store Facebook An error occurred while logging in with Facebook. Please try again. Google An error occurred while logging in with Google. Please try again.OR USE YOUR EMAILSign UpLog InPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Please enter a username.Sign Up
                                By clicking on "Sign up", you agree to the letgo Terms & Conditions and Privacy PolicyPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Remember meLog InForgot your password?Enter your email address and we’ll send you a link to download the free appPlease enter a valid email address.SendAccept
        The letgo Privacy Policy has been updated. Please click "Accept" to show your agreement with the new policy.
      












GEORGE MARTINEZ | Office of Logistics & Acquisition Operations































Skip to main content




Office of Logistics & Acquisition Operations

Font Size




Current Size: 100%


Office of Logistics and Acquisition Operations (OLAO)



Search form

Search 










Home >> Content >> George Martinez





GEORGE MARTINEZ






	Director, Division of Logistics Services

	6011 Executive Blvd, Suite 645B

	Rockville, MD 20852

	(301) 496-4548

George.martinez@nih.gov

	 


EDUCATION and TRAINING

Graduate School:



Masters of Art in Organization Management, University of Phoenix

College:

Bachelor of Science Degree, Business Management, University of Maryland

Associates Degree, General Studies, Central Texas College

Technical and Professional Courses:

Achieved consistent academic honors in logistics and leadership courses: 

Medical Logistics Supervisors Course

Noncommissioned Officer Logistics Program

U.S Army First Sergeant Course

U.S. Army Sergeants Major Course

Army Medical Department Executive Course

Deployable Medical System Executive Course

Contracting Officers Representative Course

Health Care Logistics/Facility Planning

Academic Instructor & Small Group Instructor 

Battle Staff Certified

Master Fitness Certified

Credentials:

Federal Executive Institute; Leadership for a Democratic Society

American Management Association; Certification in Leadership Excellence 

Georgetown University; Certificate in Government Executive Leadership

University of Virginia, Darden School of Business; Leadership for Extra Ordinary Performance

EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE

Deputy Director, Office of Supply and Warehouse Services, Social Security Administration (SSA)

Program Manager, Organization Inspection Program, U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command

Project Manager, Contingency/Consequence Medical Build Program, U.S. Air Force

Developmental Logistics and Leadership Positions while serving in the U.S Army, World-Wide: 1976-2002, retired as Command Sergeant Major, U.S. Army Medical Department

PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS

National Property Management Association

Council for Supply Chain Management

Warehouse Education and Research Council

 
 
1244 reads
Last Modified On: Oct 03, 2016













Jet.com - Prices Drop As You ShopSkip to navigationSkip to cartSkip to footerMy FavesPromotionsEasy ReorderWhy Shop Jet?Track Your OrderFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsCATEGORIESRegister | Log InEnter Zip CodeAccountMy FavesEasy ReorderEasy ReorderMy ProfileOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutLog InRegisterEnter your zip codeMy FavesEasy ReorderMy ProfileMy FavesEasy ReorderOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutCat NavNeed help? We're available 24/7.1 (855) 538-4323|help@jet.com|FAQCompanyAbout UsCareersSell on JetJet AffiliatesJetCaresTech BlogDownloadSocialfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramTips, Tricks, and Life HacksJet BlogGet the Offersemail iconSign up for our emailsFeedbackat sign iconSend us your feedbackCopyright © 2017 Jet.com, Inc. | Version: 3:953:1500500461971:Version: 3:953:1500500461971:Privacy NoticeTerms of Use








			George Martinez | About Me | George Martinez		














































				Please enable JavaScript to view this website.			









George Martinez




















About Me

Graphic/Web Designer



Graphic/Web Designer from Southern California, Los Angeles. I am currently a student at Otis College of Art and Design studying under a strong collective faculty directed by Kali Nikitas. I am a junior transfer student from Santa Monica Community College where I received my technical knowledge on design programs and website development.
I hold a great passion for identity and logo design. This can be a difficult field for a graphic designer to venture into as it requires a great understanding of an emerging dynamic audience. However, since I enjoy being able to connect my client’s goals with that of their target audience, I see past the obstacle. To me, accomplishment is gained when I have successfully generated a larger audience, a longer engagement or a lasting interaction with any of my works.
My purpose as a graphic designer is to facilitate communication between businesses and customers, producers and viewers. I believe there should always be a purpose for any piece of design, this is why I continually push myself to produce work that is worthy of being viewed and not merely a decorative piece.
I mainly focus on commercial work that in some way shape or form is linked back to marketing and advertising. Though I may not consider myself an advertising student, I believe any graphic work is in a way an advertising piece promoting an idea, expression or product.
I would never consider my work to be a candidate for museum exhibits. I don’t want to be rich I don’t want to be famous. I want to be successful in what I do. I want to be able to motivate individuals in finding their better natures. I want to create to benefit those around me.
My ultimate goal as a designer is to design a professional sports team logo and a full identity for a major airline. As soon as I do this, I can die a happy man.

 
Sergeant

Before starting my career as a graphic designer I spent 6 years in the Army. I am proud to be a two time Iraq war veteran. While in the Army I acquired many awards and honors. My proudest moment was when I attained the rank of Sergeant (E-5) at the age of 21. Once at this position I had the honor of leading a team of troops into my second Iraq deployment; a successful mission where we aided in the reconstruction of Iraq. I received an Honorable Discharge with a Driver and Mech badge, a Combat Action Badge, 3 Army Commendation Medals, 2 Good Conduct Medals, 3 Army Achievement Medals, a Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and an Iraq Campaign Medal.


Image by James Suh










Awards & Honors Gold Pencil - 2013 Young Ones
Skills 
Logo Design
Website Design
Advertising
Print Design
Book Design
Marketing Strategy


Software, Systems & Scripts 
Adobe CS6
Microsoft Office
HTML(5)
CCS / CCS3
Fruity Loops
Google Analytics
Mail Chimp, Constant Contact
Ring Central


Spare Time 
Music Composition (Reggaeton/Hip-Hop)
Baseball (Catcher)
Running (6:30 mile)


 







Vimeo
LinkedIn
Pinterest


































About Us - Martinez Air Conditioning & Heating Inc, George West, TX 78022 - Lennox































Service After the Sale
Call Us: 361-449-1566










First Name:



Last Name:



Phone:



Email:



Comments:



 
 














HomeProductsServicesFinancingOur Company

Contact UsService AreaHistoryQualificationsMeet Our Team



About Us

Service Area

View Larger Map


We are proud to offer service in and around the following communities:



BeevilleGeorge WestMathisThree RiversTilden 





History
Founded in 1976 by Adan and Lupe Martinez, Martinez Air Conditioning & Heating was started in a small shop selling and servicing appliances, window units and central air conditioning systems.  Now managed by Hector Martinez, we now offer a full line of HVAC and indoor air quality equipment, service agreements, extended warranties and more.  We are proud to offer full service heating and air conditioning solutions without the big box store feel.  We take pride in doing the job right and providing our customers the personal attention they deserve.


Our Qualifications
We are heating and cooling professionals! We maintain a high level of quality among our staff.  All of our installers and technicians are trained on a regular, on-going basis. We are certified by the following industry organizations:License Number: State of Texas TACLB16358-E     Insured

LENNOX PREMIER DEALER


Trained and independently evaluated on an ongoing basis, Dave Lennox Premier Dealers™ deliver a level of comfort and service no one else can match.
Premium service
      			When it comes to delivering quality service, Dave Lennox Premier Dealers™ realize that actions speak louder than words. So instead of just talking quality, they practice it through listening and responding to your needs.
Premium productsAs partners with the leading name in home comfort, Dave Lennox Premier Dealers™ offer some of the best products available in the industry, including products from the Dave LennoxSignature® Collection.
Premium satisfaction
      			To earn and maintain "Premier" status, Dave Lennox Premier Dealers™ must participate in an independent Customer Satisfaction program. This provides customers with the opportunity to objectively evaluate their performance. Only those that achieve and continue to meet our high standards can identify themselves as a Dave Lennox Premier Dealer™.



Better Business Bureau



 
The Better Business Bureau (BBB) system in the U.S. extends across the nation; coast-to-coast, and in Hawaii, Alaska, and Puerto Rico. Since the founding of the first BBB in 1912, the BBB system has proven that the majority of marketplace problems can be solved fairly through the use of voluntary self-regulation and consumer education.



 



Mitsubishi Electric Diamond™ Contractor


Certified Training and Expertise
Mitsubishi Electric Diamond Contractors have reached the highest level of accreditation from Mitsubishi Electric Cooling & Heating. Factory trained in the M- and P-Series products, they have invested the time to develop personalized, hands-on expertise in sales, installation and service at one of Mitsubishi Electric's approved training centers. So, customers can be sure that they're getting the most professional, sure-handed installation and maintenance - the most reliable environmental comfort available from a Mitsubishi Electric Cooling & Heating system. What's more, customers can be sure that their Mitsubishi Electric Diamond Contractor is staying up-to-date on the technology as it evolves. And that should make customers feel very comfortable, indeed.
The Diamond Contractor 12 & 12 Warranty Program
That's a 12 year limited warranty on compressors and 12 years on parts. What could be simpler–or more reassuring? This is an exclusive benefit that only Mitsubishi Electric Diamond Contractors can offer.


 

ACCA-TEXAS


ACCA-Texas is a nonprofit trade association for the heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration contractors in Texas. These contractors design, install, maintain and service HVAC/R systems, guided by principals of honesty and integrity. As an affiliate of the nationally respected Air Conditioning Contractors of America, ACCA-Texas is committed to improving the industry by helping members succeed.


 

NATIONAL FEDERATION OF INDEPENDENT BUSINESS


NFIB is America's leading small business association, promoting & protecting the right of members to own, operate and grow their businesses. 


 

GEORGE WEST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE


Martinez AC & Heating is a member of the George West Chamber of Commerce.





Meet Our Team


Hector Martinez- Managing PartnerHello I am Hector Martinez. I am the managing partner for Martinez A/c & Htg, Inc. It seems that I have been in the business all my life and was groomed for this by my father "Adan" and mother "Lupe" who actually started this business.   I have a wonderful partner in my life.  Between Elizabeth and I we have 5 children and 7 grandchildren.  I served in the Army Reserves for 22 years as an Operating room technician and Career counselor.  I am veteran of Desert Shield/Desert Storm and member of VFW Post 6119.  I feel my experiences in the Army helped me to deal with running a business and balancing family life.  I am a former GW city councilman and currently serve on the GW Planning and Zoning committee.  



Margarito A. Martinez - Technician / InstallerMy name is Margarito A. Martinez "Alex" I am 50 years old and am a 1984 AC Jones graduate, married to a lovely lady of 30 years, 3 kids and 5 grandkids.  I have been in the a/c & heating business for 22 years doing installation and service and I really love my job.  I have always said, "I aim to please" because in my line of work if I don’t someone else will.  




Rodolfo “Rudy” Pena Jr.  - InstallerMy name is Rodolfo “Rudy” Pena Jr.  My life has been an adventure traveling to Europe, Japan, Korea, Hawaii and Brazil and many places in between over the past 30 years as an Aviation maintenance mechanical technician for the Army and private contractor. I’m married to my wife “Irma” of 26 years whom I met while on active duty. I am combat war veteran of Desert Shield and Desert Storm with 2 Bronze stars. Presently we live in Three Rivers, TX. Over the past 16 years I have been an avid member of VFW Post 6119, a post commander, service officer and adjutant officer and proudly serve as a volunteer in all civic events in Live Oak County for Veterans.  I have been working for Martinez A/c & Htg, Inc. since March 2014 installing a/c systems, inventory parts and supply and any tasks that need doing.  Enjoy doing new things that have a challenge.



Linda Bolin - Office ManagerHello my name is Linda Bolin I have been an office manager since 1999, I live in Beeville and am married with one child, presently my son is going to college at A&M University CC to become a professor of chemistry.  My husband is a site manager with a major construction company. I’ve been working for Martinez A/c & Htg, Inc. since January 2012.   I have lived in Jamaica, Hawaii, Missouri, Louisiana, Florida and Texas. My dream is to visit Ireland and Colorado and to own my own campground next to a river.



Devina Martinez-Lopez - Comfort ConsultantHello, I have made it my career to follow my father's footsteps into learning the business and growing to better serve and help all of our customers the best we can. I am married to a devoted husband and we have one little girl together and one on the way. A few things I like doing on my spare time is traveling, camping, shopping, and watching movies. I have traveled to California, Arizona, Florida, Louisiana, and New Mexico, Oklahoma, Tennessee. My dream is to travel at least once to all of the states in USA. 



Vincent Lopez - ApprenticeHello my name is Vincent Lopez, I recently made a career change from the oil field to A/C and Heating! So that I may better support my wife and the family business of 38 years strong. Which helps me out as well because I can now able to spend more time with my family! I also like the idea that the locals from George West, as well as the surrounding counties will get the best quality and services out of us. After all its services after the sale that counts!







Home  |  Products  |  Services  |  Financing  |  Our Company  |  			Privacy Policy  |  Site Map  |  Glossary  |  Mobile

			We provide Heating, Cooling, Furnace & Air Conditioning Installation, Repair & Maintenance in George West, TX and the surrounding area.
			  Beeville  |  George West  |  Mathis  |  Three Rivers  |  Tilden          


Martinez Air Conditioning & Heating Inc - 
                
1008 Catholic Cemetary Rd
George West,
                    TX
78022 - 
                
                Phone: 361-449-1566 - 
                Email: info@martinezac.comCopyright © 2017 Select On Site, LLCSite design and code are property of Select On Site, LLCProduct logos and images are the property of their respective manufacturers





