

Roxanne M Martino                                                                                                        - New Buffalo                                       , MI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



New Buffalo



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Roxanne M Martino
                                    



 





















R 


Roxanne M Martino                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4135 LAKE SHORE DR UNIT T NEW BUFFALO, MI 49117
Get Directions



(269) 469-1689
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $83,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Roxanne M Martino                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Roxanne M Martino                                                                                                        is located at 4135 Lake Shore Dr Unit T in New Buffalo and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























Roxanne M. Martino appointed to Ventas, Inc. Board.
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Ms. Roxanne M. MartinoChief Executive Officer, Aurora Investment ManagementChicago, ILMartino has served as president and then CEO of Aurora since 1990. She is co-chair of the Business Council at the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business.2016 Third QuarterAdded to: Ventas Inc. - Chicago, ILVentas engages in investment, management, and financing of properties in the health care industry. Revenues are $3 billion.















 















 










Roxanne Martino, Aurora Investment Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




































Feedback





Roxanne Martino

CEO/Partner,
Aurora Investment Management LLC






Career History




Member: Fund Management Team
Aurora Horizons Fund, 2013-PRESENT


Member: Fund Management Team
Aurora Limited Partnership II, 7/2009-PRESENT


Member: Fund Management Team
Aurora Global Opportunities Offshore Fund Ltd, 8/2006-PRESENT


Member: Fund Management Team
Aurora Hedged Equity Offshore Fund Ltd, 6/2004-PRESENT


Member: Fund Management Team
Aurora Hedged Equity LP, 4/2004-PRESENT


Member:  Fund Management Team
Aurora Offshore Fund II, 7/2002-PRESENT


Member:Fund Management Team
Aurora Global Opportunities LP, 1/1994-PRESENT


CEO/Partner
Aurora Investment Management LLC, PRESENT


Member: Fund Management Team
Aurora Limited Partnership, PRESENT


Member: Fund Management Team
Aurora Offshore Fund Ltd, 4/1999-12/2011


Member:  Fund Management Team
Aurora Relative Value Offshore Fund Ltd, UNKNOWN-6/2006


Fund Manager
Harris Assoc LP, UNKNOWN-9/1995


General Partner
Grosvenor Capital Mgmt LP, 1984-1990


Senior Manager
Coopers & Lybrand LLP, 1977-1984



Aurora Investment Management LLC, 1990-UNKNOWN


President/CEO/Partner
Aurora Investment Management LLC, FORMER


Owner
Lasalle Capital Group Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.aurorallc.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1 Lincoln Centre, 18W140
Butterfield Road, Suite 1200
Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181
United States


Phone:
1-312-762-6700


Fax:
1-866-605-2191


Web url:
www.aurorallc.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Chicago
MBA, 1988


University of Notre Dame
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting, 1977








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Ventas Inc


Board Member, 6/2016-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Roxanne M Martino - New Buffalo, MI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Roxanne M Martino in New Buffalo, MI


Roxanne M Martino

                                                                                       Intelius found that Roxanne M Martino  is  a female between 60 and 60 years old from New Buffalo, MI.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Roxanne M Martino is in her 60s

Roxanne Has Lived In

New Buffalo, MI
River Grove, IL
Roselle, IL

Roxanne's Relatives

Dianna Martino
Rocco Martino
Fros Martino
Dolores Martino







Roxanne M Martino



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Corporate Underwriter at Spina Bifida Association of America



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Roxanne? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Roxanne, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Roxanne M Martino
Get a Criminal Check on Roxanne M Martino
Get a Public Record Report on Roxanne M Martino
Get a People Search Report on Roxanne M Martino


Roxanne M Martino's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Roxanne M Martino has lived as well as Roxanne M Martino's phone numbers and email addresses.




Roxanne M Martino Has Lived in 4 States
Michigan Address for Roxanne M Martino


118 L********* P* 

New Buffalo, MI


Has Lived In

New Buffalo, MI
River Grove, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Roxanne M Martino

(269) ***-**** - New Buffalo, MI 
(269) ***-**** - New Buffalo, MI 
() ***-**** - Willowbrook, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Roxanne M Martino



Get Email Report




Roxanne M Martino's Professional Information
Information regarding Roxanne M Martino's professional history.  Find out previous places Roxanne M Martino has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Roxanne M Martino Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Spina Bifida Association of America
               Title: Corporate Underwriter
Roxanne M Martino's Experience
Title: Corporate Underwriter
               Company: Spina Bifida Association of America
Job Details
               The Spina Bifida Association of Illinois (SBAIL) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 1969. SBAIL's mission is to improve the quality of life of people with Spina Bifida through direct services, information, referrals, research, and public awareness. SBAIL currently operates a variety of programs for nearly 7,000 families in Illinois.
Additional Professional Information on Roxanne M Martino

 See Roxanne M Martino's LinkedIn Profile



Roxanne M Martino's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Roxanne M Martino


Roxanne M Martino's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Roxanne M Martino's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Roxanne Martino
Username Matches

                  RoxanneMartino
                  MartinoRoxanne
                  Roxanne.Martino
                  Martino.Roxanne
                  Roxanne_Martino
                  Martino_Roxanne
                  Roxanne-Martino
                  Martino-Roxanne
                  RMartino
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Martino







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Roxanne M Martino - Binghamton, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Roxanne M Martino in Binghamton, NY


Roxanne M Martino

                                                                                       Intelius found that Roxanne M Martino  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Binghamton, NY.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 8 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Roxanne M Rathbone


Get Report Now

Age

Roxanne M Martino is in her 60s

Roxanne Has Lived In

Binghamton, NY
Endicott, NY
Vestal, NY

Roxanne's Relatives

Dennis Martino
Maria Martino
Marlene Martino
Albert Martino







Roxanne M Martino



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Roxanne? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Roxanne, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Roxanne M Martino
Get a Criminal Check on Roxanne M Martino
Get a Public Record Report on Roxanne M Martino
Get a People Search Report on Roxanne M Martino


Roxanne M Martino's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Roxanne M Martino has lived as well as Roxanne M Martino's phone numbers and email addresses.




Roxanne M Martino Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for Roxanne M Martino


52 B****** A** 

Binghamton, NY


Has Lived In

Binghamton, NY
Endicott, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Roxanne M Martino

(607) ***-**** - Endicott, NY 
(607) ***-**** - Binghamton, NY 
(607) ***-**** - Vestal, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Roxanne M Martino



Get Email Report




Roxanne M Martino's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Roxanne M Martino


Roxanne M Martino's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Roxanne M Martino's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Roxanne Martino
Username Matches

                  RoxanneMartino
                  MartinoRoxanne
                  Roxanne.Martino
                  Martino.Roxanne
                  Roxanne_Martino
                  Martino_Roxanne
                  Roxanne-Martino
                  Martino-Roxanne
                  RMartino
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Martino







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 











Ventas Elects Walter C. Rakowich And Roxanne M. Martino To Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Ventas Elects Walter C. Rakowich And Roxanne M. Martino To Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Jun 7, 2016 6:55 AM EDT













 




























































  Ventas, Inc., (NYSE: VTR) ("Ventas" or the "Company") said today that it has elected Walter C. Rakowich, retired Chief Executive Officer of Prologis, and Roxanne M. Martino, Chief Executive Officer of Aurora Investment Management, to its Board of Directors, effective immediately. Mr. Rakowich will serve on the Company's Audit and Compliance Committee and Ms. Martino will serve on its Executive Compensation Committee.  "We are delighted to add Walt Rakowich and Roxanne Martino to our Board of Directors. Their appointments underscore our commitment to excellence through strong corporate governance, Board refreshment, independence and diversity. Each is a highly respected individual with an enduring record of accomplishment, strong values and a demonstrated focus on investors," Ventas Chairman and CEO Debra A. Cafaro said.  "Walt's experience in the real estate industry globally and his deep understanding of REITs and large corporate customers, and Roxanne's entrepreneurial success and expertise in investment markets, will enhance our outstanding Board. We look forward to working with them for the benefit of Ventas shareholders, customers and employees," added Cafaro.  Mr. Rakowich served as CEO of Prologis (NYSE: PLD) from November 2008 through June 2011, when Prologis and AMB Property Corporation merged. Following the merger, he served as co-CEO of Prologis until December 31, 2012, when he retired. Before becoming CEO, Mr. Rakowich held a number of senior management positions at Prologis, including managing director and chief financial officer and president and chief operating officer. He served on the Prologis Board from January 2005 through December 2012. Prior to joining Prologis, Mr. Rakowich was a partner and principal with real estate provider Trammell Crow Company. He began his career at Price Waterhouse. He received his MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS, with distinction, from Pennsylvania State University.  Mr. Rakowich is a member of the Board of Directors of Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (NYSE: HST), where he is the company's Lead Independent Director and Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee, and Iron Mountain Inc. (NYSE: IRM), where he is Chairman of the Audit Committee. He also serves on the Board of the Global Food Exchange. He was appointed to the Board of Trustees at The Pennsylvania State University in 2014 and serves as Chairman of the University Board's Audit and Risk Committee. He is also Chairman of the Board of Colorado UpLift and a Board member of the Alliance for School Choice in Education.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Kindred Sells Skilled Nursing Facility Business for $700M
The healthcare services firm in November of last year announced its decision to exit its skilled nursing facility business as both an owner and an operator.



Armie Margaret Lee

Jul 3, 2017 8:14 PM EDT
























Don't Forget Why You Love Tech Stocks Like Amazon, Jim Cramer Explains
You may want to stay away from tech, from the crowded trades. But maybe you shouldn't give up so easily, says Jim Cramer.



Scott Rutt

Jun 16, 2017 9:52 AM EDT
























High-Dividend Ventas: A Dual Play on Real Estate and Health Care
Real estate and health care are booming; this high-dividend REIT Ventas allows you to simultaneously tap both sectors.



John Persinos

Apr 6, 2017 10:44 AM EDT
























Bullish and Bearish Reversals in the Market
Finding the stocks that have changed direction.



Guy Ortmann

Feb 27, 2017 2:33 PM EST








































 











Trending


Facebook's Q2 Results Should Make Snap CEO Evan Spiegel Wish He Had Accepted a $3B Buyout Offer


Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates? We Found 9 Products You'll Want to Check Out.


Tesla Is Having a Party for Model 3 Buyers That Could Also Ignite Its Stock


Boeing Drives Dow to New Records, S&P 500 and Nasdaq Reach Intraday Highs


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 



Ventas Elects Walter C. Rakowich and Roxanne M. Martino to Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Ventas Elects Walter C. Rakowich and Roxanne M. Martino to Board of 
      Directors






June 07, 2016 06:55 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ventas, Inc., (NYSE: VTR) (“Ventas” or the “Company”) said today that it 
      has elected Walter C. Rakowich, retired Chief Executive Officer of 
      Prologis, and Roxanne M. Martino, Chief Executive Officer of Aurora 
      Investment Management, to its Board of Directors, effective immediately. 
      Mr. Rakowich will serve on the Company’s Audit and Compliance Committee 
      and Ms. Martino will serve on its Executive Compensation Committee.
    


      “We are delighted to add Walt Rakowich and Roxanne Martino to our Board 
      of Directors. Their appointments underscore our commitment to excellence 
      through strong corporate governance, Board refreshment, independence and 
      diversity. Each is a highly respected individual with an enduring record 
      of accomplishment, strong values and a demonstrated focus on investors,” 
      Ventas Chairman and CEO Debra A. Cafaro said.
    

      “Walt’s experience in the real estate industry globally and his deep 
      understanding of REITs and large corporate customers, and Roxanne’s 
      entrepreneurial success and expertise in investment markets, will 
      enhance our outstanding Board. We look forward to working with them for 
      the benefit of Ventas shareholders, customers and employees,” added 
      Cafaro.
    

      Mr. Rakowich served as CEO of Prologis (NYSE: PLD) from November 2008 
      through June 2011, when Prologis and AMB Property Corporation merged. 
      Following the merger, he served as co-CEO of Prologis until December 31, 
      2012, when he retired. Before becoming CEO, Mr. Rakowich held a number 
      of senior management positions at Prologis, including managing director 
      and chief financial officer and president and chief operating officer. 
      He served on the Prologis Board from January 2005 through December 2012. 
      Prior to joining Prologis, Mr. Rakowich was a partner and principal with 
      real estate provider Trammell Crow Company. He began his career at Price 
      Waterhouse. He received his MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS, 
      with distinction, from Pennsylvania State University.
    

      Mr. Rakowich is a member of the Board of Directors of Host Hotels & 
      Resorts, Inc. (NYSE: HST), where he is the company’s Lead Independent 
      Director and Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee, and 
      Iron Mountain Inc. (NYSE: IRM), where he is Chairman of the Audit 
      Committee. He also serves on the Board of the Global Food Exchange. He 
      was appointed to the Board of Trustees at The Pennsylvania State 
      University in 2014 and serves as Chairman of the University Board’s 
      Audit and Risk Committee. He is also Chairman of the Board of Colorado 
      UpLift and a Board member of the Alliance for School Choice in Education.
    

      Ms. Martino has served as President and then CEO of Aurora Investment 
      Management fund-of-funds since 1990. Over nearly three decades, Ms. 
      Martino built the Chicago firm into one of the largest managers in the 
      fund-of-funds industry, managing $14 billion at Aurora's peak. In 2012 
      Aurora won Hedge Funds Review’s Best Diversified Fund of Hedge Funds 
      over 10 years. Prior to joining Aurora, Ms. Marino was a trailblazer in 
      fund-of-funds as a General Partner in Grosvenor Capital Management. She 
      began her career at Coopers & Lybrand. Ms. Martino holds an MBA in 1988 
      from the University of Chicago and graduated in 1977 with a BBA from 
      University of Notre Dame.
    

      Ms. Martino is the Co-chair of the Business Council at the University of 
      Chicago’s Booth School of Business and a member of the Boards of the 
      Lurie Children’s Hospital and The Economics Club of Chicago. She is a 
      Director of Thresholds, a not-for-profit psychiatric rehabilitation 
      organization, and serves on the Investment Subcommittee of Catholic 
      Relief Services. In 2015, Ms. Martino was an inaugural inductee into the 
      InvestHedge Hall of Fame and was recognized as one of “50 Leading Women 
      in Hedge Funds,” by the Hedge Fund Journal.
    

      Ventas, Inc., an S&P 500 company, is a leading real estate investment 
      trust. Its diverse portfolio of approximately 1,300 assets in the United 
      States, Canada and the United Kingdom consists of seniors housing 
      communities, medical office buildings, skilled nursing facilities, 
      specialty hospitals and general acute care hospitals. Through its 
      Lillibridge subsidiary, Ventas provides management, leasing, marketing, 
      facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and 
      health systems throughout the United States. More information about 
      Ventas and Lillibridge can be found at www.ventasreit.com 
      and www.lillibridge.com.
    

This press release includes forward-looking statements. All 
      statements regarding the Company’s or its tenants’, operators’, 
      borrowers’ or managers’ expected future financial condition, results of 
      operations, cash flows, funds from operations, dividends and dividend 
      plans, financing opportunities and plans, capital markets transactions, 
      business strategy, budgets, projected costs, operating metrics, capital 
      expenditures, competitive positions, acquisitions, investment 
      opportunities, dispositions, merger or acquisition integration, growth 
      opportunities, expected lease income, continued qualification as a real 
      estate investment trust (“REIT”), plans and objectives of management for 
      future operations and statements that include words such as 
      “anticipate,” “if,” “believe,” “plan,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” 
      “may,” “could,” “should,” “will” and other similar expressions are 
      forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are 
      inherently uncertain, and actual results may differ from the Company’s 
      expectations. The Company does not undertake a duty to update 
      these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on 
      which they are made.


The Company’s actual future results and trends may differ materially 
      from expectations depending on a variety of factors discussed in the 
      Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These 
      factors include without limitation: (a) the ability and willingness of 
      the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other third 
      parties to satisfy their obligations under their respective contractual 
      arrangements with the Company, including, in some cases, their 
      obligations to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company from and 
      against various claims, litigation and liabilities; (b) the ability of 
      the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to maintain the 
      financial strength and liquidity necessary to satisfy their respective 
      obligations and liabilities to third parties, including without 
      limitation obligations under their existing credit facilities and other 
      indebtedness; (c) the Company’s success in implementing its business 
      strategy and the Company’s ability to identify, underwrite, finance, 
      consummate and integrate diversifying acquisitions and investments; (d) 
      macroeconomic conditions such as a disruption of or lack of access to 
      the capital markets, changes in the debt rating on U.S. government 
      securities, default or delay in payment by the United States of its 
      obligations, and changes in the federal or state budgets resulting in 
      the reduction or nonpayment of Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement rates; 
      (e) the nature and extent of future competition, including new 
      construction in the markets in which the Company’s seniors housing 
      communities and medical office buildings (“MOBs”) are located; 
      (f) the extent of future or pending healthcare reform and regulation, 
      including cost containment measures and changes in reimbursement 
      policies, procedures and rates; (g) increases in the Company’s borrowing 
      costs as a result of changes in interest rates and other factors; (h) 
      the ability of the Company’s tenants, operators and managers, as 
      applicable, to comply with laws, rules and regulations in the operation 
      of the Company’s properties, to deliver high-quality services, to 
      attract and retain qualified personnel and to attract residents and 
      patients; (i) changes in general economic conditions or economic 
      conditions in the markets in which the Company may, from time to time, 
      compete, and the effect of those changes on the Company’s revenues, 
      earnings and funding sources; (j) the Company’s ability to pay down, 
      refinance, restructure or extend its indebtedness as it becomes due; (k) 
      the Company’s ability and willingness to maintain its qualification as a 
      REIT in light of economic, market, legal, tax and other considerations; 
      (l) final determination of the Company’s taxable net income for the year 
      ended December 31, 2015 and for the year ending December 31, 2016; (m) 
      the ability and willingness of the Company’s tenants to renew their 
      leases with the Company upon expiration of the leases, the Company’s 
      ability to reposition its properties on the same or better terms in the 
      event of nonrenewal or in the event the Company exercises its right to 
      replace an existing tenant, and obligations, including indemnification 
      obligations, the Company may incur in connection with the replacement of 
      an existing tenant; (n) risks associated with the Company’s senior 
      living operating portfolio, such as factors that can cause volatility in 
      the Company’s operating income and earnings generated by those 
      properties, including without limitation national and regional economic 
      conditions, costs of food, materials, energy, labor and services, 
      employee benefit costs, insurance costs and professional and general 
      liability claims, and the timely delivery of accurate property-level 
      financial results for those properties; (o) changes in exchange rates 
      for any foreign currency in which the Company may, from time to time, 
      conduct business; (p) year-over-year changes in the Consumer Price Index 
      or the UK Retail Price Index and the effect of those changes on the rent 
      escalators contained in the Company’s leases and the Company’s earnings; 
      (q) the Company’s ability and the ability of its tenants, operators, 
      borrowers and managers to obtain and maintain adequate property, 
      liability and other insurance from reputable, financially stable 
      providers; (r) the impact of increased operating costs and uninsured 
      professional liability claims on the Company’s liquidity, financial 
      condition and results of operations or that of the Company’s tenants, 
      operators, borrowers and managers, and the ability of the Company and 
      the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to accurately 
      estimate the magnitude of those claims; (s) risks associated with the 
      Company’s MOB portfolio and operations, including the Company’s ability 
      to successfully design, develop and manage MOBs and to retain key 
      personnel; (t) the ability of the hospitals on or near whose campuses 
      the Company’s MOBs are located and their affiliated health systems to 
      remain competitive and financially viable and to attract physicians and 
      physician groups; (u) risks associated with the Company’s investments in 
      joint ventures and unconsolidated entities, including its lack of sole 
      decision-making authority and its reliance on its joint venture 
      partners’ financial condition; (v) the impact of market or issuer events 
      on the liquidity or value of the Company’s investments in marketable 
      securities; (w) consolidation activity in the seniors housing and 
      healthcare industries resulting in a change of control of, or a 
      competitor’s investment in, one or more of the Company’s tenants, 
      operators, borrowers or managers or significant changes in the senior 
      management of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers or managers; 
      (x) the impact of litigation or any financial, accounting, legal or 
      regulatory issues that may affect the Company or its tenants, operators, 
      borrowers or managers; and (y) changes in accounting principles, or 
      their application or interpretation, and the Company’s ability to make 
      estimates and the assumptions underlying the estimates, which could have 
      an effect on the Company’s earnings.


Click 
      here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Ventas, Inc.



Contacts

      Ventas, Inc.Ryan Shannon(877) 4-VENTAS
    

















Contacts

      Ventas, Inc.Ryan Shannon(877) 4-VENTAS
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up































































 













 













 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started






























 



Fast shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, unlimited photo storage, and Kindle books.






Start your 30-day Prime Free Trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $99/year.  Cancel anytime.

                    
Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























