


Alan Masarek | CEO | Vonage Corporate





































Corporate Governance















 






Alan MasarekChief Executive Officer
Alan Masarek joined Vonage as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in November 2014.
Mr. Masarek came to Vonage from Google, Inc., where he was Director, Chrome & Apps from June 2012 until October 2014, following the acquisition of his prior company, Quickoffice, Inc.
An innovator with deep experience in mobile, SMB and Enterprise sectors, Mr. Masarek was the Co-founder of Quickoffice, Inc., one of the world's most widely recognized mobile brands, and served as its Chief Executive Officer from July 2007 until June 2012. Under his leadership, Quickoffice became the world’s most widely embedded mobile productivity software, with a top-grossing iPad app and a top 10 grossing app in the Google Play Store, engaging more than 26 million registered users at the time of Google’s purchase. Following the acquisition, Mr. Masarek became Director, Chrome & Apps for Google.
Prior to co-founding Quickoffice, Mr. Masarek was Co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of AdOutlet, Inc., a marketplace for the media industry, from April 1999 to September 2001. Previously, he was President of Advanced Health Corporation, where he led the organization from development stage through its growth into a publicly-traded services and IT company. Mr. Masarek earned his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and his B.B.A. from the University of Georgia.



 



Follow us:








© 2017 Vonage






  















Alan Masarek - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Alan Masarek
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Vonage Holdings Corp.


View Full Profile
Are you Alan Masarek? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Alan Masarek's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Alan Masarek's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Alan Masarek's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Alan Masarek through your network of contacts.
												








Alan Masarek's Executive Work History


Current


Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, 
Vonage Holdings Corp.


Past
To view Alan Masarek's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Alan Masarek's Biography



Alan Masarek, age 56, has been our Chief Executive Officer and a director since November 2014. Mr. Masarek joined Vonage from Google, Inc., where he was Director, Chrome & Apps. Prior to joining Google in 2012, Mr. Masarek was the Co-Founder of Quickoffice, Inc. and served as Chief Executive Officer from July 2007 until June 2012, when Quickoffice was acquired by Google. Mr. Masarek also served as Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AdOutlet, Inc. from April 1999 to September 2001. Previously, he held senior leadership roles, including President, at Advanced Health Corp. from September 1995 to March 1999. Mr. Masarek is a grad ...
(Read More)

			Alan Masarek, age 56, has been our Chief Executive Officer and a director since November 2014. Mr. Masarek joined Vonage from Google, Inc., where he was Director, Chrome & Apps. Prior to joining Google in 2012, Mr. Masarek was the Co-Founder of Quickoffice, Inc. and served as Chief Executive Officer from July 2007 until June 2012, when Quickoffice was acquired by Google. Mr. Masarek also served as Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AdOutlet, Inc. from April 1999 to September 2001. Previously, he held senior leadership roles, including President, at Advanced Health Corp. from September 1995 to March 1999. Mr. Masarek is a graduate of the University of Georgia and Harvard Business School.
Mr. Masarek brings to our board of directors extensive business leadership, with more than 20 years of C-level experience at technology-centric companies that span corporate, venture and entrepreneurial settings. He brings to the board strong leadership qualities, corporate development experience, deep experience in technological innovation, and a proven ability to develop breakthrough products and services that drive profitable growth.
		
Source: Vonage Holdings Corp. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Alan Masarek's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Alan Masarek. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Alan Masarek's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Alan Masarek's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Alan Masarek through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Alan Masarek


















Alan Masarek's Connections (27)





Sign up now to view Alan Masarek's 27 connections »









John J. Roberts
Board Member, Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust









Carolyn F. Katz
Board Member, Vonage Holdings Corp.









Carl Sparks
Board Member, Vonage Holdings Corp.









Kurt M. Rogers
Former Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, Vonage Holdings Corp.









David T. Pearson
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Vonage Holdings Corp.









Margaret M. Smyth
Former Board Member, Etsy, Inc.









Stephen Fisher
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, eBay Inc.









Joseph M. Redling
Chief Operating Officer, Vonage Holdings Corp.









Michael A. Krupka
Former Board Member, Vonage Holdings Corp.









Morton David
Former Board Member, Vonage Holdings Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 








Google I/O 2014 - Distributing your product: Alan Masarek - YouTube 


 
  





















































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Google I/O 2014 - Distributing your product: Alan Masarek
  



 










Google Developers














Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Google Developers?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe1.1M 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

860 views







6

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



7


0

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    



Published on Jul 11, 2014Distribution begins with distilling your startup's message. Former Quick Office CEO and Google Partnerships Director Alan Masarek. This video was recorded at Google I/O 2014. Watch other YouTube Distribute interviews at http://goo.gl/ktua4m, and I/O sessions at g.co/io14videos. 



      Category
    

Science & Technology




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    How to Sell Products to Stores - Top Ten Tips on How to Sell Products to Stores!
  

     - Duration: 10:42.
  
productforprofit
43,704 views



10:42














    Google I/O 2014 - Spread your app like Wildfire: Victoria Ransom
  

     - Duration: 22:27.
  
Google Developers
768 views



22:27





    Google I/O 2009 - The Myth of the Genius Programmer
  

     - Duration: 55:17.
  
Google Developers
845,201 views



55:17





    How to Sell a Product Online (Before You Create It)
  

     - Duration: 6:23.
  
Lewis Howes
219,115 views



6:23





    Surprising Facts About Google
  

     - Duration: 7:22.
  
Thoughty2
667,849 views



7:22





    Google I/O 2014 - How to grow a global user base: Derek Anderson
  

     - Duration: 27:57.
  
Google Developers
509 views



27:57





    Google I/O 2014 - How Homejoy swept the competition: Adora Cheung
  

     - Duration: 30:19.
  
Google Developers
2,755 views



30:19





    How To Find Wholesale Suppliers & Manufacturers To Private Label A Product And Sell On Amazon
  

     - Duration: 20:23.
  
Project Life Mastery
156,340 views



20:23





    Top 10 Facts - Google
  

     - Duration: 7:08.
  
LEMMiNO
2,509,712 views



7:08





    Google I/O 2014 - Perfectly executing the wrong plan
  

     - Duration: 47:51.
  
Google Developers
49,612 views



47:51





    Message Map: How To Pitch Anything In 15 Seconds | Forbes
  

     - Duration: 4:35.
  
Forbes
542,396 views



4:35





    Google interns' first week
  

     - Duration: 5:51.
  
Google
6,833,160 views



5:51





    How To Build A Product People Love with Phil Libin
  

     - Duration: 1:01:17.
  
Founder Institute
1,390 views



1:01:17





    Launching A Product - Product Distribution Explanation through Small Brand Nation Billy Carmen
  

     - Duration: 12:20.
  
Billy Carmen
4,515 views



12:20





    How to Sell to Wal-Mart (A Quick Tip!)
  

     - Duration: 2:53.
  
productforprofit
16,824 views



2:53





    Google I/O 2012 - SQL vs NoSQL: Battle of the Backends
  

     - Duration: 43:08.
  
Google Developers
328,676 views



43:08





    Google I/O 2014 - How Tinder caught fire & how your app can too: Sean Rad
  

     - Duration: 35:40.
  
Google Developers
6,729 views



35:40





    What are distribution channels?
  

     - Duration: 6:06.
  
LearnLoads
74,454 views



6:06





    Product Distribution: How to get your product distributed
  

     - Duration: 1:47.
  
Steven Ellenwood
8,141 views



1:47





    Google I/O 2014 - How to distribute on Chrome Web Store
  

     - Duration: 22:36.
  
Google Developers
787 views



22:36




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 




CEO Spotlight with Vonage's Alan Masarek



















Subscribe
Features
Columns
Departments
Resources

» Awards
» Past Issues
» Media Kit
» VoIP Newsletter
» Editorial Calendar
» Editorial Guidelines
» Rate Card
» Contact Us
» Buyer's Guide
» Reprints
» List Rental
» TMC Homepage



















CEO Spotlight
CEO Spotlight with Vonage's Alan Masarek
By Erik Linask, Group Editorial Director  |  September 16, 2015


Share

Tweet












Vonage (News  - Alert) is now executing upon what the company’s CEO Alan Masarek calls a historic business transformation – from a residential landline replacement for traditional telecoms serving consumers only to a software-as-a-service company for businesses and consumers. INTERNET TELEPHONY recently interviewed Masarek to find out more.
Tell us more about Vonage’s transformation and the thinking behind it.

Alan Masarek 

Masarek: We are extending the Vonage brand and our legacy as a VoIP pioneer into the rapidly growing Unified Communications (News - Alert)-as-a-Service (UCaaS) market for businesses. This transformation is fueled by the substantial and predictable cash flow of the consumer business, which drives our strong balance sheet and low cost of capital; low operating costs driven by the scale of our consumer business; the strategic flexibility provided by our support of two technology platforms for our core call processing infrastructure; and an accomplished senior leadership team capable of driving this transformation, along with talented and committed employees that share a sense of excitement and urgency around the delivery of new products, features, and customer experience enhancements.
What has been your role in creating this new path for Vonage?
Masarek: Shortly after I joined Vonage, I outlined this new direction for the company that included maximizing the profitability of the consumer business while aggressively growing organic revenues and pursuing inorganic growth for Vonage Business. I am focused on establishing Vonage as a leading business services brand; reinvigorating the company’s culture by returning it to its innovative and disruptive roots; and investing in our people so that Vonage becomes an employer of choice. I’m pleased to say we are making excellent progress on all of those objectives.
What are some of Vonage’s recent successes and its building blocks for the future?
Masarek: In late 2013, we purchased Vocalocity (rebranded Vonage Business Solutions) to enter the UCaaS SMB market, an industry that Frost & Sullivan predicts will grow 27 percent annually for the next five years to $10 billion. In 2014, VBS’ revenue growth accelerated to 50 percent, nearly double the annual growth rate of other public pure-play UCaaS providers. Underpinning our success is Vonage’s ability to leverage the iconic Vonage brand and low cost structure while utilizing our strong balance sheet to invest in growth.
With this acquisition playbook established, we completed the acquisition of Telesphere (News - Alert) Networks in 2014 and SimpleSignal in 2015. These three companies, now collectively known as Vonage Business, give us a comprehensive and compelling range of cloud-based solutions to address the needs of a wide range of enterprises. Further still, this strategic shift is quickly repositioning Vonage to a SaaS (News  - Alert) model from its legacy roots as a telecom provider.
We also acquired gUnify, a SaaS integration company whose technology connects our communications platform with the most widely used SaaS business applications, including Salesforce for CRM and Google for Work for productivity. This type of service is in high demand by businesses who want to move to the cloud because, until recently, it could only be obtained through traditional, much more expensive, on-premises PBX (News - Alert) systems. gUnify’s cloud solution enables us to provide functionality comparable with traditional on-premises offerings.
What has made this combination of acquisitions successful?
Masarek: Our success is driven by strong demand for cloud-based communications, and Vonage’s ability to serve all segments of the business market. We have the right platforms and product set to serve single-person companies to those with thousands of employees spread over multiple locations.
While we are growing quickly in the mid-market and with larger companies within the SMB segment, we continue to see excellent growth potential with smaller businesses. It’s important to highlight that 90 percent of all employer companies in the U.S. have fewer than 20 employees, and this segment is rapidly embracing the cloud.
We are also very successful in serving business customers at the mid to upper ends of the market. These customers generally require quality of service, or QoS, service level agreements, and enterprise-grade feature sets matching those traditionally provided by on-premises PBX vendors.
What trends do you expect will have the most significant impact on Vonage Business’ growth going forward?
Masarek: One of the biggest changes in communications over the next few years will be the explosion of cloud communications adoption, which we are only seeing the beginning of today. Everyone has heard that large carriers are moving forward with their plans to sunset their copper wire infrastructures, and these and other changes will continue to drive continued adoption within the business sector.
Accordingly, this mass shift to hosted telephony solutions will continue to redefine the way people are able to communicate every day. Business communications running on software hosted in the cloud means that any data-enabled device across the Internet of Things has the potential to become a new telephony endpoint. Today, we are seeing a lot of buzz around things like wearable communication devices but, tomorrow, that attention could shift to something like smart TVs or connected cars.
Also, as the lines between an individual’s personal and business identities continue to blur, thanks, in large part, to the continuing BYOD trend, communications companies like Vonage will need to develop new user experiences that enable users to seamlessly transition between their different use cases. During the course of any given day, more and more people will need to switch easily between their personal and business identities across all of their devices.
Is cloud the answer to addressing all these needs?
Masarek: Communications flowing through the cloud will help companies of all sizes to realize the benefits of unified communications. Because solutions can be tied together easily and offered at a fraction of the cost of traditional telephony, even a sole proprietor working from home will be able to capitalize on the value that a unified communications solution provides.
Over the next few years, more technologies will emerge that remove the need to build individual networks or communities to communicate through a company’s telephony solution of choice. We’ll see technologies that allow anytime communications that are platform- and device- agnostic and can occur to and from any device, not just app-to-app or platform-to-platform.
Also, we’ll see more solutions that offer text and group messaging to any number in your business or personal directory and that will continue to expand across the complete range of communication endpoints. You won’t need to be concerned about whether the person you are trying to reach is using the same app or the same operating system.
Where does mobility fit in?
Masarek: The trends that will have significant impact are mobility, increased competition, and the need to boost productivity while maintaining costs. The workforce is becoming more mobile and employees need the flexibility to work from anywhere on devices that can do more. The office is not necessarily a physical office anymore, and unnecessary downtime away from the office can result in lost revenues if the business is not optimized for a mobile workforce. 
With new competition and disruptive models hitting businesses from different angles, it can sometimes be hard to compete, especially for smaller businesses. But, with cloud technologies, a business can quickly scale, remain flexible, and compete more effectively with existing competitors and unexpected challengers. And, businesses are always looking to improve productivity without increasing head count. This dovetails with my point about being mobile. The cloud allows employees to be productive from anywhere.
How do all these factors come together to create a differentiated service offering?
Masarek: Vonage’s business solutions provide support for virtually any endpoint that a business may need to address. For example, a very small business may operate out of someone’s home and only require mobile and desktop support, while a large enterprise with hundreds of employees spread across many different locations may need support from everything from desk phones to tablets to video presence and collaboration tools, along with business application integration. Vonage has the ability to unify communications across all of these endpoints. This enables users to leverage their business telephony functionality from any device and integrate their communications with their everyday workflow programs, like those for CRM or productivity
In addition, Vonage has the unique ability to deliver our cloud communications solutions through whatever type of connectivity best suits the needs of the customer. Our portfolio of business products can serve single-person companies to those with thousands of employees spread over multiple locations. Vonage provides bring-your-own-broadband (BYOB) cloud products and those that offer carrier-grade reliability and Quality of Service (QoS) across BYOB service options and its private, national MPLS network. This ensures companies have the complete range of options for telephony and broadband connectivity, enabling them to deploy solutions that meet their business needs today and into the future.    
Vonage also offers user-friendly management tools that allow customers to monitor their communications services and quickly and easily make changes from their PCs, smartphones, or tablets. Our proprietary provisioning platform, Zeus, allows partners to make changes for customers from any device.
In short, Vonage offers a great brand, a financially stable company, and the history and longevity of being a pioneer and expert in Internet communications, with a track record for quality, reliability and great service. Building upon this foundation, we have quickly become a leading provider of cloud communications solutions for business. 



Edited by Dominick Sorrentino







Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus




» Recent Table of Contents





INTERNET TELEPHONY Newsletter
Sign up for our free weekly Internet Telephony Newsletter!
Get the latest expert news, reviews & resources. Tailored specifically for VoIP and IP Communications.
Subscribe Now!


Strategic Solutions Series Supplement on Hosted VoIP
A Look at the Hosted VoIP Market
Unified Communications as a Service
GO!VBX Sets New Pricing Model for Hosted PBX Services and Now includes Unified Communications
Enabling Businesses to Adopt Affordable, Whole Enterprise IP Communications












Latest From INTERNET TELEPHONY



				Better, Faster, Simpler: Dash Helps Organizations Be More Efficient
			



				Why Hasn't UCaaS Taken Off?
			



				The Continued Evolution of the Contact Center
			



				How Unified Communications Is Connecting With the IoT
			



				Team Collaboration: Why Everybody Is Rushing to Pick Up the Slack
			



				Key Business Communications Trends & Players
			













            Technology Marketing Corporation,
            
            35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA
            
            Ph: 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 
            Fx: 203-853-2845
            
Contact us

            Technology Marketing Corp. © 2017 Copyright.
            


IT Mag Content
Home
Subscribe
Features
Columns
Departments


IT Mag Resources
Past Issues
Media Kit
VoIP Newsletter
Editorial Calendar
Editorial Guidelines
Rate Card
Buyer's Guide
Contact Us


Reprints


                The YGS Group
                800-501-9571 x105            
            
tmcnet@theygsgroup.com
www.theYGSgroup.com

                Contact: Mike Shober            
            


List Rental


                L.I.S.T. Incorporated
Jill Olsen, Vice President Client Services
                (914) 765-0700 x105
                Fax (914) 765-0046
			
www.l-i-s-t.com
www.definitivedatabase.com
























Vonage Holdings' (VG) CEO Alan Masarek on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Vonage Holdings' (VG) CEO Alan Masarek on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptFeb.14.17 | About: Vonage Holdings (VG) Vonage Holdings Corp. (VG) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call February 14, 2017  8:30 AM ET
Executives
Hunter Blankenbaker - VP, IR
Alan Masarek - CEO
Dave Pearson - CFO
Joe Redling - COO
Tony Jamous - President of Nexmo
Analysts
George Sutton - Craig-Hallum
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC
Catharine Trebnick - Dougherty & Company LLC
Dmitry Netis - William Blair
Gregory Burns - Sidoti & Company
Tim Horan - Oppenheimer & Co.
William Power - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Adam Ilkowitz - Citi
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vonage Holdings' Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to hand the floor over to Hunter Blankenbaker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Hunter Blankenbaker
Okay, great. Thanks, Karen. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter and year end 2016 earnings conference call. Speaking on our call this morning will be Alan Masarek, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Pearson, CFO. Also joining us are Joe Redling, our Chief Operating Officer and Tony Jamous, President of Nexmo.
Alan will discuss our strategy, full-year, and fourth quarter results, and Dave will provide a more detailed view on our full-year and fourth quarter financial results as well as our 2017 guidance. Slides that accompany today’s discussion are available on the IR Web site. At the conclusion of our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
As referenced on Slide 2, I would like to remind everyone that statements made during this call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s expectations, depends on assumptions that may be incorrect or imprecise, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. More information about those risks and uncertainties is highlighted on the second page of the slides and contained in our SEC filings. We caution listeners not to rely unduly on these statements, and disclaim any intent or obligation to update them.
During this call, we will be making -- we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP is available in the fourth quarter earnings press release or the fourth quarter earnings slides posted to the IR Web site.
With that, I will turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Masarek
Thanks, Hunter. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. 2016 was a pivotal year for Vonage. We’ve established the foundation for long-term growth and leadership in cloud communications.
Three key strengths that’s driven our success. First, our ability to leverage corporate assets from our consumer segment including our highly aware brand, strong cash flows and the scale of the Vonage voice network. These assets have propelled our transformation.
Second, our ability to acquire great companies at attractive prices and grow them organically. And third, our ability to create a unique value proposition to drive better outcomes for our business customers.
We are going to use slides today to accompany our remarks. So please let's move to Slide 3 to discuss 2016 highlights. Our team continues to deliver strong operational and financial results. We grew consolidated revenues to $956 million, a 7% increase in our third consecutive year of topline growth.
For Vonage business, revenues increased 72% year-over-year. Adjusted OIBDA was $160 million, an 11% increase. We completed the acquisition of Nexmo, which continues to grow rapidly achieving 46% pro forma year-over-year annual revenue growth. Even more important than a strong revenue growth, Nexmo expands our capabilities by combining UCaaS and CPaaS into an integrated solution, which gives Vonage the right set of assets necessary to win in cloud communications.

In addition to our product investments, we also used our strong cash flows to invest further in our growth, including significant investments in our sales infrastructure. We also strengthened our Board with the addition of two new Directors with substantial B2B experience. Gary Steele, CEO of Proofpoint and Hamid Akhavan, the former CEO of Unify and former CEO of T-Mobile.
Lastly, as was press released this morning, we are partnering with Amazon Web Services to combine our UCaaS products with Amazon's new collaboration suite named Amazon Chime to provide unmatched productivity to business use. I will provide more on the Amazon deal in a moment. But let's first move to Slide 4 to discuss our most important strategic initiative, which is the continued build out of our product offerings to enhance our customer value proposition and to drive growth.
With the acquisition of Nexmo, now known as The Vonage API platform, customers can choose between two service delivery options for their communication needs. They can buy Vonage as a UCaaS subscription or they can access our Vonage API platform and consume our cloud communication services as programmable modules delivered via software APIs.
When combined with our ability to tie into other cloud-based workplace tools like CRM and productivity, Vonage integrates the entire business communications value chain. From employee communications that maximize productivity to the direct engagement with customers that CPaaS provide. When combined with MPLS network as well as voice services over customers own broadband networks via our SmartWAN solutions.
We create a truly differentiated offering that strengthens relationships with our customers. As I reflect back on the year, I'm proud of our teams accomplishments. We’ve assembled the most comprehensive product offering in the cloud communications market and we continue to build a team capable of executing on our enormous opportunity.
Now let's move to Slide 5, to discuss Vonage business. This year we significantly built out sales infrastructure and distribution channels. We ended 2016 with field sales offices in 12 markets. We expect to open nine more cities in 2017, bringing our total to 21 markets. We recently hired Kenny Wyatt, formerly President of Business Solutions with CenturyLink as our Chief Revenue Officer.
Kenny brings a wealth of experience in enterprise communications, sales, and operations, and will benefit from Kenny's deep, omni-channel sales experience for customer segments ranging from SMB to larger enterprise.
Vonage business had a strong quarter of revenue growth. We delivered Q4 revenues of $111 million, a 56% year-over-year increase. Vonage business accounted for 45% of consolidated revenues in the quarter and we expect business revenues to overtake consumer revenues this year.
Now let’s move to Slide 6, let me highlight several fourth quarter accomplishments within our UCaaS family of products. First, as I mentioned, we entered into a strategic partnership with Amazon Web Services that was announced via AWS press release this morning. AWS launched Amazon Chime, their web conferencing and collaboration suite that provides audio conferencing, video collaboration services.
Vonage is AWS's UCaaS launch partner for Amazon Chime. Our partnership with AWS is industry shaping, because the integration of our UCaaS solutions with Amazon's collaboration tools brings unmatched productivity to business users. We believe AWS chose us as its UCaaS partner, because our leadership in cloud voice communications matches well with Amazon's leadership in cloud services. The bundled Vonage plus Amazon Chime product offerings will be available late in Q2. Vonage will sell the bundle offering through our sales channels and Amazon will sell the bundle through its web assets.

Moving to Slide 7, our enterprise sales team won PartyCity, the world's largest supplier of decorated party goods. PartyCity selected us for their 3,500 users across 900 locations replacing their incumbent cloud provider because of our ability to unify all their stores on one hosted cloud platform, guaranteeing QoS with Vonage's SmartWAN solution over broadband as well as our MPLS network.
Our channel sales team have secured a new contract with Telarus, one of the largest master agents in the U.S., in which Vonage was selected as the supplier of UCaaS services to one of the largest public property-casualty insurance companies in the U.S.
And finally, we continue to see good growth from existing customers, one of the best examples is WeWork, which added more than 1,000 seats in Q4 bringing the total to 9,000 seats across the U.S., Canada, Germany, and the U.K.
Now let's turn to Nexmo, The Vonage API platform on Slide 8 where the team also delivered strong results. In Q4, Vonage API platform revenues were $27 million, a 43% year-over-year increase. We continue to build on the momentum of our merger with Nexmo and our combined teams are delivering across three key initiatives. First, we expanded our portfolio of voice API with substantial increases in functionality.
Second, we significantly increased our distribution footprint by aggressively entering the U.S market, leveraging the strength of the Vonage sales force and voice network advantages, revenue from US-based customers increased 24% sequentially in the quarter.
Third, we meaningfully increased the brand awareness of the Vonage API platform. In fact, by increasing investments in digital marketing and developer relations and by leveraging the strength of the Vonage brand, we significantly increased our number of registered developers to 207,000.
We’ve also seen excellent growth from existing Nexmo customers. Notable among these, Nexmo has had a relationship with Amazon Web Services that predates our Amazon Chime deal. For AWS Nexmo enables the delivery of SMS messages as part of AWS's simple notification service. In Q4, messages delivered on behalf of AWS increased 73% sequentially.
Regarding VAPI, which is our Voice API, we’re seeing strong traction and the sales pipeline in the U.S is much higher than any other markets, because of our marketing efforts and lead sharing between salesforces. We also delivered more VAPI functionality during the quarter by adding direct support for Web sites. In Q4, IBM Watson used WebSocket support in our voice API and delivered voice-enabled experiences through their Watson Artificial intelligence applications.
Finally, on Slide 9. You can see how our strategy comes together by integrating the entire business communications value chain. We integrate customer facing communications via CPaaS and to employee communications via UCaaS into the other cloud-based workplace tools such as CRM productivity.
We are seeing early success from customers who are choosing Vonage, because we offer both CPaaS and UCaaS solutions. For example, Electronic Restoration Services selected Vonage for their 250 seats UCaaS deployment and they’re also using our SMS APIs to enable contextual communications with their customers to improve customer engagement.
We've also added CPaaS solutions to an existing 1,000 seats UCaaS customer, which has resulted in improved workforce management. I cite these examples, because combining our UCaaS and CPaaS solutions has meaningfully improved our customer conversations in ways our competitors will struggle to match.
Lastly, let me review our results in our consumer segment, where we continue to execute well. Revenue was a $136 million, a 14% decline and in line with our expectations. We ended the quarter with 1.7 million subscribers, 78% of which are tenured, meaning they’ve been with us for more than two years. For the full-year of 2016, churn was 2.2%, which is in historic low.

These results continue to highlight the consumer segment cash flow generating ability, while the segment concurrently delivers us massive voice scale which enables direct peering with major carriers. These peering relationships give us quality and cost advantages over the competition that translate into our UCaaS and CPaaS product lines, particularly for our rollout of our voice API in the U.S.
To summarize, we had a very strong 2016 and we’re well positioned for 2017. Our sales infrastructure, solutions set and brand building we accomplished last year, serve as the base in a multiyear growth opportunity, and we expect 2017 financial performance to reflect our focus on strong service revenue growth in Vonage business and continue harvesting of cash flow from consumer.
I am truly excited about our vision and the assets we've assembled to fulfill it. In just three years we built the largest revenue base in cloud communications as compared to our pure play competitors and I believe the most strategic product offering by integrating our UCaaS and CPaaS solutions. While we’ve accomplished much, there is more to do to realize our full potential. And it's incredibly energizing to think about all the opportunity that remains in front of us.
Thanks again for your support. Now, I will turn the call to Dave for more detail on our financial results and 2017 guidance.
Dave Pearson
Thanks, Alan and good morning everyone. 2016 was the year in which we achieved our financial goals of producing record revenue strong cash flow, while funding organic growth and strategic acquisitions.
Before we review the results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2016, I’d like to discuss the additional information we will be reporting starting today both for the year 2016 and going forward.
As noted on Page 10, consistent with Vonage's continued transformation into a leader in business cloud communications, we’re providing more visibility into financial trends in the business and consumer segments. For each of consumer and business, which represents our UCaaS and CPaaS product offerings we will report both revenue and cost of service, each broken down by type. We believe this additional information in conjunction with our other KPIs will provide greater transparency into our progress and insights into our execution in each segment.
As in the past, I would also like to note that the quarterly growth rates reflected in our presentation slides during our prepared remarks are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as sequential.
With that, let's begin on Slide 11. Consolidated revenue for the fourth quarter was $247 million, up $17 million or 7% due to organic business growth and the addition of Nexmo. For the full-year, consolidated revenue was $956 million, also up 7%. The increase was due to substantially higher business revenue, partially offset by planned reductions in consumer revenue.
Moving to Slide 12. Let me now turn to our segment financial results for the fourth quarter starting with Vonage business, which consist of our UCaaS and CPaaS products. Segment results can be found in table 2 of our press release. We're now providing the following business revenue and direct cost metrics. Service, product, which consists of customer premise equipment, broadband access and MPLS, professional services and shipping and handling and contributions to the Universal Service Fund or USF which are a pass through.
Vonage business total revenue was $111 million, a 56% increase. Of this, $84 million was UCaaS, which grew 18% organically and $27 million was CPaaS, which grew 43% organically or pro forma. UCaaS revenue in the quarter was impacted by several one-timers, including SLA credits and bad debt write-offs.
4Q is a seasonally high quarter for CPaaS and certain corporate customers are on special holiday campaigns. Service revenue, which includes all UCaaS and CPaaS revenue grew 69% to $92 million. Service margin during the fourth quarter was 58%, down from 73%. This decline in service margin is due entirely to the acquisition of Nexmo as The API product currently has lower gross margins.

For the full-year, Vonage business revenue was $376 million, a 72% increase. Service revenue was $302 million, up 77% reflecting significant organic growth in UCaaS and the June 6 acquisition and subsequent organic growth of Nexmo. Fourth quarter average UCaaS revenue per seat was $44.65, flat from $44.79 a year-ago.
Revenue churn was 1.4%, flat sequentially and up from 1.1% in the year ago quarter. Vonage business grew total seats to 638,000, up 18% reflecting strong organic growth. As Alan noted, CPaaS registered developers increased dramatically in 4Q to 207,000.
Moving to Slide 13, we’re now providing the following consumer revenue and direct cost metrics. Service, product, which consists primarily of VOIP routers provided to new customers and USF. Total consumer revenue for the fourth quarter was $136 million, down 14%. For the full-year, total consumer revenue was $579 million, also down 14% both consistent with our expectations.
Consumer service margin for the fourth quarter and the year 2016 was 81%, reflecting our ability to hold margins relatively stable despite a declining topline. Consumer customer churn for the fourth quarter was 2.2% consistent with the prior and year-ago quarters. We expect churn to continue to fluctuate based on seasonal and competitive factors, but to stay in this general range. Consumer average revenue per line in 4Q is $26.11, down from $26.93 year-over-year due to lower USF, which is a pass-through.
Turning to Slide 14, let me now build up to adjusted OIBDA. Consolidated sales and marketing expense for the fourth quarter was $84 million, down $6 million. This decline reflects the continued shift to more efficient media channels and from marketing to sales.
For the full-year, sales and marketing was down $17 million, reflecting much more efficient media spend, partially offset by significant investments in salesforce headcount across all sales channels.
General and administrative expense for the fourth quarter were $34 million, up $4 million. Full-year G&A was $123 million, up $14 million. This increase reflects the addition of Nexmo and in the case of the full-year Nexmo acquisition related costs.
Fourth quarter adjusted OIBDA was $37 million, up $3 million. Full-year adjusted OIBDA was $160 million, up 11%. Adjusted net income for the quarter was $7 million, or $0.03 per share, down $1 million. Full-year adjusted net income was $45 million or $0.21 per share, up 15% from $39 million or $0.18 per share in the prior year.
The adjusted net income metric removes non-cash items such as amortization of intangibles from acquired companies and acquisition related items. We also recorded an adjustment to income taxes related to these exclusions.
Turning ahead to Slide 16, CapEx for the quarter was $9 million. For the year, CapEx was $38 million, net of reimbursable headquarters improvements up from $34 million. This year we advanced or completed several important capital projects including consolidating down to four key U.S data centers, including our central data center at our New Jersey headquarters and building certain field sales offices as well as deploying success based capital into Broadworks licenses and CPE.
Free cash flow which we define as net cash provided by operating activities minus capital expenditures and acquisition and development of software assets was $13 million in the fourth quarter, down from $32 million due to a $15 million prepayment to acquire a long-term hosting capacity at advantageous pricing and other working capital uses. Free cash flow for the year was $49 million, down from $96 million reflecting the previously mentioned prepayment and other working capital uses.
Adjusted OIBDA minus CapEx was $28 million in the fourth quarter, up $8 million or 42% and $122 million for 2016, up $13 million or 12%. In 2016, we returned $33 million to shareholders through our buyback program repurchasing 7.4 million shares at the highly accretive average price of $4.43 per share. This represents one-third of our four year $100 million authorization, which we're halfway through after two years of execution.

Since beginning the repurchase of stock in August 2012, we’ve bought back 56 million shares of Vonage stock for $181 million, the highly accretive average price of $3.26. our buyback has provided strong returns for shareholders and it continues to be one of the components of our capital allocation plan to be deployed at management's discretion.
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31 were $32 million. The data center capacity and other cash prepayments totaling over $17 million sit on the balance sheet as prepaid expenses until the service is utilized. In addition, we made a $1 million phone sale associated with a pending enterprise customer contract which sits in deferred revenue and will be recognized as revenue in the future.
Taking all of these items into account, net debt was $294 million and we ended the quarter with net debt to trailing adjusted OIBDA of 1.8x. The $450 million credit facility we put in place in the middle of 2016 continue to provide significant committed borrowing capacity.
Moving on to guidance on Slide 17, our expectations for the full-year 2017 are as follows: consolidated revenue is expected to be in the range of $970 million to $985 million. As we discussed throughout 2016 as an objective, we expect that business revenue will exceed consumer revenue in 2017.
The business we expect total Vonage business revenue, which includes both UCaaS and CPaaS to be in the range of $487 million to $493 million for GAAP revenue growth in the 30% area. This takes into account our plan to deploy access more selectively in 2017, meaning that service revenue will grow a bit faster in total revenues.
To give some commentary on timing of business revenue development, revenue will ramp throughout the year with Q1 representing the smallest sequential dollar increase of the year in part due to the seasonally high fourth quarter in CPaaS. We expect a sequential dollar growth to ramp throughout the year. CPaaS this is driven by our awareness efforts, cross-selling, and VAPI adoption and in UCaaS by the opening of new markets and increasing salesforce productivity.
Consumer revenue is expected to contribute between $483 million and $492 million as we continue to focus on optimizing this segment profitability and cash flow. The actual dollar decline in consumer will be less than in 2016. Using some simplified cost allocation assumptions, we currently expect consumer to print over $600 million of after-tax free cash flow, that’s cash flow minus CapEx minus taxes through 2021.
Regarding cash flow we expect to deliver at least $165 million of adjusted OIBDA in 2017. As with revenue, adjusted OIBDA will scale through the year. This is due to investments we expect to make in the first half to build out our business salesforce and CPaaS awareness. We expect CapEx to be in line with 2016 at approximately $40 million.
Combining the components of guidance I just discussed, we expect to generate at least $125 million of operating free cash flow, or adjusted OIBDA minus CapEx in 2017. This cash flow generation is a strategic and financial differentiator for Vonage. The strong free cash, low leverage, and our low cost revolving credit facility continue to have meaningful financial flexibility. This was evidenced by our ability to strike quickly to acquire Nexmo with a compelling deal structure that was 80%.
Thank you for your continued support to Vonage. I'll now turn the call back over to Hunter, to initiate the Q&A session.
Hunter Blankenbaker
Okay, great. Thank you, Dave. Karen, let's please turn it over to the Q&A session.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from the line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum.

George Sutton
Thank you. And Dave, I appreciate the additional disclosures. So, Alan, you -- for the first time at least that I’ve heard you say this, you’re starting to talk about UCaaS and CPaaS as sort of an either/or model and some of the discussions you’re having with customers are driven by that. Can you go into a little more detail on that? In another words, are you literally coming and saying we got this or this and we can be very flexible in terms of how we set you up? Is that effectively what you're saying?
Alan Masarek
George, no its not. It's actually not an either/or. What I was trying to say that they are very complementary, and so when you go into a customer, they generally require both. All customers are communicating to their customers, of course, and also looking to bring their employee based communications to the cloud, their PBX system to the cloud. So what we’re finding is it's just changing the customer conversation. So there is an opportunity to syllable. That was really the rationale for when we bought Nexmo was that you saw this convergence between the need to link external customer facing communications with the internal employee based communications. So it's really not an either/or, it's both, but you can get the lead from one or the other, of course.
George Sutton
Got you. Okay. I just want to make sure I understood that. And then, as my follow-up I will migrate over to Amazon and just give us a better sense in terms of being a launch partner, what sort of resource dedication do you have to them? What sort of resource dedication did they have to you? My assumption is you will be reselling their services, I don't believe they will be reselling your services, but I just want to be clear about that.
Alan Masarek
It’s a shared deal. They'll be reselling the bundle, they will be, excuse me, selling the bundle through their web assets, while we will be selling the bundle as well through all of our channels. So it really is one plus one equals three proposition.
George Sutton
Perfect. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera from Needham & Company.
Richard Valera
Thank you. I just wonder if you could give a little more color on the growth expectations for the respective parts of the business segment, particularly Nexmo and UCaaS, and maybe relate them to the fourth quarter growth rates? I think they were 43% and 18% respectively, but how do we expect those to trend into '17?
Dave Pearson
Hi, Rich. Its Dave. So, first of all, we’re thinking about this, we’re in a very dynamic and competitive market and we're thinking about increasingly CPaaS and UCaaS as one business across which we’re dynamically able to allocate capital. That being said, as we sit here today, CPaaS looks like a mid 30% organic grower and UCaaS looks like a mid teen percent organic grower. On UCaaS service revenue will actually grow a bit faster, mid to high teens. As I mentioned in my script, it will be a bit less access and a bit less product and service which is MMR is what we’re focused on.
Richard Valera
I know you mentioned Dave, that you were going to deploy access more selectively in '17. Why is that?
Dave Pearson
Sure. Yes, it's not about withholding it in any way. It's really about the fact that the salesforce now has Essentials and Premier as kind of both products, the pure over the top products and the fully integrated QoS product in their sales bag across the sales channels. And so where it fits for a customer and they don't need QoS, we’ve got the ability to sell them Essentials, we’ve also in some cases have the ability to sell the Premier product over the top or without QoS. So it's simply making sure that the -- that it’s the right application for access, because there is cost that comes along with that. But we continue to believe in the right circumstances that it is the right product and especially in the Enterprise where people are very concerned about quality you’re still going to see access.

Alan Masarek
I will just add one follow-up to that. It's our SmartWAN tools which is SD WAN software-defined wide area networking, we branded as SmartWAN, let's us provide QoS even in a broadband situation. So, it's less necessary at times to pull the private circuit in that office to have a dedicated voice line SmartWAN can handle that. Now, in certain situations you to pull the private circuit when others you can provide QoS via SmartWAN. So you sort of think about the gradations of delivery, you go from sheer over the top, up the SmartWAN delivery, up further to leading -- to actually pull a private circuit and sell access. And because of the growth in SmartWAN, we’re seeing a lot of success and that’s really why you’re going to see less sale of that or a slower growth in access.
Richard Valera
Got it. Thanks for that clarification.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Catharine Trebnick from Dougherty.
Catharine Trebnick
Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just give us a little bit more background on what percentage of revenue you expect Amazon Chime could be by the end of 2017 for modeling purposes? Thanks.
Alan Masarek
Hey, Catharine. Its Alan. I can't give you a percentage. The product we expect will release the end of Q2 and we're going to initially distributed to our base of customers as a -- an added element of functionality for free. And then they'll be selling and Amazon will be selling it through their web assets where they become a distribution channel for us. We're very excited about the prospect, but we don't know how successful it's going to be. So we can't provide a percentage, if you will, in terms of how significant it's going to be, but this is a important strategic relationship.
Catharine Trebnick
And then in addition to them, how much of Nexmo might be folded into the Amazon Chime opportunity going forward?
Alan Masarek
It's really not a Nexmo issue relative to the Chime situation. The Chime is a marriage between the UCaaS solution and the Chime -- audio conferencing, video and collaboration system. We separately have a lot of business through Nexmo with Amazon Web Services. I mentioned on the call, AWS has as one of their products, their simple notification service where we provide the SMS delivery for them. That is growing substantially. As I mentioned, that was up -- the volume of messages was up 73% sequentially in the quarter.
Catharine Trebnick
All right. Thank you, Alan. I will catch you guys on the post call. Bye, bye.
Alan Masarek
Thanks, Catharine.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Netis from William Blair.
Dmitry Netis
Can you guys hear me?
Alan Masarek
Yes.
Dmitry Netis
Okay. Thank you. Couple of questions. I joined a little bit late, so I apologize if I’m being repetitive. But for Nexmo, what are you guys projecting in 2017? The Street was baking in $124 million, I’m wondering are you still in that range lower or higher, and whether you’re going to continue to report? It sounds like maybe not, since you’re talking about unifying UCaaS and CPaaS into one reporting segment, but it doesn’t look like Nexmo will be split up going forward. Is that correct?
Dave Pearson
So the plan is to report the way we reported today, which is business as one segment and increasingly where we’ve put the two operations together. We will be giving color from a product perspective on CPaaS and UCaaS where it's relevant. We did answer before a question on CPaaS growth and we said it was going to be on an organic basis, so pro forma if we owned it for all of 2016, it will grow in the mid 30s. The implication there, as you recall when we bought it, we said that we thought it would do in 2017, because we’re buying it at 2x between a $115 million and $125 million of revenue in 2017. The mid 30s implies the very upper end of that guidance.

Dmitry Netis
Got it. Okay, Dave. Thanks. And then, just in general, and if I take that comment, roll that into your guidance for 2017 and look where UCaaS is shaping [ph] out, consumer slightly down from what the Street has been predicting as well, I don’t think you will be penalized too much for that, given sort of the trajectory of that business there. But the expectation has been for both Vonage business, UCaaS side of the business there as well as Nexmo to reaccelerate in terms of organic growth going into '17. So is there anywhere along the line maybe second half that you would feel now that you got that guidance? I don’t want to put words in your mouth, do you feel that’s a conservative guide, to give you a little bit of room to outperform those numbers going through the year and show that growth that you’ve outlined last year?
Alan Masarek
I think we put together and communicated an achievable plan and throughout the year we did a lot of building in 2016, we still had building to do in 2017 and we got a new CRO and we feel very, very good about that. So we will be updating as we go, but there is certainly that opportunity.
Dmitry Netis
Okay, great. And then a couple more, on the -- looking at the EPS missing by about two penny here, that’s entirely due to taxes? It seems like, but maybe I'm missing something, but if you could comment on that, Dave. And then that the prepayment that you mentioned that affected your free cash flow. Can you walk me over that one, once again and whether that’s still going to recur or is that one-time thing that …
Dave Pearson
Sure.
Dmitry Netis
… you expect to recur in '17 timeframe?
Dave Pearson
So yes, on net income, that difference is tax, is GAAP taxes. And just in general, net income has a lot of noise in it right now, because we made acquisitions, so we’ve amortization. We also have payments. As you recall, a portion of the considerations in Nexmo employees, and they owned a big part of the company, vests over the course of the year as an incentive tool, so that’s also in G&A and net income. As it relates to the prepayments, this was for a hosting capacity and several other products that we're able to acquire the services in bulk. We do not expect that'll be a regular occurrence and for instance this hosting capacity, it’s the amount which we pre-purchased is counted in years, not months. So I would not expect those types of payments occur on a regular basis and that will be bled off of the balance sheet into our operating cost as they’re consumed.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Greg Burns from Sidoti.
Gregory Burns
Good morning. When we look at the EBITDA guidance for 2017, is more than 100% of that still coming from consumer or are we -- can we read or is the business segment is going to be a break even for 2017 or still at a little loss? Could you give us a little more color on the complexion of that EBITDA guidance?
Dave Pearson
Yes. So, first of all, yes, we can. We are a functional organization and you know we are able to segment from a gross margin perspective it's much more difficult to pull apart below that and get to OIBDA. But if you use some simplified allocation assumptions, obviously you have a lot of cash flow coming from consumer, you’re going to be around breakeven in business, and you’re going to be investing in Nexmo. Those are the three components that go into the 165.
Gregory Burns
Okay. So business ex Nexmo, UCaaS is about at a breakeven and Nexmo's …?
Dave Pearson
Yes, breakeven to positive in UCaaS.
Gregory Burns
Okay.
Dave Pearson
Investment in Nexmo and highly positive in consumer.
Gregory Burns
Okay. And then, I just wanted to dig in on the slowdown in the UCaaS growth. I guess, this quarter there was some items impacting it. Could you just touch on those items again? And then, just looking into 2017, is it something you are proactively doing, where we’re only going to see kind of a mid to high teens type growth as opposed to kind of what we saw in 2016, or is it just scale or market related issues that are kind of weighing on the growth number for next year?

Dave Pearson
Sure. So just to unpack the numbers, and then Alan can comment on this as well. If you look just -- if you go to table 2 in the press release, and you look at service revenue versus product revenue, you will actually -- in business, and you take out Nexmo which is the revenue of which is footnoted, you will actually see this product revenue that went down in the quarter. If you look at service revenue, it's actually up $2.6 million just in UCaaS in the quarter to that $2.6 million of organic growth you add service credits, which were $300,000 to $400,000 elevated in the fourth quarter, so you then got a quarter that has $3 million of service growth and did not benefit from some one-timers that we had in 3Q, which included a USF increase which is not in service, but it's in total and some other equalization of fees. So when you put that altogether, we actually had a strong organic growth quarter in UCaaS. The other component that is working against, that you’re seeing in product is bad debt on equipment. So we had about $300,000 there, but that cost a $600,000 swing because that $300,000 was -- it was $300,000 higher in 3Q and it should have been and we took that out of 4Q, so that actually made a $600,000 swing there. In addition, on equipment, we are increasingly moving to a rental model, so you’re taking money out of in quarter and you’re spreading it over subsequent quarter. So you can -- really a lot of the difference relative to expectations within product for the reasons that I cited. In terms of long-term growth and growth for the year, really goes back to what we said before, which is we believe this is an achievable plan that reflects a fully built machine at the low-end -- at the lower end of the market where we're absolutely doing everything we can and feel like we have a very, very strong position in that market and then continues to build out and continued execution of the longer sales cycles at the midmarket and particularly in the enterprise.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tim Horan from Oppenheimer.
Tim Horan
Thank, guys. Can you give us more color on the Amazon relationship? Are they actually going to be using you for voice services, are they reselling your voice network? And the $15 price point that they have, is that kind of embedded with your service in that new product, the churn product? Thanks.
Alan Masarek
Hey, Tim. Its Alan. So they -- I mentioned before to an earlier question, they will sell our product, our UCaaS solution bundled with Chime on their web assets. What we’re doing is we’re taking their premium Chime and providing it free to our base and the -- as just a value adder. The opportunity is for us to then take a product that they sell at their premium at $15 and we can then go to our base and say here is this amount of value that is provided at no additional cost.
Tim Horan
So would your voice capabilities embedded with Chime, how much are they going to be charging for that?
Alan Masarek
We will not -- well, they will be charging what we charge in effect, because they’re not going to -- we cannot obviously have them create channel conflict in the sale of our products. So that’s all been addressed in the deal and this has been a relationship, it's been underway for very long, it's been in the works for a very long period of time, they actually have an incentive to sell our product as well as a distribution channel for us.
Tim Horan
So your product embedded with Chime, what do you think they’re going to be charging for that?
Joe Redling
It will be our -- this is Joe, it will be our standard pricing. We are actually their UCaaS provider in their web assets. So those links will come into our channel and we will be pricing that based on the number of seats just like we did today in our own channel. So we control the pricing of the entire process.

Tim Horan
Okay. Are they your customers or Amazon's customers, who chose then?
Joe Redling
They’re our customers.
Tim Horan
Okay. Sorry, that makes a lot more sense. And is this going to be more of a global offering or is it more U.S based?
Joe Redling
U.S based.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Latimore from Northland Capital Markets.
Michael Latimore
Hey, guys. Thanks a lot. On the UCaaS business, is it -- should we assume Essentials and Premier growth at a similar rate, or do you think one will clearly grow faster than the other in '17?
Alan Masarek
I think it's fairly even. Clearly there's a lot less friction at the lower end and so that is a positive for Essentials and historically it has grown faster. At the same time, our data and our experience shows that the upper end of the market is actually growing faster now to just the TAM and the adoption because it's earlier. So those two things are cancelling each other out for the year at a high-level.
Michael Latimore
Got it. And then, again with regard to Amazon Chime, do you think that offering is more attractive to the Essentials or Premier base? And also, I mean, you guys already have conferencing [ph] applications. So I guess, if a customer wants to have the conferencing feature, how do you sort of position Chime versus what you already have?
Alan Masarek
Yes, Mike. So, obviously the collaboration suite, this productivity suite is pretty compelling. We think it's you really got to get above 10, 20 seats for this type of suite, so what we’re excited about is across both our platforms, whether it's Essentials or Premier, this is an option we think will be very attractive to the customer base. So on the Essential side we believe that helps us to move up market to a 10 plus 20 plus seat through our inside sales channel that is filling a collaboration suite void we had before. So we think that’s a very positive thing for us on that side. We do have collaboration features through our Premier offering, but either one of those will be up to the customer's choice to choose. So it gives us both a much richer feature set for what I would call the small to mid, which is 10, 20, 30, 40 seats that we can put across all our channel. So it gives us advantages across all.
Michael Latimore
Yes, okay. Thanks.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Will Power from Baird.
William Power
Great. Thanks. Just a couple of questions. I know you’ve gotten asked this a couple of times, but just thinking about the UCaaS market, some of your competitors have been talking about accelerating growth in the mid market and enterprise. It sounds like you’re seeing that to a degree, but you’re not perhaps manifested to the same degree on the revenue growth outlook for 2017. So, I was just trying to understand, is there anything new competitively from Skype or others or some of your other competitors? And, again, just trying to -- just parse the growth rate expectations for '17, versus what you’ve had here over the last one to two years?
Alan Masarek
No, we’ve not seen a change in the competitive landscape, make clearly as I’ve just noted the mid market in enterprise is -- has lower penetration and therefore it is growing faster. The competition there is intense. It is more intense than it is at the lower end, but it hasn’t increased or decreased as of late. I would say that our model is one that where we’ve been very focused on building a balanced set of sales channels. I think you’ve seen various competitors swing very hard away from direct and towards channel. We’ve been doing a lot of state work to make sure that we're very balanced across that and I think that that takes a little bit more time, but I think it will put us in very good stead in terms of the infrastructure. The other thing is that we mentioned it a little bit before, but that lot of enterprises the key for them to go to the cloud is having that QoS, because they’re just not willing to be over the top. And so, we think that is the approach that we offer at the high-end with Premier. At the same time, those entities that want QoS also tend to have a longer sales cycle and when you are offering access and that type of service delivery, which these companies want, you also have a longer install cycle. So you’re just seeing that in the numbers and I think that help to explain the difference.

William Power
Okay. And then, maybe just quickly on the buyback from here, what’s the key driver? What kind of underpins, the plans to utilize the rest of that timing or magnitude as you look over the next 12 to 24 months?
Dave Pearson
Sure. So the Board authorized two years ago $100 million and we intend to execute that $100 million buyback. We, after two years we're at exactly halfway through it, we're exactly -- we bought almost exactly half the amount of stock. So we intend to continue to execute that. I think for the last several quarters we reached up and bought Nexmo, which was an irreplaceable asset and used cash to do it. We decided that the strategic flexibility was important and we wanted to use some of that capital to deleverage over the last couple of quarters, and also have the flexibility to do what we did back in May when the stock hold back we acquired well over $20 million of stock in a two weeks period not only providing -- I think a very good backstop to investors, but also just making some highly accretive trades. We want to continue to have that ability, we want to continue to delever, so really it’s a question of balancing those things. But we fully intend to execute on the $100 million and two years from now, be finished with the program.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Adam Ilkowitz from Citi.
Adam Ilkowitz
Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering -- you were talking about the costs and the investments being made to Nexmo. If we look at your service revenue margin in business as you reported, how would we look at just the UCaaS side of the business? Do you feel you are at a margin that is similar to a peer level, or your consumer business or if not, how long would it take to get there? And is the question more about scale, or is it about something else? Thank you.
Alan Masarek
Sure. So you we are -- you get a sense of what service margin is without Nexmo when you look back to the fourth quarter of last year, that’s the UCaaS business by itself, although its improved since then just with bigger scale. And Nexmo, we talked about and with Nexmo service margin and gross margin are the same, because there is no USF and there is no product or service delivery or anything like that. We made a filing over the summer which after the acquisition, which talk specifically about Nexmo gross margin and service margin and that right now during this land grab [ph] phase is in the 20% area. We think that there is near and medium-term upside to those numbers. But clearly during this land grab, we’re trying to optimize adoption of the APIs and repositioning Nexmo or diversifying Nexmo into other markets and in particular U.S voice. That has the benefits of greater -- of a longer tail of customers, greater diversity in customers, but it also happens to be where the higher margin is -- voice is, it’s a higher-margin product, U.S is a higher-margin market. And for us in U.S voice that’s where we really get the advantages of our network, which is where I think there's is a good amount of margin accretion. So as that mix shift occurs towards U.S voice and its going to take time, because we’re still growing on the international SMS side as well, and we get the benefits of scale, you’re going to start to see that gross margin or service margin go up.
Adam Ilkowitz
And just one final one, you mentioned on the slides, in talking about your own remarks about having financial flexibility, and you talked about the buyback program being somewhat dependent on M&A. Can you just talk about the landscape, and what, if anything you need, whether it's from a product or geographical standpoint, what interests you in the market these days? Thanks.
Alan Masarek
Sure. So we, first of all, we think see everything, just based on our position in the industry and the fact that we’ve been acquisitive, and so really falls into the three categories. One is continued UCaaS consolidation and that’s there the assets of the smaller players are not getting more expensive. And so those are things that we can execute on, but that’s -- those are purely -- in general, they’re purely customer acquisition or sales force acquisition place for us. So they’re almost like organic growth, you're just increasing organic growth. Second would be things like Nexmo that are technology driven, add-ons or product enhancements. We don't feel like we need to do anything there, for instance in contact center we got very good products there. Some are embedded in Broadsoft, simple versions are embedded in central, and then we’ve retail relationships where necessary. But we still look at things like that like Nexmo and technology enhancements, don't feel like we have to do anything. And the last piece would be industry consolidation and as we think that’s heating up, and there won't be as many UCaaS companies in two years as there are today. Again, we don't feel like we need to do anything there or that there's anything eminent, but we think it's going to happen and with our balance sheet and cash flow, we can be a driver and control our own destiny in that if it occurs.

Operator
Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I’d like to turn the conference over back to Hunter Blankenbaker for any closing comments.
Hunter Blankenbaker
Okay. Thank you, Karen, and that concludes our call today. We look forward to speaking you throughout the quarter as well as next quarter. Thank you.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a good day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Diversified Communication Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All VG TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksApple Is Overvalued, Buy It Anyway?AAPL• Today, 1:26 AM • PendragonYRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Today, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•1 CommentWhat AT&T's Q2 Results Tell Us About The Dividend SafetyT• Today, 12:10 AM • Jonathan Weber•9 CommentsWhat Will Apple Build In Those '3 Big, Beautiful Plants'?AAPL• Yesterday, 11:34 PM • Mark Hibben•13 CommentsAT&T: Grand SlamT• Yesterday, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•31 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Yesterday, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson Investors•1 CommentAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•29 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Yesterday, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Yesterday, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•26 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•35 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Yesterday, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Yesterday, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•2 Comments4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Yesterday, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•6 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•9 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Yesterday, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•16 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•10 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Yesterday, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•60 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•8 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•5 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•27 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Yesterday, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Yesterday, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•2 CommentsAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•2 CommentsRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Yesterday, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Yesterday, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•93 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Yesterday, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•18 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating User Growth And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•49 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•21 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Yesterday, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Yesterday, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Yesterday, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Yesterday, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•5 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•34 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•11 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•68 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•26 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•13 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•123 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•22 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•7 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•50 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•20 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•22 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•36 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•80 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•16 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•31 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•237 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•17 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•19 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•13 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•19 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•32 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•10 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•30 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•22 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•14 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMG•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



AT&T (T) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


T•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 



Hawaiian Holdings' (HA) CEO Mark Dunkerley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 





CEO Alan Masarek Weighs in on Vonage’s Master Plan | GetVoIP


































August 03, 2016








By Matt Grech



CEO Alan Masarek Weighs in on Vonage’s Master Plan









Featured In











 


Since this time last year, Vonage has been drastically changing. The company has been seen making a number of recent moves in what can only be described as a total transformation, a shift from the provider’s residential/consumer roots. With the recent acquisition of Nexmo, a provider of APIs for SMS, voice, and phone functionalities, it’s clear the company is looking to boost its current standing as a business VoIP provider of cloud communications for the SMB and enterprise. Jumping on Nexmo early, Vonage is looking to leverage a robust network infrastructure to allow for far more flexible communication between customers, employees and even productivity tools to bridge the gap between what were previously proprietary islands. But how does this all fit together in the grand scheme? Surely this one acquisition isn’t the only piece of the puzzle.
To make sense of it all, we recently had the chance to speak with Alan Masarek, the current CEO of Vonage, who has been guiding the company since November 2014. Under Alan, Vonage has really begun its shift in not only offerings, but even the existing culture and mission for the company.
A Company Wide Transformation
As Alan put it in his own words:
 “This transformation of the company has rippled through everything. In terms of reorganization: from business units, to a functional organization structure, to a meaningful upscale of the talent, to changing the culture of the company – we’ve been able to about double the Enterprise value of the company along the way. We’ve fundamentally changed the operating profit of the consumer [market], and that has funded all these things. We’ve seen our brand move from its roots as a residential brand to more a business brand.”
In just the second Quarter of 2016, Vonage announced reported revenue of $234 million up from a previous $222 million from the previous year ago quarter, and about 75% revenue growth for Vonage Business alone. This figure includes $8 million of Nexmo revenue, for a total of $86 million in revenue for Vonage Business. Ending seats for the were in Business were 578,000 which was up from 401,000 seats in the year ago quarter – this is a 44% increase in the number of seats hooked up to the Vonage business service. This isn’t just pocket change and collecting pennies from the sofa, there is a clear shift in Vonage’s strategy and market focus and it is evident in just this one quarter alone.
Alan explained the company has been utilizing its consumer side of the business cash flow, “to optimize its cash flows and extend” these flows, as Alan put it, in order to fund this entire transformation. But Vonage doesn’t want to simply be another enterprise VoIP or hosted PBX provider. They’re hoping to move beyond just that, and do what no other provider has before – bridge the existing gaps within Unified Communication platforms to create one single experience to work seamlessly for both the teams utilizing the software, but more important the customer who is utilizing the product.
Changing The Face of the Industry
As the cloud and communication industry develop in the next 12 to 24 months, Alan thinks “you’re going to see increasingly this marriage, or collision, between this traditional CPaaS model – the Nexmo model – and the UCaaS model,” he said. “The fact that one has been targeted on customer communications and the other has been targeted internally, on internal communications, we really think this is sort of a historical artifact that is not going to persist. It’s going to integrate into a bigger model.”
And Vonage wants to use the recent Nexmo acquisition as part of their plan to do just that – to connect these previously isolated, proprietary islands of communication and workflow. The idea is simple, why should your employees use a different service to contact each other, then another to contact customers, and then a completely separate CRM or workflow management tool as independent silos. It can add to confusion, and cut down on everyone’s favorite word – productivity. Alan envisions a different world, a connect world, a world made possible by APIs and the cloud. Alan and Vonage want to take advantage of an opportunity that others have yet to do so.
“I think the biggest thing that’s lacking [in the UCaaS industry] is the opportunity, it’s the opportunity to marry employee communications, like traditional UCaaS approach, with customer communications – which is sort of now the CpaaS approach,” Alan explained. “Previously, they were different islands of technology. Now you’ve normalized all IP communications and cloud based, and now you add the API and delivery of the communications functionality.”
Bridging The Islands
Previously, everything was based on separate technologies and left on separate islands. Now, as Alan put it, everything is normalized and we can take advantage of this technology to create bridges and a new experience we haven’t taken advantage of previously.
“It’s easy for Uber for example to embed the communications functionality into their booking service,” Alan continued. “These things are no longer islands. They speak to one another, so why in the world would you have your customer communications out there not integrated with your employee communications, it just makes no sense.”
To break it down more simply, he used an example of searching for plane tickets online. If you are on the airline’s webpage looking up information, and at some point come across an issue – question, complaint, some issue of sorts – currently, you find the airline’s 800 number, dial in and now have to start over from square one. You are the same as every other customer calling in fresh, and the agent has no previous information of your actions or information gathered online prior to the call.
“There’s no context as to why I’m calling,” Alan said. “The future will be: when I’m on that website and I have a problem, I’ll hit click to call on that website – because that website will incorporate communications functionally which will be integrated in via the [existing] IVR’s in the UCaaS solution – so it then goes to the appropriate call center agent. Then [the information] will dump directly into the CRM solution. In my view, that’s the value chain of UCaaS – that’s the promise of UCaaS.”
With increased connectivity, and less points of contact or hoops to jump through, customers will experience a new level of connection to the services and providers they choose to utilize. This layer of context applied with any support or customer service cases will allow for much greater help, and a level of personalization that just is not possible currently. Vonage is looking to pull all of the pieces together, from its existing robust network of calling functionality, with the APIs and functionality provided by Nexmo for SMS, Voice and everything else on the roadmap to create a new level of UCaaS unlike anything else in the industry.
Tracking the Progress
Now in his second year as the CEO of Vonage, we thought it appropriate – and curious – to see how Alan feels his time has been shaping up so far. We felt his words explained it best.
“I think if you ask my mother, I’m doing really, really well. I’m proud of what we have accomplished here. By next year we expect business to exceed consumer, it will be the larger piece of the business,” Alan said. “We’ve seen our brand move from its roots as a residential brand to more a business brand. I’m proud of the progress we’ve made, we’ve done ton a work in a short period of time and I think we assembled the piece parts. Going back to now, we have this seamless integration of that whole UCaaS value chain from working with the customer, back to the employee communication, back to the workflow tools all being integrated. I think that is a unique solution offering that leapfrogs the competition. So I’m proud of progress we’ve made.”
To learn more about Vonage and their offerings, head over to our Vonage Business reviews page to see what users had to say about their service, or even add your own.



























Join 100k readers and get exclusive VoIP industry headlines delivered to your inbox.


Email Address



Subscribe To The Blog









Related Posts





The Ultimate UC and Business VoIP Glossary For Beginners

 




RingCentral vs Vonage Business in 2017: Hosted PBX Showdown

 




How Partners Can Add Value for Customers with Hosted UC

 
 

Share

Twitter


Linkedin


Facebook


Google Plus


Email























Join over 100,000 professionals improving their bottom line.
We'll email you twice a month with our actionable tips, and industry trends fueling business growth, so feel free to sign up.




Email Address



We Don't Spam. Ever!

Subscribe to The Blog



















Featured In
































Vonage Holdings' (VG) CEO Alan Masarek on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Vonage Holdings' (VG) CEO Alan Masarek on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 9.17 | About: Vonage Holdings (VG) Vonage Holdings Corp.(NYSE:VG)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 9, 2017, 08:30 AM ET
Executives
Hunter Blankenbaker - Vice President of Investor Relations
Alan Masarek - Chief Executive Officer
David Pearson - Chief Financial Officer
Joseph Redling - Chief Operating Officer
Antoine Jamous - President of Nexmo
Analysts
George Sutton - Craig-Hallum
Dmitry Netis - William Blair
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC
Catharine Trebnick - Dougherty & Company LLC
Gregory Burns - Sidoti & Company
Mike Latimore - Northland Securities
William Power - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Robert Routh - FBN Securities
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Vonage First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to Hunter Blankenbaker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Hunter Blankenbaker
Great, thank you Victoria. Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2017 earnings conference call.
Speaking on our call this morning will be Alan Masarek, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Pearson, CFO. Also joining us are Joe Redling, our Chief Operating Officer and Tony Jamous, President of Nexmo. Alan will discuss our strategy and first quarter results, and Dave will provide a more detailed view on our first quarter financial results.
Slides that accompany today’s discussion are available on the IR Web site. At the conclusion of our prepared remarks, we will be happy to take your questions.
As referenced on Slide 2, I would like to remind everyone that statements made during this call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s expectations, depends on assumptions that may be incorrect or imprecise, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. More information about those risks and uncertainties is highlighted on the second page of the slides and contained in our SEC filings. We caution listeners not to rely unduly on these statements, and disclaim any intent or obligation to update them.
During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP is available in the first quarter earnings press release or the first quarter earnings slides posted to the IR site.
Now with that, I would like to turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Masarek
Thanks, Hunter. Good morning, it's great to be with you to discuss our results and to update you on the progress we are making on our strategic priorities. We are off to a solid start in 2017. Consolidated revenue in the first quarter was $243 million, a 7% year-over-year increase and our eighth consecutive of year-over-year consolidated revenue growth.
More important we have continued to execute on our plans to transform volumes into a market leading cloud communications company. Our strategy remains routed in continued investment in Vonage business to drive faster and long-term growth. And we are continuing to leverage our strategic assets, strong brand and low cost global network, along with strong cash flows from our consumer segment.
For 2017 let me review our three strategic priorities in UCaaS and I'll follow later reviewing our priorities in CPaaS. Our first priority in UCaaS is to accelerate sales in the enterprise segment. Since the beginning of the year, we have made very strong progress in enterprise.
Having closed four UCaaS deals which in aggregate represent more than $20 million in total contract value. Three of these four deals will each deliver more than $1 million in total contract value. While ne deal would deliver greater than $10 million in total contract value.

Our second priority is to build out our multichannel sales infrastructure to drive revenue growth. We are on-track to open sales offices in nine additional markets in 2017, bringing our total to 21 markets by end of year. Of these nine new markets, seven are on the West coast, one in the Midwest and one in the Southeast.
We have already hired sales leadership in several of these markets and these leaders are actively building out their teams. We are also seeing improvements in sales productivity across the board. And Kenny Wyatt, our new Chief Revenue Officer has consolidated our UCaaS and CPaaS sales teams under his leadership to promote lead sharing in sales across teams.
Our third priority is to meaningfully strengthen our customer value preposition by integrating UCaaS and CPaaS. We are seeing significant improvements in our value preposition from this integration. In fact, our CPaaS solutions are profoundly changing the conversations we have with the customers. The conversations has moved well beyond simply cloudifying the PDX for contact center.
Now we show customer how Vonage's Solutions can drive better business outcomes. It's a powerful combination to integrate UCaaS into other cloud based workplace tools like CRM and productivity and then link this to direct engagement with customers through CPaaS. In fact, this is what Unified Communications is all about.
And while it's still the used cases are venomous and it is fundamentally separating us from the competition. A great example of these benefits is the multimillion dollar deal we signed recently with MedXM, a leading provider of preventive healthcare technology and health risk assessments.
With 5000 medical staff personal, MedXM uses advanced technology to drive improve patients outcomes. MedXM selected Vonage because our communication solution is driving better business outcomes on their behalf. They are deploying Vonage premier integrated with their G Suite which is their productivity suite as well as our advanced context center powered by [indiscernible].
But most important to our win is that MedXM will our CPaaS platform to better engage with their medical staff and patients by automatically sending appointment reminders, connecting a MedXM member seeking urgent care with nearby physician in real time or with other solution that connect doctors and patients.
Now with that as a backdrop, let’s review our first quarter results in more detail. Total Vonage business Q1 revenue was $112 million a 51% year-over-year increase. This quarter also proved out that large enterprise are seeing Vonage as their go to partner to enable their move to cloud communication.
So as I mentioned, we signed a deal with a total contract value of greater than $10 million in revenue. This customer is the largest residential, real estate company in United States. They own and operate the best known residential real estate brands in the market. We are contracted to deploy our Vonage premier UCaaS suite across 550 company owned location to at least 20,000 corporate seats. In addition we are partnering with their corporate franchise team to offer Vonage service to their 4000 franchise offices in the United States.
Vonage was selected for our mobile solution, our video conferencing and collaboration tools and integration with sales force in Office 365. These services will be delivered with full QOS over Vonage's nationwide MPLS network as well as through our SmartWAN solution. The ability to provide QOS coupled with real time reporting and analytics with critical to wining this our RFP.
And this was a highly competitive situation that included virtually all of the leading UCaaS and Telco organizations, as well as detailed and lengthy pilot process. These large multi million deals are complex and they take and significant time and corporate resources to close and deploy, but they carry significant contract and life time value, I'm very proud of our team for this win.

Other significant UCaaS wins include one of the largest radio broadcasting companies in U.S. with more than 500 owned stations across the country and a large publically traded restaurant chain with more than 550 locations and for this restaurant chain CPaaS was absolutely key to our win.
Finally we continue to make progress on our strategic relationship with Amazon; we are already using Amazon Chime Pro as a lead generator for sales of Vonage Essentials to larger customers versus its traditional focus on the micro customer segment. And we continue to work towards the Q3 launch of Amazon's web properties as distribution channels for Vonage Essentials. Our products will be sold across Amazon.com/business and the AWS marketplace.
Now let's turn to next move. The Vonage API platform, where the teams delivered strong results. In Q1 Vonage API platform revenues were $26 million a 31% year-over-year pro forma interest. During the quarter, we saw solid traction with our new voice API and we made excellent progress against our three key CPaaS initiatives.
The first initiative was the build developer awareness and we made solid progress building out this awareness, our developer count increased 42,000 during the quarter, we now stand at 249,000 registered developers and our growth has accelerated each quarter for four consecutive quarters. We are registering developers from all over the world and from companies large and small spanning virtually every industry and vertical. This strong developer growth is critical to further developing the long tail revenue opportunity.
Our second key initiative is to expand the footprint and reach of our CPaaS sales force. We have meaningfully increased the size of our CPaaS sales force worldwide. And in particular, we have added more sales people with voice expertise. We have also begun to efficiently use our 400 UCaaS sales people to generate leads for their CPaaS colleagues.
Later this year, we expect our UCaaS sales force to begin selling CPaaS products serving as a significant force multiplier to our CPaaS sales teams. And while it's still early results have been strong. Our U.S. sales pipeline have increased significantly, and first quarter U.S. based revenue increased 40% from the prior year.
During the quarter, we also won some notable new accounts, We won Lift, the second largest ride sharing service in U.S. Lift selected Vonage to power real time SMS communications. This was a competitive takeaway win and our SMS API enables Lift’s more than 100,000 drivers to provide faster update and the ability for drivers and passengers to text each other without sharing personal phone numbers.
We also won Get, which is Europe's number one ride sharing and mobility service. Get selected Nexmo powered voice communications for the mobile application and we won their voice business from an established competitor because of our network quality.
We continue to benefit from the massive growth of the ride sharing industry. As we now have relationships with Lift , Get, Uber and others as they all seek better communications solutions to connect with their customers.
Also in the quarter, we expanded our partnership with the Zoho by integrating Nexmo Voice APIs into the Zoho CRM platform. Users can make phone calls within the Zoho CRM, send customized voice calls through CRM workflows or set IVRs for outgoing and incoming calls.
And finally, we just last week, we went live with Connectivity to Microsoft Flow and it's automation suite. This opens up a large opportunity for developers to embed communications into applications built on Microsoft infrastructure including Office 365 and Azure customer base.
Our third initiative was to meaningfully adds the utility and usability of our CPaaS and we have added features to our number insight API to provide the full caller name for a person or business and a major U.S. bank selected us for many use cases, including the ability to update their CRM database by validating the caller’s name and phone number. We also added 40 carriers to our SMS network and 10 carriers to our international voice network.

In April, we added to our strong relationship with Amazon Web Services by integrating our API platform with LEX, Amazon's Artificial Intelligent service that power's Amazon Alexa. This integration gives developers an easy way to build custom bots driven by natural language understanding and to deliver those solutions through phone text, app or mobile device.
So in closing, I'm really pleased with our results and I'm encouraged by our progress. In only three years we have built the largest revenue base in business cloud communications and we have created a unique value proposition from the integration of UCaaS and CPaaS. We have demonstrated the power of our brand to efficiently move from its roots in residential to a leadership position in business.
And now we demonstrated the power of our products, and our service delivery and our network infrastructure to win large enterprise customers across both UCaaS and CPaaS. We have a clear strategy to become the differentiated leader in business cloud communications. By using communication to deliver better business outcomes for our customer - far beyond simply cloudifying the PBX or contacts center. We are fundamentally delivering those better business outcomes.
Thank you and now I'm going to turn the call over to Dave to review our financial performance in more and we will take questions at the end.
David Pearson
Thanks Alan and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to review our financial results for the first quarter of 2017. As in the past, quarterly growth rates reflected in our presentation slides during our prepared remarks are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as sequential.
With that, let's begin on Slide 9. Consolidated revenue for the first quarter was $243 million, up $17 million or 7% due to organic business growth of our UCaaS business and the addition and subsequent growth of Nexmo. Business represented 46% of total revenue.
Moving to Slide 10. Let me now turn to our segment financial results for the first quarter starting with Vonage Business, which consist of our UCaaS and CPaaS products. Vonage Business total revenue was $112 million a 51% increase of this UCaaS was $86 million and CPaaS was $26 million. CPaaS continues to built momentum as we saw strong April revenue that we believe will result in 2Q CPaaS year-over-year growth in the 40% area.
As Alan noted, our strategy is to maximize the reach and growth of our business segment by selling in portfolio of UCaaS and CPaaS products through a common set of sales channels. We have a diverse group of business customers and low concentration risk with no one customer accounting for more than 3% of total business revenue.
Business service revenue which includes all UCaaS and CPaaS revenue grew 63% to $92 million. Service margin during the first quarter was 58% down from 73% due to addition of Nexmo. First quarter average UCaaS revenue per seat was $43.98, relatively flat versus $44 in a quarter a year-ago. Revenue churn was 1.4%, up from 1.3% in the year ago quarters and flat sequentially. Vonage Business grew total seats to 659,000, up 16% reflecting strong organic growth.
Before moving on to the consumer segment I would like to discuss a small divestiture. Last week we signed a definitive agreement to sell our hosted infrastructure services business to Rapid Scale a national managed services provider. This business consists of a mixed portfolio of products including infrastructure as a service, virtual desktop, hosted Microsoft exchange and other managed services.
We acquired this portfolio with the iCore acquisition and operating this business for the last year and a half, determined it is not core to our strategy of becoming the differentiated leader in business cloud communications. We believe this is the right move for Vonage and the customers of these services that they will be transitioning to an at scale focused posted services provider. We expect to close this transaction at the end of May, and anticipate a $4 million impact in the remainder of 2017.

A table showing revenue from the hosted infrastructure business over the last five quarters appears on Slide 15. We have also included in his table one-time items we have referenced over the past five quarters which along with the hosted infrastructure numbers facilitates pro forma analysis.
Total consumer revenue for the first quarter was $132 million, down 14% consistent with our plans to increase investments in business as we continue to optimize consumer cash flows. Consumer service margin for the first quarter was 81%, flat from the prior year reflecting our ability to hold margins stable despite a declining top line. This feeds to the power of our common scale network infrastructure that serves both our consumer and business segments.
Consumer customer churn was 2.2% consistent flat sequentially and year-over-year. We are seeing early signs of churn and cost per add improvements, as we focus our consumer marketing efforts solely on digital and inbound telesales. Consumer average revenue per line in the first quarter was $26.10, down from $26.68 year-over-year, primarily due to lower USF, which is a pass-through.
ARPU was flat sequentially again demonstrating the quality of our tenured customers that they become a greater percentage of the installed base. We ended the quarter with 1.6 million consumer subscriber lines as planned.
Now moving to income statement cost items. Consolidated sales and marketing expense for the first quarter was $82 million, up from $80 million reflecting a significant investments in the sales force headcount across all sales channels offset by the much more efficient and lower allocated media spend in consumer.
General and administrative expense for the first quarter was $35 million, up from $27 million reflecting an addition of Nexmo G&A and acquisitions related costs in the form of vesting deal consideration pay to Nexmo’s senior management.
Turning ahead to Slide 12, first quarter adjusted OIBDA was $37 million down $5 million. The decrease in adjusted OIBDA is primarily due to investment to accelerate product development and sales infrastructure in CPaaS and we plan to continue to invest at this pace, if we continue to see the advantageous market conditions and opportunity we see today.
Adjusted net income for the quarter was $15 million or $0.07 per share up $3 million. Adjusted net income benefited from a mandated accounting change that resulted in $5 million net tax benefit. The adjusted net income metric removes non-cash items such as amortization of intangibles from acquired companies and other acquisition related items. We also recorded an adjustment to income taxes related to these exclusions.
Moving to Slide 16, CapEx for the quarter including the acquisition and development - assets was $7 million down from $11 million in the prior year. Given that last year we were executing a major data center consolidation that is now complete. Adjusted OIBDA minus capital expenditures was $30 million down $1 million highlighting the strong cash flow generation of our business.
Pre-cash flow which we defined it net cash provided by operating activities by in this capital expenditures and acquisition and development of software assets is $10 million up $4 million due to the lower CapEx spend.
We continue to use our strong cash flow generation to return value to shareholder through opportunistic share repurchases. In the first quarter we bought back $10 million of stock or 1.6 million shares at an average price of $5.96 per share. Since beginning the repurchase of stock in August 2012, we have bought back 57 million shares of Vonage stock for $191 million at the highly accretive average price of $3.33.
More over our share count is lower now than it was from the program started meaning that we more than offset five years of employee share issuance and four acquisitions that included the issuance stock. Our buyback continues to be one of the components of our capital allocation plan to be deployed at management's discretion.

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of March 31 were $28 million including $2 million in restricted cash. Net debt was $306 million and we ended the quarter with net debt to trailing adjusted OIBDA of two times. In addition to the significant repurchase of stock the first quarter is our heaviest [indiscernible] as we pay our cash bonuses in February. The liquidity and strategy flexibility remain high through the $450 million credit facility; we put in place in mid 2016.
With regarded EBIT guidance we're adjusting our revenue expectations only to reflect the impact of the hosted infrastructure services’ divestiture. We now expect 2017 business revenue which includes both UCaaS and CPaaS to be in the range of $483 million to $489 million.
Corresponding total revenue guidance likewise adjusted to between $966 million and $981 million. Also these numbers mathematically removed from prior guidance approximately $4 million of anticipated revenue from the divested hosted infrastructure business for the period from June through December.
That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call over to Hunter to initiate the Q&A.
Hunter Blankenbaker
Okay, great. Thank you, Dave. And Victoria, let's please turn it over to the Q&A session.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from George Sutton of Craig-Hallum. Your line is open.
George Sutton
Thank you. congratulations on the four large deals. I'm trying to understand you have given your somewhat unusual and that you have a large direct sales force and use the channel, where are these deals coming from the perspective of the customer segment?
Alan Masarek
Thanks George, can we have Joe answer that.
Joseph Redling
Yes, hey George, it's a mix I think the large deal Alan referred to really came from a consultant process where these large companies actually have consultant that help them with the RFPs. So that was kind of directly came out of our enterprise group and direct filed sales, our direct selling efforts, others came from the channel, so it's a mix. So we are seeing a lot of traction throughout both our direct sales efforts and indirect.
George Sutton
Super. On the bright sharing side a very interesting that you picked up Lift very interesting that you picked up Get. Obviously [Indiscernible] has had some issues with their relationship with Uber, I know they are a customer of yours as well. Can you talk about any changes there and what is causing you to be so successful in that specific category.
Alan Masarek
I think our success in the category is not unique, they are just high-profile customers, we are seeing success across a variety of categories. They happen to be big users of CPaaS types of solutions. Obviously big wins with Lift and Get, ongoing relationships with Uber and several others that we are beginning to see the green shoots of how it expands to greater number of those countries and then adding voice to what we did in the past with SMS. But the nice thing is we still sit with virtually no customer concentration issues as it relates to these ride sharing companies or anyone else.
George Sutton
Super. Thanks guys.
Operator
Thank you. The next question is from of Dmitry Netis of William Blair. Your line is open.
Dmitry Netis
Just a couple of clarification on the financial side of things then more of a broader shareholder questions. Just on your business on the OIBDA you came in pretty much in line with last quarter, I didn’t hear you talked about what it will look like for the year. I think the last time you said, at least 165 million, so I'm just curious if you are reiterating that guide or not. And then it does imply pretty steep ramp in the second half of the year, given you did 37 in March, how are you thinking about that ramp, I would suppose that that also implies you will be breakeven in your UCaaS business, so whether that’s on track or not also, I would like you comment on that. Thank you.

David Pearson
Sure, thanks to Dmitry, the only change in guidance is the math of seeking the hosted infrastructure business and the impact that has on business revenue and corresponding total revenue. I think it's too early in the year to address the other aspects of guidance whether its OIBDA or anything outside of the hosted infrastructure services. Clearly the 37 million which we also did last quarter is based on heavy investment in both UCaaS and CPaaS and I said in my comments that if we continue to see the market conditions and the opportunity that we are seeing on CPaaS are going to be very hard on the [indiscernible]. So we saw it that way for the rest of the year, there continue to be a drag on OIBDA, but that’s really about what we are seeing and how quickly we make these investments in new products and new sales infrastructure and how that moves through the year.
Dmitry Netis
Okay great and then I was wondering if you can comment on the UCaaS side Alan, as far as last quarter you were talking about the bookings growth in ad business being - above kind of the full year revenue guidance you gave. Is that still on track? Are you feeling incrementally more bullish, now that you landed you before the deal, last time you were above by a 100, 200 basis points, is it still the case, or is it better now given these deals.
Alan Masarek
Thanks to meet you. So we are feeling increasingly confident about the bookings growth through the year and how that has the opportunity to accelerate revenue growth really next year. The macro point as we talk about a lot is that we have built so much of this infrastructure whether its sales infrastructure, geographically or number of sales people relationship with channel partners and now most recently even levered distribution models with Amazon an such that won't kick in to the second half of the year, those are taking foot and you see those with these big deals that we have signed that take a long time to one, secure and then two, deploy. But all those are demonstrating the green shoots that are propelling us as we go through the year and that’s why we are increasingly bullish about our performance, just based on those examples that I and
Dave cited in our prepared comments.
Dmitry Netis
Okay very well, and I guess I heard you say on the big deals there was multimillion dollar contract value, do you mind restating what that life science contract value is and I'm not sure I got that.
Alan Masarek
We said of the four large deals, one was greater than $10 million in TCV and the other three were greater than $1 million. So they were each seven figures and the one large deal was eight figures. In aggregate those four deals represent more than $20 million in total contract value revenues.
Dmitry Netis
Very well, Very well. If I could squeeze one last one here on Amazon. With this the [indiscernible] advertising earlier in this year in the March timeframe of your sort of Chime Vonage relationship there, it does look like the product isn’t ready yet given [indiscernible] late Q2 launch, so just wondering is that kind of in anticipation you are just building the brand related with to this partnership and once the product is available you are going to hit the ground line. How you feel about kind of where you are in your ability to sell and bundle a Chime and whether you also wait kind of the Amazon side of things when they are ready to kind of put that on their portal and kind of hit the ground line. So I guess you are approaching it from both sides of the point here, but which one will be kind of faster to get to market, are going to come out about the same time, just a little bit of color on how you go to market once the product kind of launches in late Q2.
Alan Masarek

Right, so as you stated in your question, there are two sides to this transaction, with this relationship with Amazon. One is our access to the product to Amazon Chime and Amazon Chime Pro, we have that now and we are using that for lead generation two larger customers than what we typically sold Vonage Essentials into, that’s already happening and that's the advertising campaign you have seen on television.
By the end of this quarter, by the end of Q2, the ability to deploy that ever more seamlessly will be done on the product side. On the distribution side of the relationship where Amazon will actually be selling Vonage Essentials on their web properties, which is amazon.com/business and the AWS marketplace, that will happen in Q3. You have to remember there is two sides of this.
Dmitry Netis
Okay. Thank you Alan. Thank you gentlemen.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Richard Valera
Thank you. I was hoping you could provide a little more color on the acceleration you are seeing in the CPaaS business going into Q2 kind of what is driving that, is it [Indiscernible] any particular kind of verticals or any color you could give there would be helpful. Thanks.
David Pearson
Yes, it goes back to the comments that Alan made about ride sharing as well as voice, and those are the areas of strong -. However, just seen it across the complex of customers set, so if you have not been disproportionate, but those are the two strongest areas. Think as we go through the year, we expect that voice will be a greater and greater percentage of the growth and that is a different that we saw in April and relative to earlier in the year.
Alan Masarek
Hey Rich, this is Alan, I have a point on that. The game plan to accelerate CPaaS is just a few key initiatives, one you want to build the long tail and so I commented on the growth in registered developers, which now has doubled since we announced the deal, that’s an important element.
The other then is expanding the sales force itself for CPaaS, which we have done in a worldwide basis and concurrent with that use the UCaaS sales force, which is 400 strong, think of them as a force multiplier for the CPaaS sales force. On top of those two, you add a whole new product category voice and really a whole new geography of the United States we are executing on each of those elements so its across the board which is driving that acceleration.
Richard Valera
Got it and just one more question if I could, just on the sort of synergy between the UCaaS and CPaaS, MedXM seems like a great sort of testament to that potential. Just wondering if you could give us any sense kind of [indiscernible] those types of deals you see out there to potentially sell both sides of the product portfolio there.
Alan Masarek
I will tell you that in every one of our customer discussions the fact that we can provide these better business outcomes via CPaaS is profoundly changing that conversation with the customer. In the final days of reporting closed MedXM I was having direct conversations with their CEO specifically about CPaaS use cases in terms of how it drives better business outcomes for now.
In every one of those situations large deals and vast majority of mid size and many small deals, we are going against a competitor in the core UCaaS side. What is wining the day is obviously having excellence in UCaaS solution, but what is separating from the pack is these only to communicate a CPaaS solution, which again is there to drive the better business outcomes.
We have grown up in UCaaS during the last several years thinking that UCaaS is synonymous with cloudifying the PBX in the contact center. It's much, much more than that, it’s about using communications to embed into those workflow Apps, business processes, mobile Apps and alike to get better business outcomes and there is example after examples where its work [indiscernible].

Richard Valera
Got it. Thanks for that color Alan.
Operator
Thank you. The next question is from Catharine Trebnick of Dougherty. Your line is open.
Catharine Trebnick
Thanks for taking my question. Alan and David either one of you, it doesn’t seem like your heavy emphasis on CPaaS congratulations, but quick question on UCaaS, are you reaffirming your 15% year-over-year growth rate, because it looks like you are taking 4 million out of end the year and can you give some color around what you expect the UCaaS growth rate to be, it sounds like you have some good opportunities, I just like to tweak my model. Thank you.
David Pearson
Sure, your guidance is only changing by the $4 million that we would have gotten from the hosted infrastructure business from June 1 through December 1, so it's literally just math. The rest of our guidance remains the same. The guidance that we on UCaaS was a mid-teens growth rate and that continues to be the pro forma growth rate that we expect to see.
Catharine Trebnick
Alright and quick question. Any color on the difference of how well are the SMB segment is doing compared to large enterprise just between Essentials and Premier. Approximately is it Essential 50% on a revenue basis and then which group do you think is really growing faster?
David Pearson
That continues to be the split Essentials continues to be a bit bigger low to mid-50s with Premier being the compliment. I think we commented before on the fact that the growth rate in the lower end of the market is still attractive when it's been slowing we are executing a build-out of this portfolio and infrastructure to be very strong player up market.
I think we continue to be a bit less mature than some of our competitors there. So we are not yet capturing all of the growth in the up market, but the investments that we are making we expect well fully do that. And that represents the bookings growth and ultimately the revenue growth that we expect to see that Alan commented on.
Catharine Trebnick
Alight. Thanks gentlemen.
Operator
Thank you. The next question is from Greg Burns of Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.
Gregory Burns
Hey good morning. I just want to get a little bit of clarification on the customer concentration on the business segment. If we look at the CPaaS individually on its own, do you have any customer concentration within that revenue base and when you look at your customers how much revenue or how many customers do you think have the wherewithal to do what an Uber is doing, still a multi sourcing CPaaS offerings. How much revenue do you have that could potentially be at risk for something like that? Thank you.
Alan Masarek
Greg let me ask Dave to take the first part on customer concentration CPaaS and I'll take the second.
David Pearson
Yes, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks the way we think about concentration is as a whole, and we talked about having our largest customer in the business complex be roughly 3% of revenue that is a UCaaS customer. As it relates to the whole just to give you a sense of size, our single largest CPaaS customer represents 1% of our business revenue, and so obviously if you look just at CPaaS its slightly higher percent, but still single-digits and not high single-digits. So we feel very good about that and the fact that we are not exposed. Just to give you a sense. If you thought about our top 10 CPaaS customers today Uber is not one of our top 10 CPaaS customers just to comment on that specific exposure and not specific opportunity.
Alan Masarek
And Greg relative to you question about how many customers can as you said sort of pull an Uber and do this in a multi-source dynamic trading way. The answer is that there are probably a couple of dozen that we see out there that act in that way where they want to move traffic country-by-country or mode-by-mode, so tax versus voice. But the key thing to think about is the to win in CPaaS is not predicated on an Uber, Airbnb, and Snap, WhatsApp is very, very large initial users of CPaaS.

The key to winning is to build a very long tail, because having thousands of customers with a few thousand dollars a months of sales is better than having a handful of these multimillion dollar customers who have the ability to as u say pull an Uber and run this like a dynamic trading environment where they have got great price sensitivity and they move traffic largely based upon price. So you have got to build this business on both ends of the tail, the long tail and doing smart value added things with these enterprise customers and that’s exactly what we are trying to execute on.
Gregory Burns
Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And the next question is from Mike Latimore of Northland. Your line is open.
Mike Latimore
Congratulations on those enterprise wins, how many enterprise or seven figures deals did you have in all of 2016 just for comparison sake.
Alan Masarek
Well then I have to look at the number, I don’t know exactly the number of time. Again what we are seeing just as Dave said, our ability in enterprise is increasing dramatically again take a step back, we started with Vonage Essentials the former [indiscernible] going after the micro segment 3.5 year ago. Then beginning just a little over two years ago, we acquired through the acquisitions of Telesphere followed Simple Signal and iCore the ability to serve the up market, a business both mid market and now large enterprise and we have been building the infrastructure sales, service delivery network and so on in order to deliver that.
The companies that we acquired each had large businesses in there large enterprise customers within their stable and those continues to today. We now in the new Vonage where we provide this we brought all the pieces together and added a great deal of resources are now hitting our stride where we have again knocked down since the beginning of the year these four very large deals with a very healthy pipeline of more to come.
Mike Latimore
Great and then in term of the CPaaS, you talked about CPaaS acceleration and the highlighted voice a few times there. I mean as you look at the revenue composition or bookings composition of CPaaS, how important is voice, is it going to be single-digit percent of revenue in bookings or how should we think about the voice just generally on the CPaaS line?
Alan Masarek
So voice is very important to that growth in CPaaS, so if you recall last year, Nexmo did $92 million in revenue within that revenue 90% was SMS, only 10% was voice and 94% of its traffic terminated outside the United States. So as I said before in earlier question the game plan for growth is to build the long tail and build the sales force, while currently adding voice as meaningful element of the mix and then extending to the United States as a region that really was underserved by Nexmo, because its focus was outside the United States. That’s what we are executing on.
The beauty about voice in the United States for us is that by paring Nexmo’s, the programmable that API layer what we call VAPI the voice API with our network in the U.S. we know empirically we can deliver higher voice quality than our competitors and because we have the direct peering relationships with the carriers in the United States again goes back to the power of the residential business with those 15 billion minutes of calls that we terminate annually and the fact we own our own phone numbers, we can do voice in the United States at very, very high margins. So the opportunity for us to grow the top line and grow the bottom line has a lot to do with how we build voice in the United States.
Mike Latimore
Great. Thanks.
Operator
And the next question is from William Power of Baird. Your line is open.
William Power
Congratulations on the real-estate. I wonder if you can just kind of walk us through you talked about that's being a very competitive process looking back what were some of the key differentiators that helped you win that and then I'm just curious if there are any CPaaS opportunities in that way?

Joseph Redling
So I'll take the first part of it Will. So yes, it was a very involved process I think it was a 100 providers early on in the process and lot of the competitors fell out very quickly. What you see the advantages we bring to the table is really QLS. Right, I think when you get to this level of enterprise, the level of SLAs that are required at are stringent and you have-to-have the capability in your infrastructure and your network with QLS.
It's one particular deal and as Alan pointed out literally includes both our NPLS network and smart LAN, so QLS was a key driver as well as the ability to scale this many locations with this type of deployment it's very complex. The third piece was really reporting and analytics right these are very sophisticated companies so we expect at a high level of monitoring and a proactive approach for after sales so I think when you add those things together we were in a very good position to drive this sale. So those are the three key components.
Alan Masarek
Let me ask Tony to jump in on the CPaaS side because there is active discussions underway right now on extending CPaaS solutions into this customer.
Antoine Jamous
Yes, thanks Alan. So in the reader space segment in general we see interesting potential for CPaaS because you should of it you have the customer and the agent communication and you have the agent and the headquarter communication. And a lot of these companies they need to transform to become more software companies, they need to add more agility and they don’t need this facilities to buy pure software here, but they want to integrate the software, they want to build, they want to actually control it and this where we see the opportunity. CPaaS is enabling these companies to transform themselves and improve the customer experience and agent experience in the real estate.
William Power
Okay, thank you. Let me extend and I guess the second question you look at use of cash from here, buy bought back $10 million of stock. How should we think about appetite for buying back more stock versus looking on additional M&A. and I guess just generally speaking, how you think about your appetite for further M&A probably I assume on the UCaaS side, but how do you look at that?
Joseph Redling
Yes, so we are right on pace, actually it’s a little bit of ahead of pace on our $100 million four year authorization and we intend to fulfill that authorization, we have got seven quarters left to go on that and given the history and the liquidity we expect to finish that out. As it relates to M&A and just being generally flexible, I would say that is our highest financial priority, very strategically flexible. We continue to see small and medium size rollout type opportunities and those are getting more attractive over time in terms of price.
I think we are just trying to balance that against potential industry consolidation, where we believe we have a pretty interesting competitive advantage because of our size and because of our balance sheet and because of our cash flow generation. So being flexible for the right opportunity there within M&A is our highest priority and then secondarily would be a continuation of smaller consolidation or rollout opportunities.
William Power
May be if I could just sneak one more in, just a follow-up for Tony, I know there has been some questions, and probably some concern just with respect to CPaaS competition what might be evolving on that front. And I mean your number suggest these obvious price otherwise you are seeing good traction, I wonder if you could just speak to what you are seeing your competitively, has there been any sea change events, are you seeing more players in the market place, just any further color there would be helpful.

Antoine Jamous
Sure, so we see more players branding themselves as CPaaS, that’s when you look it deeper, we don’t have any concern as you, because as you recall, a CPaaS it is more than just API, it’s a full platform that comes with a developer tool with algorithm that manages all the other network and higher level of enterprise capabilities that takes years to develop. So we see increasing need of [indiscernible] which is a great traction for our category, but we don’t see any concerns about a major competition entering in the market at this stage.
William Power
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And the next question is from Robert Routh FBN Securities. Your line is open.
Robert Routh
Yes good morning and thanks for taking my questions. First I was curious if you could give us an update as to your tax NOLs, what the size of them is and what you think you might do with them, especially given, talk about them changing corporate tax rate, [indiscernible] Federal Tax NOLs, it would seem that may be finding any company that generates real - lot of operating income now and being offset their future income with your NOLs before the laws change might make a lot of sense, I'm wondering if you could talk a little about how you think about that.
David Pearson
Sure current tax intervals is $575 million, so its sizable and it’s a strategic asset for us. We do believe that we are consuming it and we expect to fully consume it over the coming years particularly as we generate significant amount of allocated cash flow from the consumer business. So we are definitely open to different ideas and clearly we are tracking very closely, any changes in the tax rate, but right now, we continue to consume it at whatever the rate is, given the cash flow generation that’s going to happen in due course.
Robert Routh
And just one follow-up, given your success now with the Lift and obviously you have Get and the Uber relationship. What would your dream industry or your client be, if you don’t mind mentioning in terms of areas where you are not yet that you think that given your size now and what you done in any kind of the endorsements you have had that you would like to be and is there any industry that you don’t yet have a presence in, or any particular where you think it would just be Vonage’s dream client to win.
Alan Masarek
Let me turn it over to Tony to answer this comment ahead of time and the way to think about CPaaS is it's where can communications are make an underlying business process or an app or a website just that and it's everywhere, it's a simple answer, but I'll let Tony answer about if there is a dream industry.
Antoine Jamous
Yes, there is only the a dream industry, but potentially this market has started by early adopters and these were the light house account that we talk about often the Uber, Airbnb, SnapChat of the world, but what we see in an acceleration of the recorded early majority these are agile enterprises that wanted to sort of transform themselves to become more software company and they want to do that to improve the user experience between differentiated user experience and created new markets.
So the industry that we would like to grow more into are the industry that are mostly affected by the digital transformation, I think about retail being disrupted by Amazon, I think about transportation being disrupted by Uber, but think about even financial services are being disrupted by new [indiscernible] lending companies. So these are the segments that we would like to penetrate more and see more acceleration of this early majority adopting CPaaS.
For two reasons, one is because each one of the enterprises there is a lot of use cases in them, so when you enter that enterprise, you can help multiple departments. And secondly is because as Alan mentioned, one of our objective is to build a long tail and we want increasingly customers that are spending that are spending a significant amount of revenue, but compared to their overall size it is a real activity and a small spend. That's kind of where we focus on and new hope that that early majority segment accelerates the adoption as we move forward.

Robert Routh
Okay, great. thank you very much.
Operator
Thank you. And at this time, I would like to hand the call back over back to Hunter for closing remarks.
Hunter Blankenbaker
Great. Thank you, Victoria, and that wraps up the Q&A portion of the today's call. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences and for those unable to attend in person, these events will be webcast and you can follow our comments at the Vonage investor relations site. Please contact us if you need any additional details and thanks again for joining.
Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does concludes today conference. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Diversified Communication Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All VG TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksApple Is Overvalued, Buy It Anyway?AAPL• Today, 1:26 AM • PendragonYRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Today, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•1 CommentWhat AT&T's Q2 Results Tell Us About The Dividend SafetyT• Today, 12:10 AM • Jonathan Weber•9 CommentsWhat Will Apple Build In Those '3 Big, Beautiful Plants'?AAPL• Yesterday, 11:34 PM • Mark Hibben•13 CommentsAT&T: Grand SlamT• Yesterday, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•31 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Yesterday, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson Investors•1 CommentAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•29 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Yesterday, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Yesterday, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•26 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•35 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Yesterday, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Yesterday, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•2 Comments4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Yesterday, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•6 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•9 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Yesterday, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•16 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•10 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Yesterday, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•60 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•8 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•5 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•27 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Yesterday, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Yesterday, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•2 CommentsAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•2 CommentsRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Yesterday, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Yesterday, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•93 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Yesterday, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•18 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating User Growth And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•49 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•21 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Yesterday, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Yesterday, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Yesterday, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Yesterday, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•5 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•34 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•11 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•68 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•26 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•13 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•123 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•22 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•7 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•50 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•20 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•22 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•36 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•80 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•16 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•31 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•237 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•17 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•19 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•13 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•19 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•32 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•10 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•30 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•22 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•14 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMG•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



AT&T (T) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


T•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 



Hawaiian Holdings' (HA) CEO Mark Dunkerley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
 






Alan Masarek, CEO, Vonage


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Alan Masarek



CEO
at
Vonage


Location: Greater New York City Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Alan Masarek



CEO
at
Vonage


Location: Greater New York City Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Alan Masarek joined Vonage as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in November 2014.
Mr. Masarek came to Vonage from Google, Inc., where he was Director, Chrome & Apps from June 2012 until October 2014, following the acquisition of his prior company, Quickoffice, Inc.
An innovator with deep experience in mobile, SMB and consumer sectors, Mr. Masarek was the Co-founder of Quickoffice, Inc., one of the world’s most widely recognized mobile brands, and served as its Chief Executive Officer from July 2007 until June 2012. Under his leadership, Quickoffice became the world’s most widely embedded mobile productivity software, with a top-grossing iPad app and a top 10 grossing app in the Google Play Store, engaging more than 26 million registered users at the time of Google’s purchase. Following the acquisition, Mr. Masarek became Director, Chrome & Apps for Google.
Prior to co-founding Quickoffice, Mr. Masarek was Co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of AdOutlet, Inc., a marketplace for the media industry, from April 1999 to September 2001. Previously, he was President of Advanced Health Corporation, where he led the organization from development stage through its growth into a publicly-traded services and IT company. Mr. Masarek earned his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and his B.B.A. from the University of Georgia.



6

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Telecommunications




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Alan MasarekCareer (6)






Oct-2014




Vonage



CEO












CircleBack



Board Member







Jun-2012 to Oct-2014




Google



Director, Chrome & Apps







Jun-2002 to Jun-2012




Quickoffice



CEO and Co-Founder







Apr-1999 to Sep-2001




AdOutlet.com Inc.



CEO







Aug-1994 to Jan-1999




Advanced Health Corp



President and COO








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Alan MasarekEducation (2)






1989



Harvard Business School


Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies






1982



The University of Georgia


Accounting









 Edit



Alan MasarekAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Alan Masarek






 Edit



Alan MasarekLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Alan Masarek









Alan MasarekInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Alan Masarek









Alan MasarekInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Alan Masarek








Alan MasarekRelated People








Colleagues at Vonage







Johan Hybinette

Chief Information Security Officer
Apr-2017









Gregg Rowe

Vice President - West Channel Sales
Apr-2016









Susan Quackenbush

Chief Human Resources Officer
Nov-2015









Omar Javaid

Chief Product Officer
Jul-2015












View all 



Alan MasarekRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies






































Google I/O 2014 - Distributing your product: Personalized coaching with Alan Masarek















 
 













Event schedule




Agenda
On-site check-in starts on June 24 from 2:00 - 8:00 pm PDT. For the full schedule, visit the Help page.

Day 1
|
Day 2





Breakfast
Keynote
Lunch
Sessions
Code Labs
Sandbox
After Hours





7
8
9
10
11
12P
1pm
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11






Breakfast








Keynote








Lunch







Sessions







Code Labs







Sandbox







After Hours









Breakfast
Sessions
Lunch
Code Labs
Sandbox







7
8
9
10
11
12P
1pm
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11






Breakfast







Sessions





Sessions







Lunch







Code Labs







Sandbox



















Day 1Day 2




Profile My schedule
                      



Filters







Profile My schedule
                      





                    Session, Design
                  

                    Clear all Clear







June 25


Sorry, there's nothing here.Give it another go.



9am





                                  Keynote
                                

Level 3 Video

Pin






11am





                                  Android Studio startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Taking on accessibility challenges in complex web applications
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  Android and cloud
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  NVIDIA tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  Jank-free performance audits
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Predicting the future in the Cloud
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  End-to-end testing and continuous integration with Dart
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  Organizing code and managing dependencies
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  The world is your playground - go global with Google
                                

 

Pin





                                  Developer workflow around Docker containers
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Europe meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Live UX review: Wearables
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  DevOps power tools
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Testing techniques
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin






12pm





                                  Nest API startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  North America meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Accessibility developer tools in Chrome
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  Framework: Device storage and SD cards, NFC/HCE APIs and behaviors
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  The power tools of Chrome DevTools
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Optimizing Dart Applications
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  How to distribute new technology
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin





                                  Intel tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  Containers on Google App Engine
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Google Developers Group women meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Devices and testing Office Hours with Nearpod, Inc
                                

School Sandbox: Office Hours 

Pin





                                  Making your code faster: benchmarking and profiling
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  Large scale data processing in the Cloud
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  How Tinder caught fire & how your app can too
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin






1pm





                                  Google Cloud Platform startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  South America meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Optimizing your app for education
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Making your cloud apps Google-fast
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  HTML5 everywhere: How and why YouTube uses the Web platform
                                

Room 3 

Pin





                                  Making money on Google Play
                                

Room 4 

Pin





                                  Perf culture
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  Polymer and the Web Components revolution
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  Who cares about new domain names? We do. If you want happy users, then you should too.
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  What's new in Android
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Accessible web components
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  SDK tools for performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  Building set-top box UIs with Dart
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  Keys to successful distribution of Android games
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Open-source technologies from the Hadoop ecosystem as part of your Cloud toolkit
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Design community panel
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Google I/O first-timers meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Unity tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  10 things I learned from the Chrome OS source
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Camlistore: Android, ARM, App Engine, everywhere
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  AdMob and Google Analytics office hours
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Massively scalable backends for MMO and mobile games
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin






2pm





                                  Polymer startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Robotics meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Optimizing for schools with Star Chart and and GoClass
                                

School Sandbox: Office Hours 

Pin





                                  Designing great apps for education
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Google Play services Rocks!
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  Introduction to Project Volta
                                

Room 3 

Pin





                                  Google Play power session
                                

Room 4 

Pin





                                  Making sense of online course data
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  Polymer and Web Components change everything you know about Web development
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  Zero to hero with Google Cloud Platform
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  Material design principles
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Introduction to Android accessibility
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  SDK tools for layouts
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  Unlocking the potential of GoogleAnalytics logs using Google BigData services
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Using Polymer with Dart and JavaScript
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  How crashing my startup taught me to work at Y Combinator
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  How to grow a global user base
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin





                                  Building a web app on App Engine
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  Scaling NoSQL performance on Google Cloud Platform
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Meetup for Chinese speakers
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Enable Google Cast for your application
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Qualcomm tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  Building a Lambda Architecture in 10 minutes with BigQuery, CEP and Docker
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin






3pm





                                  Android Studio startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Chrome apps in Google Play for Education
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Build better products, not more features: UX design for developers
                                

Workshop Room 1 

Pin





                                  Google [x] presents: Solve for X - Accelerating moonshot projects
                                

Workshop Room 2 

Pin





                                  Biologically inspired models of intelligence
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  HTTPS Everywhere
                                

Room 2 

Pin





                                  Perfectly executing the wrong plan
                                

Room 3 

Pin





                                  Connecting Cloud and Web: Deploying end-to-end apps with Dart
                                

Room 4 

Pin





                                  The design sprint: from Google Ventures to Google X
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  Achieving more with Mobile Cloud
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  Big data, the Cloud way: Accelerated and simplified
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  Wearable computing with Google
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Live UX review: Web
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Accessibility for Android custom views
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  Debugging Dart apps with WebStorm
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  3 days of building useless stuff - the makings of the world's craziest makers conference
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Sourcegraph: A code search engine in Go
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  Continuous integration with Google Cloud Release Pipelines
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Distributing your product: Personalized coaching with Alan Masarek
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin





                                  New to Android with Showbie and Tynker
                                

School Sandbox: Office Hours 

Pin





                                  Education APIs
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Build for the multi-device Web
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Google Play office hours
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  BigQuery logs analysis
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin






4pm





                                  Google Cloud Platform startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Quantified Self meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Android TV - A platform for the living room
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  Bridging the gap between the web and apps
                                

Room 2 

Pin





                                  Grow your app with Google identity: Engaging users wherever they are
                                

Room 3 

Pin





                                  Unlock the next era of UI development with Polymer
                                

Room 4 

Pin





                                  Containerizing the Cloud with Docker on Google Cloud Platform
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  Android fireside chat
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  Ignite
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  Designing for wearables
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Designing for Google Cast
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Android accessibility updates
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  GC and Jank in Art
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  ARM tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  Building end-to-end apps with Cloud, Mobile, and Dart
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  Authentication and third party APIs
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  Silicon Valley startups and incubators vs. global ones
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Distributing your product: Personalized coaching with Patrick Sullivan
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin





                                  Putting out fires in your production application
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Korean developers meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Introduction to Classroom
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  #AccessibilityMatters
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Building App Engine with Gradle in Android Studio
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Google Play office hours
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin






6pm





                                  After Hours
                                

After Hours 

Pin









June 26


Sorry, there's nothing here.Give it another go.



9am





                                  Google Cloud Platform startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Glassware design sprint
                                

Workshop Room 1 

Pin





                                  Google [x] presents: Solve for X - Accelerating moonshot projects
                                

Workshop Room 2 

Pin





                                  Going responsive with the Google Play Apps Suite
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  Casting to the future
                                

Room 3 

Pin





                                  How we built Chrome Dev Editor with the Chrome platform
                                

Room 4 

Pin





                                  The next five billion gamers
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  A 3D tablet, an OSCAR, and a little cash. Tango, Spotlight, Ara. ATAP.
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  Going global with Google Play
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  What’s new in Android development tools
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Introduction to Android accessibility
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  Renderscript
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  ARM tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  Predicting the future in the Cloud
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Tips and tricks for upgrading business critical web apps to Dart
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  Building a web app on App Engine
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  Don't Listen to Users, Sample Their Experience!
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Android design and tablet optimization with StudyBlue and Handouts
                                

School Sandbox: Office Hours 

Pin





                                  What's new in Google Play for Education
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Live UX review: Android
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Optimizing for the user experience with WebPagetest
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Developer workflow around Docker containers
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Driving login velocity across multiple platforms with Google+ Sign-In
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin






10am





                                  Polymer startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Android Wear: The developer's perspective
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  Cardboard: VR for Android
                                

Room 2 

Pin





                                  Instant Buy Everywhere: Turbocharge mobile monetization
                                

Room 3 

Pin





                                  Android Auto: Developers, start your engines!
                                

Room 4 

Pin





                                  The ART runtime
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  Making the mobile web fast, feature-rich, and beautiful
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  The dawn of "Fast Data"
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  Material design: Structure and components
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Accessibility for Android custom views
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  SDK tools for performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  DevOps power tools
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Server-side Dart programming in Google Cloud
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  Making Google Cast apps discoverable
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Sourcegraph: A code search engine in Go
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  Nordics meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Google Play for Education behind the scenes
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Optimizing the mobile experience with PageSpeed insights
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Google Play flipped panel
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Qualcomm tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  Containers on Google App Engine
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Authentication and third party APIs
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin






11am





                                  Android Studio startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Middle East meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Devices and testing Office Hours with Intellijoy and Splash Math
                                

School Sandbox: Office Hours 

Pin





                                  Optimizing your app for education
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Design sprints with Google Ventures
                                

Workshop Room 1 

Pin





                                  Material design in Google Play
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  Transforming democracy and disasters with APIs
                                

Room 2 

Pin





                                  Upgrading the engine mid-flight: How Google improves its web apps without downtime
                                

Room 3 

Pin





                                  The future of Apps and Search
                                

Room 4 

Pin





                                  Less code, more services, better Android apps
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  Mobile Web performance auditing
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  Views from Everywhere: Bringing developers the world's largest geo photo library
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  Material science: Developing Android applications with material design
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Android accessibility updates
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  SDK tools for layouts
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  All-in: Using Dart for everything
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  How to distribute on Chrome Web Store
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Francophone meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  10 things I learned from the Chrome OS source
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Large scale data processing in the Cloud
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Distributing Native Code on the web using PNaCl
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Camlistore: Android, ARM, App Engine, everywhere
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin






12pm





                                  Nest API startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Meetup en Español
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Designing great apps for education
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Prototyping with Polymer
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Taking on accessibility challenges in complex web applications
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  Android and cloud
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  Request quest: Test your knowledge of obscure browser behavior
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Open-source technologies from the Hadoop ecosystem as part of your Cloud toolkit
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Building composable server-side Dart apps with Shelf
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  Our favorite prototyping tools
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Nippon meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Google Sign-in Office Hours with Quizlet and Duolingo
                                

School Sandbox: Office Hours 

Pin





                                  Intel tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  Massively scalable backends for MMO and mobile games
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  How to distribute new technology, part II
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin





                                  Go compilation complexities
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin






1pm





                                  Google Cloud Platform startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Africa meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  You want me to measure what?! Turning qualitative information into quantitative data
                                

Workshop Room 1 

Pin





                                  Accessibility developer tools in Chrome
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  Framework: Device storage and SD cards, NFC/HCE APIs and behaviors
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  5 Chrome DevTool tricks for a faster mobile website
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Mobile Dart workflows in Chrome Dev Editor
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  Saving time and money with Google Wallet office hours
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Cross-platform design panel
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Unlocking the potential of GoogleAnalytics logs using Google BigData services
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Organizing code and managing dependencies
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  Asia meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Apps in school: Kids Panel
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Integrating your app with the Knowledge Graph office hours
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Social networking, reengineered: How Secret became popular
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin





                                  Scaling NoSQL performance on Google Cloud Platform
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin






2pm





                                  Android Studio startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Australia and New Zealand meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Google Drive integration with WeVideo and Explain Everything
                                

School Sandbox: Office Hours 

Pin





                                  Apps in school: Kids Panel
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Nest for developers
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  Google Play Games: A developer perspective
                                

Room 2 

Pin





                                  How 20% engineers built Santa Tracker
                                

Room 3 

Pin





                                  Making music mobile with the Web
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  Taming your cloud applications with intelligent monitoring
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  Maximize app engagement, monetization and distribution
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  Material witness: How Android material applications work
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Material design: Paper and ink
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Accessible web components
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  Frameworks for enterprise and device management
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  Using JavaScript libraries with Dart
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  Distributing your Glassware
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Unity tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  Building a Lambda Architecture in 10 minutes with BigQuery, CEP and Docker
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Testing techniques
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  Smartphone websites: UX review
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Your first look at Polymer
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  Google Play office hours
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Spread your app like Wildfire
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin





                                  Distributing your product: Personalized coaching with Victoria Ransom and Alain Chuard
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin






3pm





                                  Nest API startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Education APIs
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Introduction to Classroom
                                

School Sandbox: Teaching Theater 

Pin





                                  Deconstructing the user journey
                                

Workshop Room 1 

Pin





                                  Material design: Visual style and imagery
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  Security at scale at Google
                                

Room 2 

Pin





                                  Building great multi-media experiences on Android
                                

Room 3 

Pin





                                  Play Games: Evolution of our beloved form of entertainment
                                

Room 4 

Pin





                                  Developing across Devices - Chrome DevTools in 2014
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  DevOps at the speed of Google
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  Maps for good: Saving trees and saving lives with petapixel-scale computing
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  Innovate with the Glass Platform
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Live UX review: Android
                                

Design Sandbox 

Pin





                                  API case study from IDEAL Group
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  Continuous integration with Google Cloud Release Pipelines
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Accessing Cloud Datastore from Dart
                                

Develop Sandbox: Dart 

Pin





                                  How to get, keep and monetize users on Google Play
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  Making your code faster: benchmarking and profiling
                                

Develop Sandbox: Go 

Pin





                                  Optimizing for schools with Pearson TestNav and Remind101
                                

School Sandbox: Office Hours 

Pin





                                  Best practices and common mistakes in SEO
                                

Develop Sandbox: Chrome 

Pin





                                  BigQuery logs analysis
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  AdMob and Google Analytics office hours
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin






4pm





                                  Google Cloud Platform startup station
                                

Code Lab 

Pin





                                  Maker meetup
                                

Community Lounge 

Pin





                                  Redesigning Google Maps
                                

Room 1 Video

Pin





                                  Strengthening communities with technology: A discussion with Bay Area Impact Challenge finalists
                                

Room 2 

Pin





                                  Speechless at I/O
                                

Room 4 

Pin





                                  Design principles for a better mobile web
                                

Room 5 

Pin





                                  Robotics in a new world - Presented by Women Techmakers
                                

Room 6 Video

Pin





                                  Predicting the future with the Google Cloud Platform
                                

Room 7 Video

Pin





                                  Material design: Motion
                                

Room 8 Video

Pin





                                  Accessibility Q&A, consulting, and demos
                                

Develop Sandbox: Accessibility 

Pin





                                  GC and Jank in Art
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android 

Pin





                                  NVIDIA tooling and performance
                                

Develop Sandbox: Android NDK / Gaming Performance 

Pin





                                  Putting out fires in your production application
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin





                                  Distributing appealing apps: How to make them love your apps
                                

Distribute Sandbox 

Pin





                                  How Homejoy swept the competition
                                

Distribute Sandbox: YouTube 

Pin





                                  Building App Engine with Gradle in Android Studio
                                

Develop Sandbox: Cloud 

Pin












                  Filters
                




Design



Develop



Distribute





Sessions



App Reviews



'Box Talks



Workshops



Office Hours



Code Labs





Live Streaming




                      Select a topic
                      

Accessibility



Android



Chrome / Web



Cloud Services



Dart



Games



Go



Growth



Location



Monetization



Media



Performance



Polymer



Tools



UX



Wearables










            Filter the selection
            Close





Design



Develop



Distribute





Sessions



App Reviews



'Box Talks



Workshops



Office Hours



Code Labs





Live Streaming





Accessibility



Android



Chrome / Web



Cloud Services



Dart



Games



Go



Growth



Location



Monetization



Media



Performance



Polymer



Tools



UX



Wearables

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















alan masarek - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Alan Masarek's History - Alan Masarek's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Alan Masarek's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now




Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





Searches related toalan masarek



alan masarek net worth


how to set up vonage


alan masarek google


vonage ceo alan masarek



vonage executive team


ceo of vonage


vonage phone service set up


vonage




Web Results

Alan Masarek | CEO | Vonage Corporate

https://www.vonage.com/corporate/alan-masarek.php


Alan Masarek joined Vonage as Chief Executive Officer in November 2014. Learn more about Alan Masarek here.


Alan Masarek | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alan-masarek-1aa1a8a8


View Alan Masarek’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Alan Masarek discover inside ...


Alan Masarek - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/alan-masarek-vg/salary/933858


View Alan Masarek, Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Vonage Holdings Corp., Holmdel, NJ, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Vonage Holdings ...


Alan B. Masarek: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?personId=...


Mr. Alan B. Masarek has been the Chief Executive Officer of Vonage Holdings Corporation since November 6, 2014. Mr. Masarek served as the Chairman and Chief Executive ...


Alan Masarek | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/alan.masarek


Alan Masarek is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with Alan Masarek and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and makes the...


Alan Masarek Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Alan-Masarek


View the profiles of people named Alan Masarek. Join Facebook to connect with Alan Masarek and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to...


Alan Masarek - Salary.com

www1.salary.com/Alan-Masarek-Salary-Bonus-Stock-Options-for-VONAGE...


Salary, bonuses, stock options, stock awards and other compensation for Alan Masarek , Chief Executive Officer at VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP. How much did Alan Masarek make ...


Alan Masarek, CEO, Vonage - VB Profiles

https://www.vbprofiles.com/people/alan-masarek-553fa891acc95fdc...


Curated profile of Alan Masarek, CEO, Vonage including career history, news and intelligence, portfolio companies and investments. Spoke Intelligence is home of VB ...


CEO Alan Masarek Weighs in on Vonage’s Master Plan | GetVoIP

https://getvoip.com/blog/2016/08/03/vonage-master-plan


We had a chance to sit down with Alan Masaresk, CEO of Vonage, to break down the company's latest Nexmo acquisition, and transformation to the business market.


Vonage CEO unafraid of big shift in Holmdel company's plans

www.app.com/.../2017/07/14/vonage-ceo-alan-masarek/460964001


Vonage CEO Alan Masarek is leading the Holmdel company as it shifts from focusing on consumers to businesses.










Alan Masarek's History - Alan Masarek's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Alan Masarek's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now




Best People Search



Search Arrest Records




Searches related toalan masarek



alan masarek net worth


how to set up vonage


alan masarek google


vonage ceo alan masarek



vonage executive team


ceo of vonage


vonage phone service set up


vonage




12345Next














Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.













masarek - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Login to Your Email - Check New Messages | checkfast.net



Ad
 ·
www.checkfast.net



Read, send and manage emails. Access your messages with app. Free download.















Rudolf Masarek




Rudolf (Rudi) Masarek (or Masaryk) (10 September 1913 — 2 August 1943) was a Czech prisoner of the Treblinka extermination camp and a prominent member of the Treblinka prisoner uprising.

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Rudolf Masarek - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Rudolf_Masarek


Photo of Rudolf Masarek, taken before the outbreak of the Second World War in Prague, Czechoslovakia Despite the somewhat special treatment granted to Masarek in ...


Matija Mazarek - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Matija_Mazarek


Matija Mazarek or Matija Masarek (Serbian: Матија Мазарек) (1726–fl. 1792) was an 18th-century Catholic priest. In the second half of the 18th century ...


Google Acquires Mobile Productivity Company Quickoffice ...

https://techcrunch.com/2012/06/05/google-acquires-mobile...


Quickoffice CEO and co-founder Alan Masarek notes that he hopes that “by combining the magic of Google’s intuitive solutions with Quickoffice’s ...


Why Vonage Is Acquiring Nexmo for $230 Million | AOL.com

https://www.aol.com/video/view/why-vonage-is-acquiring-nexmo-for...


May 6 -- Alan Masarek, Vonage Holdings chief executive officer, discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and Vonage's acquisition of Nexmo with Bloomberg's Matt ...


The Devil (novel) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/The_Devil_(novel)


Two young men, Eugene Irtenev and his brother, are left a large inheritance after the death of their father. However, the inheritance is saddled with debts, and the ...


Vonage - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Vonage


Alan Masarek ; David Pearson ; Joe ... Vonage recommends customers keep a basic traditional landline dedicated to their home alarm system and use Vonage for ...


Connect by QuickOffice and Box OneCloud attack iPad file ...

https://www.engadget.com/2012/03/30/connect-by-quickoffice-and-box...


Connect by QuickOffice and Box OneCloud attack iPad file round ... but CEO & co-founder Alan Masarek told TUAW that "things have really gotten off the ...


Vonage news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/vonage


All the latest news on Vonage. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Vonage videos and more, on WOW.com


Amazon Appstore for Android celebrates a year of life ...

https://www.engadget.com/2012/03/15/amazon-appstore-android-deals...


Amazon Appstore for Android celebrates a year of life, deals ... to other app stores based on the integrated Amazon buying experience," said Alan Masarek, ...


Dave Lanning news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/dave-lanning


All the latest news on Dave Lanning. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Dave Lanning videos and more, on WOW.com










Login to Your Email - Check New Messages | checkfast.net



Ad
 ·
www.checkfast.net



Read, send and manage emails. Access your messages with app. Free download.


12Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








