


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























Insurance and Financial Services – Live Mutual – MassMutual




























MassMutual
Log In
Logout












We’re people helping people.
Our happiness is gained through others. And that’s worth protecting. Our commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual.


Learn More







Calculators
How much should I save for retirement? 








		
			Calculate
		
	








Life Insurance
Financial securityfor the ones you love most 
Life insurance can help you protect theones you love and give them one less thingto worry about. Some life insurance policiescan also earn cash value that can help toprovide “living benefits.”





Learn More










MassMutual® Direct
Fit your lifeand budget
MassMutual® Direct allows
you to choose which life
insurance works best for
you and there’s no waiting
involved.



		
			Apply Online
		
	










Saving for college?
Get the help you need
Families of different backgrounds value college for different reasons, but agree the cost challenge is stressful.





Learn More






Retirement Video





		
			Watch
		
	














Workplace Solutions
Shaping thefuture at work 
MassMutual’s holistic employee benefits
solutions can help connect the dots 
across the entire benefits landscape and
make the complicated simple – for
employers and employees alike.





Learn More






Solutions for Institutions
Experience the MassMutual difference
Whatever your business, our consultative, customer-focused team delivers tailored solutions to help you meet your financial goals.





Learn More

















Family Values
Better Together
How legally recognized marriage feels to 5 couples –and what it could mean for your finances. 



		
			Watch
		
	





















 





About Us: Corporate Leadership - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout
































Corporate Leadership











Board of Directors


Roger W. Crandall
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company,
Springfield, Massachusetts
Board Committees: Corporate Governance, Executive (Chair) and Investment 


Karen Bechtel
Managing Director, The Carlyle Group, New York, New York
Board Committees: Audit and Investment


Mark T. Bertolini  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Aetna Inc., Hartford, Connecticut
Board Committees: Corporate Governance, Executive and Human Resources (Chair)


Kathleen A. Corbet
Lead Director 
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company,
Springfield, Massachusetts 
Founder and Principal
Cross Ridge Capital, LLC, New Canaan, Connecticut 
Former President 
Standard & Poor’s, New York, New York
Board Committees: Audit, Executive and Investment 


James H. DeGraffenreidt, Jr. 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Retired
WGL Holdings, Inc., Washington, D.C.
Board Committees: Corporate Governance and
Human Resources


Robert A. Essner 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Retired
Wyeth, Madison, New Jersey
Board Committees: Corporate Governance and Human Resources



Isabella D. Goren
Former Chief Financial Officer
American Airlines, Inc. and AMR Corporation, Fort Worth, Texas
Board Committees: Audit and Investment


Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, Boston, Massachusetts
Board Committees: Audit and Investment


Marc F. Racicot 
Former Governor of Montana 
Former President 
American Insurance Association, Washington, D.C.
Board Committees: Corporate Governance (Chair), Executive and Human Resources


Laura J. Sen
Non-Executive Chairman and Former Chief Executive Officer
BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc., Westborough, Massachusetts
Board Committees: Audit and Human Resources


William T. Spitz 
Principal, Co-Founder and Director
Diversified Trust Company, Nashville, Tennessee 
Vice Chancellor for Investments Emeritus 
Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee
Board Committee: Corporate Governance, Executive and Investment (Chair)


H. Todd Stitzer 
Former Chief Executive Officer
Cadbury PLC, London, United Kingdom
Board Committees: Audit (Chair), Executive and Investment 

            




RELATED INFORMATION


Corporate Governance Guidelines (PDF)


Compensation Disclosure Statement (PDF)







Executive Leadership


Roger Crandall
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Susan Cicco
Chief Human Resources & Communications Officer 

Timothy Corbett
Chief Investment Officer

Michael Fanning
Head of MassMutual U.S.

Pia Flanagan
Corporate Secretary and Chief of Staff

Brad Hoffman*
Chief Risk Officer

Michael O’Connor
General Counsel

Mark Roellig
Chief Technology and Administrative Officer

Gareth Ross
Chief Digital and Customer Experience Officer

Elizabeth Ward
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Actuary 


Subsidiary Leadership
Eddie Ahmed
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, MassMutual International 

Tom Finke
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Barings LLC

Art Steinmetz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, OppenheimerFunds
  
*interim
            


 






                    Our leadership believes doing business the right way will help us continue to serve our customers far into the future.
                
Learn More about Governance & Ethics








Connected for Life
 
 
2016 Annual and Corporate Responsibility Report2016 Annual and Corporate Responsibility Report








Close
































About Us – Live Mutual – MassMutual




























MassMutual
Log In
Logout




















Live Mutual
Living mutual has always been at the core of our human existence, and it's the principle that's guided us since our founding in 1851. It's not a concept we invented, but one we champion for the simple reason that people take it for granted today.While the world would have us strive for independence, the truth is when we depend on one another, we aren't just more secure - life is happier and more fulfilling. So as we celebrate our new identity and continued values with our new film, we're reminding everyone that who we are stays the same. 




Important Links
Jump to a Section

Corporate Responsibility
Corporate Leadership
Governance & Ethics
Our Financial Strength
News & Press Releases
Diversity & Inclusion
Our Advisors
Careers at MassMutual









Quick Links
We help hundreds of thousands of businesses and organizations achieve their financial goals. 



 
              Annual & Corporate Responsibility Report
            


              Quality & Performance Brochure
            










Corporate Responsibility

                At MassMutual, corporate responsibility is a fundamental part of
                who we are. Since 1851, we’ve made people a priority, and today,
                that commitment to our policyowners and customers continues. It
                includes our employees and advisors, the communities where we live
                and work, and our environment. For us, it is about doing the right
                thing for the people who matter most.
              
Learn More















Corporate Leadership

              MassMutual is guided by a diverse team of executives, bringing deep
              and varied knowledge to the company’s strategic plans and investment
              decisions. Through their commitment and example these executives set
              and uphold the values that make MassMutual a leading corporate citizen
              in the community at large and a steadfast financial partner for its
              policyowners and customers.
            
Learn More




Chairman, President  & CEO
Roger Crandall










We're here for you



$5B
Benefits delivered to customers in 2016


$560 billion
Life insurance protection in force


9,500
Size of the MassMutual Advisor force










Governance & Ethics

            As an organization, we have a responsibility to our policyowners and
            customers to do business ethically and in compliance with all laws
            and regulations. This philosophy has guided us from the beginning,
            and it’s a fundamental part of our success.
          
Learn More












Our Financial Strength




                  Annual and Corporate Responsibility Report
                




                  Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company Q1 2017
                




                  C.M. Life Insurance Company Q1 2017
                




                  MML Bay State Life Insurance Company Q1 2017
                

View All





News & Press Releases

Most Determined, Least Informed: The Paradox of Chinese American Behavior Towards Children’s College Education Saving and FundingJuly 6, 2017
New MassMutual Study Finds Widespread Worry Among Middle Americans About Politics, Personal FinancesJune 26, 2017
MassMutual’s College Planning and Saving Study Reveals that Culture Drives Unique Motivations and BehaviorsJune 16, 2017
MassMutual Foundation Donates $225,000 to Nonprofit Organizations on Behalf of Local Financial ProfessionalsJune 15, 2017
View All













Diversity & Inclusion








          We believe diversity includes the broadest possible range of cultures,
          backgrounds, experiences and perspectives, while inclusion means creating
          an environment where all people and ideas are valued. Our goal is to
          welcome everyone — customers, employees, suppliers and visitors alike.
        



          Our passion for diversity and inclusion is not only about doing the
          right thing; it also helps us achieve our purpose to help people
          secure their future and protect the ones they love.
        




Learn More









Our Advisors

            We know you have financial goals and aspirations. And when it’s time
            to start your planning, you may need some guidance along the way.
            That’s where MassMutual advisors can help. They have the experience
            and training to understand your needs and objectives, and can connect
            you to the products and solutions that can help you reach your goals.
          
Learn More







Careers with MassMutual

            At MassMutual, we’re passionate about helping millions of people find financial
            freedom. A career with us means you’ll help our customers protect what matters most.
            It also means you’ll work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your
            professional and personal goals. Our employees are at the foundation of what makes
            MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We invite you to explore the
            possibilities.
          
Learn More






















	MassMutual Guaranteed Whole Life Insurance










































Search

















Search








Login



Register























Call Us: 1-800-123-4567Learn about Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance










  Toggle navigation          Instant Quote Tool    Learn More    Watch Video    FAQs    Contact Us    Get Started     

































DISCOVER GUARANTEED ACCEPTANCE LIFE INSURANCE
A way to help cover final expenses that's affordable and easy to get — 
from MassMutual.




















Instant quote tool




Gender:


Male


Female




Age:


50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75




Budget:








Coverage:

$
0







›



CALL TODAY: 
0-000-000-0000





                        First Name
                    


 




                        Last Name
                    


 




                        Email Address
                    


 
 




                        Phone Number
                    


 




                        Select State
                    



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

 




                        Date of Birth
                    





MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12






DD
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31






YYYY
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941





 
 
 




Cancel



›



                    Disclaimer:  By pressing "Submit" above, (1) I consent to
                receive e-mails, telephone calls, text messages, and
                artificial or pre-recorded messages from MassMutual, TZ
                Insurance Solutions LLC, or their respective affiliates and
                their respective licensed agencies and agents (and their
                service provider partners on their behalf), regarding their
                products and services at the email address and telephone
                number provided above, including my wireless number (if
                provided), utilizing an automated telephone dialing
                system and I understand that I am not required to grant
                this consent as a condition of purchasing any property,
                goods, or services from the foregoing companies and that
                I instead may call 1-800-795-9117  and (2) I agree to this
                website's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
                






        We’re sorry, but Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance isn’t currently available in your state.
        

Now, here’s the good news: MassMutual has a variety of life insurance options, and we can help you find one that fits your needs and your budget.
        

        Call 1-800-516-2849 or click here to learn more.
    



        We’re sorry, but Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance is only available for people aged 50 to 75. 
        

Now, here’s the good news: MassMutual has a variety of life insurance options, and we can help you find one that fits your needs and your budget.
        

        Call 1-800-516-2849 or click here to learn more.
    
















 Discover how it can fit your needs and budget. Your monthly rate is based on your age, gender, and how much coverage you select. Use the simple MassMutual instant quote tool to learn how much coverage you may be able to afford. At MassMutual, we have strong financial ratings and a long history of helping people protect what matters most. 
















 MassMutual offers a variety of other life insurance options and coverage amounts to fit your specific needs. For more information on these options call 1-844-383-7218 or click here. For more information on these options call 1-844-383-7218 or click here. 























Discover how comforting it is to know you’ve taken this step to help cover final expenses. Many people age 50 to 75 have used MassMutual Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance to help cover their final expenses. Here’s just one example of how it can help provide peace of mind for you—and protection against financial burden for your family.


























DISCOVER HOW MASSMUTUAL CAN HELP
>160YRS.
How long we’ve been helping people protect what matters most.


AA+
Our Standard & Poor’s financial strength rating. 2
2Standard & Poor’s rating applies to Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries, C.M. Life Insurance Company and MML Bay State Life Insurance Company. Rating is as of 3/20/2017, and subject to change. MassMutual has received other ratings from other rating agencies.
HOW MUCH WILL YOU NEED TO COVER FINAL EXPENSES?
$8,506
Average funeral cost. 1


$10,000+
Amount that 75% of U.S. households spend on end-of-life medical bills. 2


$8,278
Average credit-card debt carried by Americans age 50+. 3
12015 National Funeral Directors Association General Price List Survey.
2“Out-of-Pocket Spending in the Last Five Years of Life,” Journal of General Internal Medicine, 2012.
3“In the Red: Older Americans and Credit Card Debt,” AARP analysis of Demos’ National Survey on Credit Card Debt of Low- and Middle-Income Households, 2013.
DISCOVER HOW MASSMUTUAL CAN HELP
$2,000 - $25,000
How much Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance coverage you can get.


<$10/MO.
Starting point for monthly premiums.1

1Rate for $2,000 coverage for a 50-year-old female. Your rate will depend on your age, gender, and amount of coverage.
WHY DISCOVER GUARANTEED ACCEPTANCE LIFE INSURANCE?
100%
of people will have end-of-life final expenses.


0
No one wants to leave a financial burden.










Coverage is issued by C.M. Life Insurance Company (except in NY), a subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company.






















Why it pays to get Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance. It’s valuable  This coverage is designed to help people age 50 to 75 pay for final expenses such as funeral costs, medical bills, and other debts. It’s affordable  Rates can start at less than $10 a month1, so there’s a policy to fit your needs and budget. Use our easy instant quote tool above to see how much your monthly rate may be. It’s guaranteed  Your coverage is guaranteed throughout the life of the policy. Your premium is guaranteed never to increase, and your coverage is guaranteed never to decrease. It’s easy  Your acceptance is guaranteed, too—there are no medical exams to take, or health questions to answer. Not now, not ever.  Why it pays to get it from MassMutual. For more than 160 years, we’ve been putting our policyholders first. Our financial ratings are among the highest of any company in any industry2. Our quick approval process helps you get the protection you need, when you need it—and benefits are paid quickly and directly to your beneficiaries.






















Discover answers to your questions.
Just as we’ve been for more than 160 years, MassMutual is here to help. These are the things people ask us most often about Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance:

















    faq        This is another category    





Most Recent FAQs




Why do you need Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance?

Without protection to help cover final expenses, these inevitable costs—such as funeral and burial expenses, medical bills, and other debts—could fall upon your loved ones.Final expense coverage gives you peace of mind now, knowing you won’t leave a financial burden—and gives your family financial protection for the future.




How can you afford it?

Rates can start at less than $10 a month1, depending on your age, gender, and the amount of coverage. Use the easy instant quote tool above to get an idea of how much your monthly cost would be for the coverage you need.




How can you qualify if you have health issues?

If you’re age 50 to 75, you can’t be turned down for health reasons. We won’t require you to take a medical exam or answer any health questions—now, or at any time in the future. Just like the name says, your acceptance is guaranteed.




Will your rates or coverage change as you get older, or as your health changes?

No. Your coverage and premium amounts are guaranteed throughout the life of the policy. So your premium will never increase, and your coverage will never decrease. As long as you pay your premiums, your policy is guaranteed for life.




How can you use the money?

Your beneficiaries can use the funds as they see fit, including paying for final expenses. Plus, the policy builds nominal cash value that you can use for a loan or cash withdrawal, should you need it later in life. Please note that the policy's death benefit and cash value will be reduced by the amount of any loans or withdrawals you take.









Top FAQs



How can you use the money?

Will your rates or coverage change as you get older, or as your health changes?

How can you qualify if you have health issues?

How can you afford it?

Why do you need Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance?




Can't find what you're looking for?


Send us your question to get an answer.
Ask Question





























   Still have questions? Feel free to call us at 1-800-804-7015, and a friendly, helpful MassMutual licensed agent can help you determine if Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance is right for you.  











  Discover how Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance can meet your needs and budget.  Instant Quote Tool Instant Quote Tool Instant Quote Tool 










































































Live Mutual | MassMutual




























MassMutual
Log In
Logout

























Two Ways





Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter



									We come into this world needing others.
Then we are told it’s braver to go it alone.
That independence is the way to accomplish.
But there is another way to live.
A way that sees the only path to fulfillment – is through others.
That our time here can be deep beyond measure.
No one who chose interdependence ever found despair.
Because what the world taught as weakness,
Is in fact our greatest virtue.
									





















 





Product/Fund Performance & Regulatory Documents - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout

























 



Product/Fund Performance & Regulatory Documents
Get monthly/quarterly performance, fact sheets, summary prospectuses, prospectuses, and annual/semiannual reports.











Select product or fund type:






Select product or fund type:




Annuities (variable)





MassMutual Transitions Select (SM) II


MassMutual Capital Vantage®


MassMutual Transitions Select (SM) (no longer sold)


MassMutual Evolution (SM) (no longer sold)


MassMutual Artistry


MassMutual RetireEase Select (SM) (no longer sold)


MassMutual Equity Edge (SM) (no longer sold)


Panorama Passage® (no longer sold)


MassMutual Transitions® (no longer sold)


Panorama Premier (no longer sold)


Flex Extra (no longer sold)


Panorama® (no longer sold)


Panorama Plus (no longer sold)


LifeTrust (no longer sold)







Executive Benefits





MassMutual Electrum (SM) (SL18)


Strategic Group Variable Universal Life® II (SGVUL II)


Strategic Group Variable Universal Life® (SGVUL)


Strategic Variable Life® Plus (SL10)


Strategic Variable Life® (SL9)


Large Case Variable Life Plus® (SL6)







Life Insurance (variable)





Variable Universal Life III (VUL III)


VUL Guard (SM)


Survivorship VUL Guard (SM)


Variable Universal Life II (VUL II)


Survivorship Variable Universal Life II (SVUL II)


Variable Universal Life (VUL)


Survivorship Variable Universal Life (SVUL)


Variable Life Select (VLS)


Variable Life Plus (VLP)


Variable Life (VLI)


The Blue Chip Company's Variable Universal Life (BCVUL)







MML Series Investment Fund*





MML Aggressive Allocation Fund


MML American Funds® Core Allocation Fund


MML American Funds® Growth Fund


MML American Funds® International Fund


MML Balanced Allocation Fund


MML Blue Chip Growth Fund


MML Conservative Allocation Fund


MML Equity Income Fund


MML Equity Index Fund


MML Focused Equity Fund


MML Foreign Fund


MML Fundamental Growth Fund


MML Fundamental Value Fund


MML Global Fund


MML Growth Allocation Fund


MML Growth & Income Fund (ClassI)


MML Income & Growth Fund


MML International Equity Fund


MML Large Cap Growth Fund


MML Managed Volatility Fund


MML Mid Cap Growth Fund


MML Mid Cap Value Fund


MML Moderate Allocation Fund


MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund


MML Small Company Value Fund


MML Small/Mid Cap Value Fund


MML Total Return Bond







MML Series Investment Fund II*





MML Asset Momentum Fund


MML Blend Fund


MML Dynamic Bond Fund


MML Equity Fund


MML Equity Rotation Fund


MML High Yield Fund


MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund


MML Managed Bond Fund


MML Short-Duration Bond Fund


MML Small Cap Equity Fund


MML Special Situations Fund


MML Strategic Emerging Markets Fund


MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund







MassMutual Premier Funds**





Premier Balanced Fund


Premier Core Bond Fund


Premier Disciplined Growth Fund


Premier Disciplined Value Fund


Premier Diversified Bond Fund


Premier Global Fund


Premier High Yield Fund


Premier Inflation-Protected and Income Fund


Premier International Equity Fund


Premier Main Street Fund


Premier Short Duration Bond Fund


Premier Small Cap Opportunities Fund


Premier Strategic Emerging Markets Fund


Premier U.S. Government Money Market Fund


Premier Value Fund







MassMutual Select Funds**





MM MSCI EAFE® International Index Fund


MM RetireSMART 2010 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2015 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2020 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2025 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2030 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2035 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2040 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2045 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2050 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2055 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2060 Fund


MM RetireSMART Conservative Fund


MM RetireSMART Growth Fund


MM RetireSMART In Retirement Fund


MM RetireSMART Moderate Fund


MM RetireSMART Moderate Growth Fund


MM Russell 2000® Small Cap Index Fund


MM S&P® 500 Index Fund


MM S&P® Mid Cap Index Fund


Select Blackrock Global Allocation Fund


Select Blue Chip Growth Fund


Select Diversified Value Fund


Select Equity Opportunities Fund


Select Fundamental Growth Fund


Select Fundamental Value Fund


Select Growth Opportunities Fund


Select Large Cap Value Fund


Select Mid Cap Growth Fund


Select Mid Cap Value Fund


Select Overseas Fund


Select Small Cap Growth Equity Fund


Select Small Cap Value Equity Fund


Select Small Company Growth Fund


Select Small Company Value Fund


Select Strategic Bond Fund


Select Total Return Bond Fund







MassMutual IRA 














View information on our Electronic Delivery Program



Looking for retirement plan (i.e., 401k) performance? Log in to RetireSmartSM 






Related Information



Holdings within funds in MML Series Investment Fund and MML Series Investment Fund II (PDF)


Holdings for the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds (PDF)


Proxy voting record for holdings within funds in MML Series Investment Fund and MML Series Investment Fund II


Proxy voting record for the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds


MassMutual Select Funds Information Statement (PDF)


Portfolio Holdings Disclosures for the MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (PDF)


Portfolio Holdings Disclosures for the MassMutual Premier U.S. Government Money Market Fund (PDF)


Statistical Information for the MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund


Statistical Information for the MassMutual Premier U.S. Government Money Market Fund


Provision of Financial Support to MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (PDF)


Information regarding reduced sales charges for Class A shares of the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds (PDF)


Compensation Arrangements









Please call 1-888-309-3539 or email fundinfo@massmutual.com to report problems accessing the underlying fund summary prospectuses, prospectuses, and annual/semiannual reports (“disclosure documents”), problems with saving or printing these online disclosure documents, and/or any other technological issues that may arise related to viewing the online fund disclosure documents.
* These funds are underlying funds of MassMutual's variable life and variable annuity products and are not available for retail sale.
** These funds are only available for sale to retirement plans and other eligible institutional investors. They are not available for retail sale. To obtain the most recent quarterly Due Diligence Report or other information available for any of the MassMutual Premier and MassMutual Select Funds, please contact RS Investment Performance and Reporting.
Sales of all variable annuity and variable life insurance products must be preceded or accompanied by the current prospectuses for the products and their investment choices, which contain more information on charges, expenses, risks, and investment objectives. Please read them carefully before you invest or send money. These prospectuses are available through the above links. Contact your registered representative if you have any questions.
Insurance products issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) (Springfield, MA 01111-0001) and its subsidiaries, C.M. Life Insurance Company and MML Bay State Life Insurance Company (Enfield, CT 06082).
Principal Underwriters: MML Distributors, LLC (MMLD) and MML Investors Services, LLC (MMLIS), Members SIPC® (www.SIPC.org), and MML Strategic Distributors, LLC (MSD). MMLD, MMLIS and MSD, all Members FINRA (www.FINRA.org), are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.











Close
















 





MassMutual Artistry - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
MassMutual Artistry










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





AIM Variable Insurance Funds (Invesco Variable Insurance Funds)




Invesco V.I. Diversified Dividend Fund (Series I) 

Invesco V.I. Global Health Care Fund (Series I) 

Invesco V.I. Technology Fund (Series I) 



Fidelity® Variable Insurance Products Fund




Fidelity® VIP Contrafund® Portfolio (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund




MML Aggressive Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML American Funds® Core Allocation Fund (Service Class I) 

MML American Funds® Growth Fund (Service Class I) 

MML American Funds® International Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Balanced Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Conservative Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Income Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Index Fund (Class I) 

MML Focused Equity Fund (Service Class I) 

 - MML Focused Equity Fund Information Statement (PDF) 

MML Foreign Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Fundamental Growth Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Fundamental Value Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Global Fund (Class I) 

MML Growth Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Growth and Income Fund - Class I 

MML Income & Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML International Equity Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Volatility Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Mid Cap Value Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Moderate Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small/Mid Cap Value Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small Company Value Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Total Return Bond Fund (Service Class I) 



MML Series Investment Fund II




MML Blend Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML High Yield Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Inflation-Protected & Income Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Small Cap Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Strategic Emerging Markets Fund (Service Class I) 

MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (Initial Class) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Multi-Alternatives Fund/VA (Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Strategic Income Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer International Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 



PIMCO Variable Insurance Trust




PIMCO CommodityRealReturn® Strategy Portfolio (Advisor Class) 



Voya Investors Trust




VY® Clarion Global Real Estate Portfolio (Class S) 













Product Prospectus for New York State (PDF)


Product Prospectus for all other states (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)


Product Specifications (PDF)


Underlying Fund Fee Table (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 272-2216 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after April 30, 2012. For contracts issued prior to April 30, 2012, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after January 19, 2008.
Before purchasing a MassMutual variable annuity, you should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the annuity. For this and other information, obtain the prospectus for the annuity from your registered representative. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money. You may also obtain the prospectuses (or summary prospectuses, if available) for the annuity’s underlying investment choices from your registered representative.
MassMutual Artistry (Contract form number MUVA94) is a variable annuity issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Springfield, MA 01111 in New York, and by C.M. Life Insurance Company, Enfield, CT 06082 in all other states. C.M. Life Insurance Company is a subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company.
Principal Underwriters: MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services, Members FINRA and SIPC (www.FINRA.org and www.SIPC.org) MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close
















 





MassMutual IRA - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
MassMutual IRA











Fund Fact Sheets




MM RetireSMART 2010 Fund (Multi-managed) MRXAX 

MM RetireSMART 2015 Fund (Multi-managed) MMJAX 

MM RetireSMART 2020 Fund (Multi-managed) MRTAX 

MM RetireSMART 2025 Fund (Multi-managed) MMSDX 

MM RetireSMART 2030 Fund (Multi-managed) MRYAX 

MM RetireSMART 2035 Fund (Multi-managed) MMXAX 

MM RetireSMART 2040 Fund (Multi-managed) MRFAX 

MM RetireSMART 2045 Fund (Multi-managed) MMKAX 

MM RetireSMART 2050 Fund (Multi-managed) MMARX 

MM RetireSMART in Retirement Fund (Multi-managed) MRDAX 

MM S&P 500 Index Fund (Northern Trust) MIEAX 

Premier Balanced Fund (Babson Capital) MMBDX 

Premier Core Bond Fund (Babson Capital) MMCBX 

Premier Disciplined Growth Fund (Babson Capital) MPGAX 

Premier Disciplined Value Fund (Babson Capital) MEPAX 

Premier Diversified Bond Fund (Babson Capital) MDVAX 

Premier Global Fund (OFI) MGFAX 

Premier High Yield Fund (Babson Capital) MPHAX 

Premier Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital) MPSAX 

Premier International Equity Fund (OFI Institutional) MMIAX 

Premier Main Street Fund (OFI Institutional) MSSAX 

Premier Money Market Fund (Babson Capital) MKSXX 

Premier Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital) MSHAX 

Premier Small Cap Opportunities Fund (OFI Institutional) DLBMX 

Premier Strategic Emerging Markets Fund (Baring) MPASX 

Premier Value Fund (OFI Institutional) MCEAX 

Select BlackRock Global Allocation Fund (BlackRock) MGJAX 

Select Diversified Value Fund (LoomisSayles/Brandywine) MDDAX 

Select Focused Value Fund (Harris) MFVAX 

Select Fundamental Growth Fund (Wellington) MOTAX 

Select Fundamental Value Fund (Wellington) MFUAX 

Select Growth Opportunities Fund (Sands/Delaware) MMAAX 

Select Large Cap Value Fund (BarrowHanley/Huber Capital Management) MMLAX 

Select Mid-Cap Value Fund (NFJ/Systematic) MLUAX 

Select Mid Cap Growth II Fund (T.Rowe Price/Frontier) MEFAX 

Select Overseas Fund (MFS/Harris/JPMorgan) MOSAX 

Select Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Waddell & Reed/Wellington/Timberline) MMGEX 

Select Small Cap Value Equity Fund (Wellington/BarrowHanley) MMQAX 

Select Small Company Growth Fund (BostonCo./Eagle) MRWAX 

Select Small Company Value Fund (Clover/TRP/Invesco) MMYAX 

Select Strategic Bond Fund (Western Asset) MSBAX 

Select Total Return Bond Fund (MetWest) MSPGX 

Select TRP/LS Blue Chip Growth Fund (T.Rowe Price/Loomis Sayles) MBCGX 













MassMutual Premier Fund Prospectus (PDF)


MassMutual RetireSMART Fund Prospectus (PDF)


MassMutual Select Fund Prospectus (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)


Quarterly Performance (PDF)











Before investing in any of the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. The fund's prospectus contains this and other information about the fund. You may obtain the prospectuses by calling a MassMutual IRA Specialist at 1-877-747-6277. Read the propectuses (Premier and Select) carefully before investing.
The Fund Fact Sheets above include portfolio statistics and other fund information. Performance reflected on the Fact Sheets is not adjusted for Sales Charges. Please see the Monthly Performance and Quarterly Performance links above to view the performance with and without Sales Charges.
The MassMutual IRA is administered by National Financial Services, LLC as part of their Premiere Select Program. National Financial Services, LLC is not affiliated with MassMutual, MML Distributors, LLC or MML Investors Services, Inc. MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds are distributed by MML Distributors, LLC, 100 Bright Meadow Blvd., Enfield, CT 06082. Investments in the MassMutual IRA purchase Class A shares of the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds. The MassMutual IRA is offered through registered representatives of MML Investors Services, Inc., 1295 State Street, Springfield MA 01111.
The MassMutual IRA should not be considered as a complete retirement solution. When planning for retirement, you should also think about factors, such as your total assets, your income needs, life insurance and health insurance needs, as well as planning for emergencies. Before investing in the MassMutual IRA, please be sure to determine whether rolling over your IRA asset is appropriate for you by considering several factors such as, your objectives, time horizon, risk tolerance, retirement needs, and income needs. Your MassMutual IRA value will fluctuate based on market performance, and when redeemed, may be worth less than the original cost.
Insurance products issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.
 
Securities offered through MML Investors Services, Inc., 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001, (800) 542-6767. Member FINRA (www.finra.org) and SiPC (www.sipc.org).











Close
















 





VUL GuardSM* - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
VUL GuardSM










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





AIM Variable Insurance Funds (Invesco Variable Insurance Funds)




Invesco V.I. Diversified Dividend Fund (Series I) 

Invesco V.I. Global Health Care Fund (Series I) 

Invesco V.I. Technology Fund (Series I) 



American Century Variable Portfolios, Inc.




American Century VP Income & Growth Fund (Class I) 

American Century VP Value Fund (Class I) 



American Funds Insurance Series®




American Funds Insurance Series® Asset Allocation Fund (Class 2) 

American Funds Insurance Series® Growth-Income Fund (Class 2) 



Deutsche Investments VIT Funds




Deutsche Small Cap Index VIP (Class A) 



Fidelity® Variable Insurance Products Fund




Fidelity® VIP Contrafund® Portfolio (Initial Class) 



Franklin Templeton Variable Insurance Products Trust




Franklin Small Cap Value VIP Fund (Class 2) 

Templeton Foreign VIP Fund - (Class 2) 



Goldman Sachs Variable Insurance Trust




Goldman Sachs Strategic Growth Fund (Institutional) 



Janus Aspen Series




Janus Aspen Balanced Portfolio (Service) 

Janus Aspen Forty Portfolio (Service) 

Janus Aspen Global Research Portfolio (Service) 



MFS® Variable Insurance Trust




MFS® Investors Trust Series (Initial Class) 

MFS® New Discovery Series (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund




MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Index Fund (Class II) 

MML Managed Volatility Value Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund II




MML Blend Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Inflation-Protected & Income Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small Cap Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (Initial Class) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Strategic Income Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer International Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 



T. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc.




T Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Portfolio 

T Rowe Price Equity Income Portfolio 

T Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Portfolio* 













Annual Audited Financial Statements (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 272-2216 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









We no longer offer these policies for sale to the public. Policy owners may continue, however, to make premium payments to their policies.
1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA formerly known as Oppenheimer Core Bond Fund/VA.

The T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Portfolio is not available as an investment choice for policies issued on May 1, 2004 or later.
Sales of all variable life insurance products must be preceded or accompanied by the current prospectuses for the products and their investment choices, which contain more information on charges, expenses, risks, and investment objectives. Please read them carefully before you invest or send money. These prospectuses are available through the above links. Contact your registered representative if you have any questions.
VUL GuardSM (Policy Form P3-2003 in most states and P3-2003(NC) in North Carolina) is an individual, participating, flexible premium, adjustable, variable life insurance policy. Dividends are not expected to be paid. VUL GuardSM was issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), Springfield, MA 01111-0001. We no longer offer this policy for sale to the public. Policy owners may continue, however, to make premium payments to their policies.
Principal Underwriters: MML Investors Services, LLC (MMLIS), Member SIPC® (www.SIPC.org), and MML Strategic Distributors, LLC (MSD). MMLIS and MSD, both Members FINRA (www.FINRA.org) are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close
















 





LifeTrust - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
LifeTrust










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





MML Series Investment Fund II




MML Blend Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Initial Class) 

MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (Initial Class) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Strategic Income Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Small Cap Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 













Annual Audited Financial Statements - New York Only (PDF)


Annual Audited Financial Statements for all other states (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 272-2216 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









We no longer offer these contracts for sale to the public. Contract owners may continue, however, to make purchase payments to their contract.
1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after May 1, 2009. For contracts issued prior to May 1, 2009, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after January 19, 2008.
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA formerly known as Oppenheimer Core Bond Fund/VA.
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after May 1, 2009. For contracts issued prior to May 1, 2009, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Before purchasing a MassMutual variable annuity, you should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the annuity. For this and other information, obtain the prospectus for the annuity from your registered representative. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money. You may also obtain the prospectuses (or summary prospectuses, if available) for the annuity’s underlying investment choices from your registered representative.
LifeTrust [Contract Form # B980-9400; B980-NC-9400 (NC)][w/fixed account & market value adjustment:Contract Form #: B990-9400; B990-NC- 9400 (NC)] is a variable annuity contract and was issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company in CA, CT, MA, ME, NY, TX, and VA, and by MML Bay State Life Insurance Company in all other states. MML Bay State Life Insurance Company, Enfield, CT 06082 is a subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Springfield, MA 01111.
Principal Underwriters: MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services, Members FINRA and SIPC (www.FINRA.org and www.SIPC.org) MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close
















 





Panorama® - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
Panorama®










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





MML Series Investment Fund




MML Equity Index Fund (Class I) 



MML Series Investment Fund II




MML High Yield Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Service Class) 

MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Small Cap Equity Fund (Initial Class) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 













Annual Audited Financial Statements (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 272-2216 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









We no longer offer these contracts for sale to the public. Contract owners may continue, however, to make purchase payments to their contract.
1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after May 1, 2009. For contracts issued prior to May 1, 2009, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA formerly known as Oppenheimer Core Bond Fund/VA.
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after May 1, 2009. For contracts issued prior to May 1, 2009, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Before purchasing a MassMutual variable annuity, you should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the annuity. For this and other information, obtain the prospectus for the annuity from your registered representative. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money. You may also obtain the prospectuses (or summary prospectuses, if available) for the annuity’s underlying investment choices from your registered representative.
Panorama® (Contract form number P81-106A) is a variable annuity and was issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Springfield, MA 01111.
Principal Underwriters: MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services, Members FINRA and SIPC (www.FINRA.org and www.SIPC.org) MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close
















 





Strategic Variable Life®* - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
Strategic Variable Life®










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





American Century Variable Portfolios, Inc.




American Century VP Income & Growth Fund (Class I) 

American Century VP Value Fund (Class I) 



Goldman Sachs Variable Insurance Trust




Goldman Sachs Large Cap Value Fund (Institutional) 

Goldman Sachs Mid Cap Value Fund (Institutional) 

Goldman Sachs Strategic Growth Fund (Institutional) 

Goldman Sachs U.S. Equity Insights Fund  (Institutional) 



Janus Aspen Series




Janus Aspen Forty Portfolio (Institutional) 

Janus Aspen Global Research Portfolio (Institutional) 



MFS® Variable Insurance Trust




MFS® Growth Series (Initial Class) 

MFS® New Discovery Series (Initial Class) 

MFS® Research Series (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund




MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Index Fund (Class II) 

MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund II




MML Blend Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Initial Class) 

MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (Initial Class) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Strategic Income Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer International Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Small Cap Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 



T. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc.




T Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Portfolio* 

T Rowe Price New America Growth Portfolio 













Annual Audited Financial Statements (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 548-0073 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









We no longer offer these policies for sale to the public. Policy owners may continue, however, to make premium payments to their policies.
1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA formerly known as Oppenheimer Core Bond Fund/VA.
The T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Portfolio is not available as an investment choice for policies issued on May 1, 2004 or later.
Sales of all variable life insurance products must be preceded or accompanied by the current prospectuses for the products and their investment choices, which contain more information on charges, expenses, risks, and investment objectives. Please read them carefully before you invest or send money. These prospectuses are available through the above links. Contact your registered representative if you have any questions.
Strategic Variable Life® (Policy Form SL9-9400 in most states and SL9-NC-9400 in North Carolina) is participating, flexible premium, variable, whole life insurance. Dividends are not expected to be paid. Strategic Variable Life was issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), Springfield, MA 01111-0001. We no longer offer this policy for sale to the public. Policy owners may continue, however, to make premium payments to their policies.
Principal Underwriters: MML Distributors, LLC (MMLD) and MML Investors Services, LLC, (MMLIS), Members FINRA (www.FINRA.org) and SIPC (www.SIPC.org). MMLD and MMLIS are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close















MassMutual Funds - Product Offerings, Performance & Investor Resources

































 MassMutual Financial Group MassMutual Funds HOME 








  


  


  







 Why Massmutual Funds: 

Multi-managed approach with specialized portfolio management by some of the best managers from across the industry. Managers are acknowledged experts in their investment styles. We offer unique products and manager combinations including award-winning funds and strategies you can't get anywhere else. 





 Why Massmutual: 

The MassMutual Funds are advised by MML Investment Advisers, LLC and sponsored by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company — a mutual insurance company with a 160-year history of service excellence and financial strength ratings among the highest for any company. MassMutual is one of the top 50 asset managers in the world (P& I, 2014), thanks to the more than $600 billion in assets managed by its various asset management affiliates. In keeping with our heritage, MML Investment Advisers, LLC executes a disciplined long-term growth strategy rather than a short-term approach.






 Why subadvised: 

Large manager universe with access to full spectrum of retail, institutional, and boutique managers. Due diligence through our manager-of-manager approach offers a built-in layer of ongoing oversight and reporting. Decision power that we are able to add or remove managers with greater objectivity, less disruption. Additional managers can increase capacity for closed strategies.






These funds are only available for sale to retirement plans and other eligible institutional investors. They are not available for sale to individual retail investors





﻿






























Mass Mutual Financial Group
Mass Mutual Funds
HOME






OUR FUNDS
Premier, Select, and MM RetireSMARTSM Funds*






Fund Types

US Equity

Premier Disciplined Growth Fund
Premier Disciplined Value Fund
Premier Main Street Fund
Premier Small Cap Opportunities Fund
Premier Value Fund
Select Blue Chip Growth Fund
Select Diversified Value Fund
Select Equity Opportunities
Select Fundamental Growth Fund
Select Fundamental Value Fund


Select Growth Opportunities Fund
Select Large Cap Value Fund
Select Mid Cap Growth Fund
Select Mid Cap Value Fund
Select Small Cap Growth Equity Fund
Select Small Cap Value Equity Fund
Select Small Company Value Fund
MM Russell 2000® Small Cap Index Fund
MM S&P 500® Index Fund
MM S&P® Mid Cap Index Fund



Global / InternationalEquity

Premier Global Fund
Premier International Equity Fund
Premier Strategic Emerging Markets Fund


Select Overseas Fund
MM MSCI EAFE® International Index Fund



Asset Allocation

Premier Balanced Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2010 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2015 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2020 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2025 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2030 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2035 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2040 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2045 Fund


MM RetireSMARTSM 2050 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2055 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM 2060 Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM Conservative Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM Growth Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM In Retirement Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM Moderate Fund
MM RetireSMARTSM Moderate Growth Fund
Select BlackRock Global Allocation Fund



Taxable Fixed Income

Premier Core Bond Fund
Premier Diversified Bond Fund
Premier High Yield Fund
Premier Inflation-Protected and Income Fund


Premier Short-Duration Bond Fund
Select Strategic Bond Fund
Select Total Return Fund



Money Market

Premier U.S. Government Money Market Fund




*These funds are only available for sale to retirement plans and other eligible institutional investors. They are not available for sale to individual retail investors




﻿






























Mass Mutual Financial Group
Mass Mutual Funds
HOME






INVESTOR RESOURCES
Premier, Select, and MM RetireSMARTSM Funds




Investor Insights
Additional Information




Investor Insights




Quarterly Market Overview
Watch Video




Weekly Market Overview
Download


Monthly Market Overview
Download


Portfolio Manager Market Views
Download


MassMutual Funds: Built for Retirement Investing
Download


Quarterly Market Review
Download





Additional Information

Proxy Voting Record for the MassMutual Premier & Select Funds
Download


Information regarding reduced sales charges for Class A shares of the MassMutual Premier & Select Funds
Download


MassMutual Select Information Statement 06/12/2017
Download





﻿



MassMutual Premier, Select, and RetireSMART Funds


























Mass Mutual Financial Group
Mass Mutual Funds
HOME






FUND DOCUMENTS
Premier, Select, and MM RetireSMARTSM Funds






FUND DOCUMENTS


Fund Name
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
Statement of Additional Information


MM MSCI EAFE® International Index Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM Russell 2000® Small Cap Index Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM S&P 500® Index Fund 
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM S&P® Mid Cap Index Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Balanced Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Core Bond Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Disciplined Growth Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Disciplined Value Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Diversified Bond Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Global Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier High Yield Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Inflation-Protected and Income Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier International Equity Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Main Street Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier U.S. Government Money Market Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Short-Duration Bond Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Small Cap Opportunities Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Strategic Emerging Markets Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Premier Value Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2010 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2015 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2020 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2025 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2030 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2035 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2040 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2045 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2050 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM 2055 Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM Conservative Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM Growth Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM In Retirement Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM Moderate Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


MM RetireSMARTSM Moderate Growth Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Blue Chip Growth Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Diversified Value Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Equity Opportunities
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Fundamental Growth Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Fundamental Value Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select BlackRock Global Allocation Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Growth Opportunities Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Large Cap Value Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Mid Cap Growth Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Mid Cap Value Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Overseas Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Small Cap Growth Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Small Cap Value Equity Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Small Company Growth Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Small Company Value Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Strategic Bond Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI


Select Total Return Fund
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report
SAI











 





MassMutual IRA - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
MassMutual IRA











Fund Fact Sheets




MM RetireSMART 2010 Fund (Multi-managed) MRXAX 

MM RetireSMART 2015 Fund (Multi-managed) MMJAX 

MM RetireSMART 2020 Fund (Multi-managed) MRTAX 

MM RetireSMART 2025 Fund (Multi-managed) MMSDX 

MM RetireSMART 2030 Fund (Multi-managed) MRYAX 

MM RetireSMART 2035 Fund (Multi-managed) MMXAX 

MM RetireSMART 2040 Fund (Multi-managed) MRFAX 

MM RetireSMART 2045 Fund (Multi-managed) MMKAX 

MM RetireSMART 2050 Fund (Multi-managed) MMARX 

MM RetireSMART in Retirement Fund (Multi-managed) MRDAX 

MM S&P 500 Index Fund (Northern Trust) MIEAX 

Premier Balanced Fund (Babson Capital) MMBDX 

Premier Core Bond Fund (Babson Capital) MMCBX 

Premier Disciplined Growth Fund (Babson Capital) MPGAX 

Premier Disciplined Value Fund (Babson Capital) MEPAX 

Premier Diversified Bond Fund (Babson Capital) MDVAX 

Premier Global Fund (OFI) MGFAX 

Premier High Yield Fund (Babson Capital) MPHAX 

Premier Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital) MPSAX 

Premier International Equity Fund (OFI Institutional) MMIAX 

Premier Main Street Fund (OFI Institutional) MSSAX 

Premier Money Market Fund (Babson Capital) MKSXX 

Premier Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital) MSHAX 

Premier Small Cap Opportunities Fund (OFI Institutional) DLBMX 

Premier Strategic Emerging Markets Fund (Baring) MPASX 

Premier Value Fund (OFI Institutional) MCEAX 

Select BlackRock Global Allocation Fund (BlackRock) MGJAX 

Select Diversified Value Fund (LoomisSayles/Brandywine) MDDAX 

Select Focused Value Fund (Harris) MFVAX 

Select Fundamental Growth Fund (Wellington) MOTAX 

Select Fundamental Value Fund (Wellington) MFUAX 

Select Growth Opportunities Fund (Sands/Delaware) MMAAX 

Select Large Cap Value Fund (BarrowHanley/Huber Capital Management) MMLAX 

Select Mid-Cap Value Fund (NFJ/Systematic) MLUAX 

Select Mid Cap Growth II Fund (T.Rowe Price/Frontier) MEFAX 

Select Overseas Fund (MFS/Harris/JPMorgan) MOSAX 

Select Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Waddell & Reed/Wellington/Timberline) MMGEX 

Select Small Cap Value Equity Fund (Wellington/BarrowHanley) MMQAX 

Select Small Company Growth Fund (BostonCo./Eagle) MRWAX 

Select Small Company Value Fund (Clover/TRP/Invesco) MMYAX 

Select Strategic Bond Fund (Western Asset) MSBAX 

Select Total Return Bond Fund (MetWest) MSPGX 

Select TRP/LS Blue Chip Growth Fund (T.Rowe Price/Loomis Sayles) MBCGX 













MassMutual Premier Fund Prospectus (PDF)


MassMutual RetireSMART Fund Prospectus (PDF)


MassMutual Select Fund Prospectus (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)


Quarterly Performance (PDF)











Before investing in any of the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. The fund's prospectus contains this and other information about the fund. You may obtain the prospectuses by calling a MassMutual IRA Specialist at 1-877-747-6277. Read the propectuses (Premier and Select) carefully before investing.
The Fund Fact Sheets above include portfolio statistics and other fund information. Performance reflected on the Fact Sheets is not adjusted for Sales Charges. Please see the Monthly Performance and Quarterly Performance links above to view the performance with and without Sales Charges.
The MassMutual IRA is administered by National Financial Services, LLC as part of their Premiere Select Program. National Financial Services, LLC is not affiliated with MassMutual, MML Distributors, LLC or MML Investors Services, Inc. MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds are distributed by MML Distributors, LLC, 100 Bright Meadow Blvd., Enfield, CT 06082. Investments in the MassMutual IRA purchase Class A shares of the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds. The MassMutual IRA is offered through registered representatives of MML Investors Services, Inc., 1295 State Street, Springfield MA 01111.
The MassMutual IRA should not be considered as a complete retirement solution. When planning for retirement, you should also think about factors, such as your total assets, your income needs, life insurance and health insurance needs, as well as planning for emergencies. Before investing in the MassMutual IRA, please be sure to determine whether rolling over your IRA asset is appropriate for you by considering several factors such as, your objectives, time horizon, risk tolerance, retirement needs, and income needs. Your MassMutual IRA value will fluctuate based on market performance, and when redeemed, may be worth less than the original cost.
Insurance products issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.
 
Securities offered through MML Investors Services, Inc., 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001, (800) 542-6767. Member FINRA (www.finra.org) and SiPC (www.sipc.org).











Close













MassMutual Premier Funds - MassMutual Premier International Equity Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 1:40 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of MassMutual Premier Funds - MassMutual Premier International Equity Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
MassMutual Premier Funds - MassMutual Premier International Equity Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company. The fund is co-managed by MML Investment Advisers, LLC and OFI Global Institutional, Inc. It invests in public equity markets of countries across the globe excluding the United States. The fund invests in companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in growth stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund employs a fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach with a focus on factors such as company’s financial statements and management structure and consideration of the company’s ope...
MassMutual Premier Funds - MassMutual Premier International Equity Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company. The fund is co-managed by MML Investment Advisers, LLC and OFI Global Institutional, Inc. It invests in public equity markets of countries across the globe excluding the United States. The fund invests in companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in growth stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund employs a fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach with a focus on factors such as company’s financial statements and management structure and consideration of the company’s operations, product development, and industry position, companies that enjoy a strong competitive position and high demand for their products or services, companies with accelerating earnings growth and cash flow and diversity among companies, industries and countries to help reduce the risks of foreign investing, such as currency fluctuations and stock market volatility, the effect of worldwide trends on the growth of particular business sectors and looks for companies that may benefit from those trends including mass affluence, new technologies, restructuring, and aging to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI ACWI ex US. The fund was formerly known as MassMutual Premier Funds - MassMutual International Equity Fund. MassMutual Premier Funds - MassMutual Premier International Equity Fund was formed on January 1, 1998 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


,  United StatesFounded in 1998










Key Executives for MassMutual Premier Funds - MassMutual Premier International Equity Fund




Mr. George R. Evans CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Jonathan Greenhill


      	Equity Investment Manager and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Robert B. Dunphy CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 37
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MassMutual Premier Funds - MassMutual Premier International Equity Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























MassMutual Premier Funds: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























massmutual premier funds
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Insurance
Sub-Industry: Insurance Services & Other
Massmutual Premier Funds is an insurance firm. The Company offers services to individuals, families, and businesses.




Corporate Information
Address:

1295 State Street
Springfield, MA 01111
United States


Phone:
1-413-744-8411


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.massmutual.com





Board Members




Trustee
Company




























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































List of All MassMutual Funds
















Welcome!













Company Site
Log In


Subscribe
Register




 















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEFs
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 

















        All MassMutual Funds
      



Search By

Fund Family



              Data Question
            

 Go










            All MassMutual Funds
              






MassMutual Premier Balanced R5
 
MassMutual Premier Core Bond R5


MassMutual Premier Disciplined Gr Svc
 
MassMutual Premier Disciplined Value Svc


MassMutual Premier Diversified Bond R5
 
MassMutual Premier Global R5


MassMutual Premier High Yield Svc
 
MassMutual Premier Infl-Prot and Inc R5


MassMutual Premier International Eq R5
 
MassMutual Premier Main Street R5













MassMutual Premier Short-Duration Bd R5
 
MassMutual Premier Small Cap Opps A


MassMutual Premier Strat Emerg Mkts R5
 
MassMutual Premier Value Adm


MassMutual RetireSMART 2010 Service
 
MassMutual RetireSMART 2015 Service


MassMutual RetireSMART 2020 Service
 
MassMutual RetireSMART 2025 Service


MassMutual RetireSMART 2030 Service
 
MassMutual RetireSMART 2035 Adm













MassMutual RetireSMART 2040 Service
 
MassMutual RetireSMART 2045 Adm


MassMutual RetireSMART 2050 Service
 
MassMutual RetireSMART 2055 Service


MassMutual RetireSMART 2060 I
 
MassMutual RetireSMART Cnsrv R5


MassMutual RetireSMART Growth Svc
 
MassMutual RetireSMART In Retirement Svc


MassMutual RetireSMART Moderate Gr R5
 
MassMutual RetireSMART Moderate R5













MassMutual Select BlackRock Glb Allc R5
 
MassMutual Select Blue Chip Growth R5


MassMutual Select Diversified Value R5
 
MassMutual Select Equity Opports R5


MassMutual Select Fundamental Growth R5
 
MassMutual Select Fundamental Value R5


MassMutual Select Growth Opps R5
 
MassMutual Select Large Cap Value R5


MassMutual Select Mid Cap Growth R5
 
MassMutual Select Mid-Cap Value R5













MassMutual Select Overseas Adm
 
MassMutual Select Small Cap Gr Eq R5


MassMutual Select Small Cap Val Eq R5
 
MassMutual Select Small Company Val Svc


MassMutual Select Strategic Bond R5
 
MassMutual Select Total Return Bond I


MM MSCI EAFE® International Index I
 
MM Russell 2000® Small Cap Index I


MM S&P 500® Index Svc
 
MM S&P® Mid Cap Index I













MM Select Bond and Income Asset I
 
MM Select Equity Asset I












Show Data Definitions  |  Feedback  |  Order Reprints | Ticker Lookup














MassMutual Family
          
All Funds from Family
MassMutual Data Pages
                



                  Analyst Rated Family Funds
                



            Analyst Favorites and Tools
          

              Premium Fund Screener
            
Fund Favorites & Red Flags

              ETF Analyst Favorites
            

              ETF Valuations
            
Premium Stock Screener


Fund Stewardship Reports

                  All Fund Family Data
                

              ETF Screener
            

              Stock Analyst Reports
            

              Stock Star Rating Changes
            



            Morningstar Archives
          
Morningstar Articles
Morningstar Videos
Market Newswires
Perspectives



              Stocks
              Analyst Notes
            

              Fund Analyst Reports
            

              ETF Analyst Reports
            
Most Popular




Sponsor Center






















Content Partners
            	







Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 


 


 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers
Company News





International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland
India
Finland 






Stocks by:
            Name|
Ticker|
Star Rating|
Market Cap|
Stock Type|
Sector|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating|
Investment Style|
Total Assets|
Category|
Top Holdings|
Top Sectors|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating|
Category|
Total Assets|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Articles by:
            Title|
Date|
Author|
Collection|
Interest|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic|
Sector|
Key Indicators|
User Interest|
Market Cap|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name|
Ticker|
Star Rating|
Market Cap|
Stock Type|
Sector|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating|
Investment Style|
Total Assets|
Category|
Top Holdings|
Top Sectors|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating|
Category|
Total Assets|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title|
Date|
Author|
Collection|
Interest|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic|
Sector|
Key Indicators|
User Interest|
Market Cap|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
















Disclaimer


























HomeAbout UsPrepareLoginContact UsSite Map中文




Important Information 






The “Global Series” and “Premier-Choice Series” investment-linked insurance products, “FLEXI-Series” investment-linked insurance products, “Capital InvestPlan” and “Capital Flexi InvestPlan” issued by MassMutual Asia Ltd. (the “Company”) are life insurance policies. Your investments are subject to the credit risks of the Company. The “Global Series” includes Global InvestPlan and Global InvestPlus. The “Premier-Choice Series” includes Premier-Choice ULife InvestPlan, Premier-Choice Flexi, Premier-Choice Flexi Plus, Premier-Choice InvestPlan and Premier-Choice PLUS InvestPlan. The "FLEXI-Series" includes FLEXI-Annuity Investment Plan, FLEXI-Education InvestPlan and FLEXI-Invest Insurance Plan. However, “Premier-Choice Series”, "FLEXI-Series" and “Capital Flexi InvestPlan” are not available to new policy application and are not marketed to the public.   

All premiums you pay towards your policy will become and remain the assets of the Company. You do not have any rights or ownership over any of those assets. Your recourse is against the Company only. 

Early surrender or withdrawal of the policy/ suspension of premium or reduction in premium/basic sum insured (if applicable) may result in a significant loss of the principal and the bonuses awarded. Poor performance of underlying funds/assets may further magnify your investment losses, while all charges are still deductible (if any). 

Although your policy is a life insurance policy, because part of the death benefit is linked to the performance of the underlying funds of your selected investment choices from time to time, your death benefit is subject to investment risks and market fluctuations. The death benefit payable may be significantly less than your premiums paid and may not be sufficient for your individual needs. 

More importantly, you should be aware of the following regarding your death benefit and the cost of insurance (“insurance charges”) (applicable to “Global Series” investment-linked insurance products and Premier-Choice ULife InvestPlan): －Part of the fees and charges you pay that will be deducted from the value of your policy will be used to cover the insurance charges for the life coverage and any additional coverage you may choose. －The insurance charges will reduce the amount that may be applied towards investment in the underlying funds/assets linked to your selected investment choices. －The insurance charges may increase significantly during the term of your policy due to factors such as the insured’s age and investment losses, etc. This may result in significant or even total loss of your premiums paid. －If the value of your policy becomes insufficient to cover all the ongoing fees and charges, including the insurance charges, your policy may be terminated early and you could lose all your premiums paid and benefits. －You should consult your intermediary for details, such as how the charges may increase and could impact the value of your policy. 
The investment choices available under the products can have very different features and risk profiles. Some may be of high risk. 
Investment involves risks. Your policy value and thus your return are calculated by the Company in good faith with reference to the performance of the underlying fund(s)/assets from time to time and the policy charges which will continue to be deducted from your policy. The return under the policy as a whole may be lower than the return of the underlying funds linked to your selected investment choices, due to the various fees and charges levied by the Company on your policy. Past performance is not indicative of future performance.   

Please do not rely on this material alone. You should read this in conjunction with the offering documents (consisting of the “Product Key Facts and Product Brochure” and the “Investment Choice Brochure”) of the relevant products and the offering documents of the respective underlying funds involved for details, including charges and risk factors. 

You should consider your own investment objective, your personal financial circumstances and risk tolerance level before making any investment decision. The final decision is yours.






This website contains general information and is for reference only. The data and information contained in this website was obtained from sources that the Company considers reliable. The Company makes no warranty or representation as to the correctness, completeness and accuracy of the data and information from the source of a third party. We do not warrant that the investment choices or investment-linked insurance products shown on this website completely meets your investment needs, objective and risk-tolerance level. Should you make your investment decision relying upon the information shown on this website, you do so at your own risk. Any person considering an investment should seek independent advice on the suitability or otherwise on the particular investment. All consultants of MassMutual Asia Ltd. are prohibited from providing customers or potential customers with investment advice of any kind, including but not limited to investment choice selection and allocation. Customers should make their own investment decisions and bear the inherent risks independently. 
Investment involves risks. The unit price of investment choices may go down as well as up. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. For details of the products, including charges and risk factors, and the relevant charges of the investment choices, please refer to the offering documents of the respective products. 

Remarks for Global Series and Premier-Choice Series Products:  
All investment choices are denominated in US Dollar, although the underlying funds of the following investment choices are denominated in other currencies (non-USD). As such, the performance of the investment choice which is calculated in US Dollar, may be different from that of the underlying fund which is calculated in its own currency, and the unit price of investment choice may vary from that of the underlying fund. The performance of the following investment choices may be subject to potential gain or loss due to any exchange-rate fluctuation. 




AGJAU
MassMutual Aberdeen Global - Japanese Equity Fund "A2"

BAEUU
MassMutual Baring Europe Select Trust

BAGGU
MassMutual Baring German Growth Trust Class A USD Acc*

BPIBU
MassMutual Parvest Bond World Inflation-Linked "Classic-Capitalisation"

FIACU
MassMutual Fidelity Australian Dollar Cash Fund

FIAUU
MassMutual Fidelity Australia Fund "A" Shares

FICIU
MassMutual Fidelity Global Consumer Industries Fund "A" Shares

FIEGU
MassMutual Fidelity European Growth Fund "A" Shares

FIFSU
MassMutual Fidelity Global Financial Services Fund "A" Shares

FISBU
MassMutual Fidelity Flexible Bond Fund "A" Shares

FTEEU
MassMutual Franklin Templeton Eastern Europe Fund "A(acc)" Shares

INJAU
MassMutual Invesco Japanese Equity Core Fund A (acc / USD Hgd)

INPEU
MassMutual Invesco Pan European Equity Fund A (Adis)

JFCSU
MassMutual JPMorgan Greater China Smaller Companies Fund

MLEEU
MassMutual - BlackRock Global Funds - Emerging Europe Fund Class "A"

MLESU
MassMutual - BlackRock Global Funds - European Special Situations Fund Class "A"

MLJOU
MassMutual - BlackRock Global Funds - Japan Small & MidCap Opportunities Fund Class "A"

MSDAU
MassMutual Morgan Stanley Investment Funds Diversified Alpha Plus Fund "AH" Shares

MSEPU
MassMutual Morgan Stanley Investment Funds European Property Fund "A" Shares

SCEBU
MassMutual Schroder ISF EURO Bond "A1" Shares

SCEEU
MassMutual Schroder EURO Equity Fund "A1" Shares

SCHBU
MassMutual Schroder Hong Kong Dollar Bond Fund "A1" Accumulation Shares

SCHDU
MassMutual Schroder HK Money Market Fund

SCHEU
MassMutual Schroder Hong Kong Equity Fund "A1" Shares
*Although the underlying fund of this investment choice is denominated in USD, it may be susceptible to currency risk as its base currency is EUR.
InvestMobile Financial ServiceInvestment BasicsInvestment-linked InsuranceGlobal Series and Premier-Choice SeriesCapital InvestPlan and Capital Flexi InvestPlanFLEXI-SeriesCustomer ServiceOnline Financial AnalysisCustomer NewslettersFAQForm DownloadContact Us


Life InsuranceChildren PlanTerm InsuranceMedical InsuranceAccident BenefitsCritical Illness BenefitsDisability BenefitsFemale BenefitsOther BenefitsGeneral InsuranceFinancial Planning ServiceMobile Financial ServicesInvestment BasicsInvestment-linked InsuranceGlobal Series and Premier-Choice Series - Investment Choice Search/Performance/PriceCapital InvestPlan and Capital Flexi InvestPlan - Investment Choice/Performance/PriceFLEXI Series - Investment Choice/Performance/PriceRetire ComfortablyAnnuitiesEmployee Benefits DepartmentBenefits HighlightsClaims ProceduresEmergency Assistance ServicesForm DownloadGeneral ExclusionsNewsMember PrivilegesMASS Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme - Default Investment Strategy - Fund Price History - Transfer Your MPF Benefits - Promotions & News - Guaranteed Rate of Return - Form Download - FAQMacau Pension Scheme - Fund Price History - Promotions & News - Form DownloadA Decision Makes a Brighter LifeOur CareerWe are MassMutualInternship@MassMutualRecruitment SeminarAct NowIIQE Mock Exam PlatformNewsroomCurrent PromotionsShareCornerCustomer NewslettersMassMutual Jr. Space CampSurvey Findings and Analysis

Copyright © , MassMutual Asia Ltd. All rights reserved.Privacy Statement/Legal Notice




















MassMutual Financial Group: Investment Manager Highlight (DLHYX, MBCSX) | Investopedia



















































































 























Topics



What's New



McDonald's, NVIDIA, AMD May Surge on Weak Dollar




AT&T's Quarterly Profit Tops Wall St Estimates


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Ponzi Scheme
A fraudulent investing scam promising high rates of return with little risk to investors. ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                MassMutual Financial Group: Investment Manager Highlight (DLHYX, MBCSX)            


    By Ken Boyd | April 11, 2016 — 2:24 PM EDT    






Share


















































MassMutual Financial Group is a mutual fund company that was founded in 1851. The company’s members and insurance policyholders own the company, which offers a variety of insurance products, including life, disability and long-term care insurance. This company provides annuity products, trust services and operates a broker-dealer.
The firm has $650 billion in assets under management (AUM). MassMutual is also ranked 96th on the Fortune 100 index of largest corporations.
Ownership
MassMutual does not have shareholders. The owners, however, have the right to a dividend, if the company generates sufficient earnings and declares a dividend. The firm has paid dividends to qualifying policyholders since the 1860s. The owners also have the right to vote on major corporate decisions, including any votes for the board of directors.
Investment Management
The MML Series Investment Fund manages assets within the company’s variable life insurance and variable annuity products. This fund offers dozens of asset management choices, including a variety of stock and bond management styles.
The MassMutual Premier and Select Funds manage retirement plan assets. This product line also offers many different stock and bond investment styles. One of the best-performing funds is the Premier High-Yield Fund Service Class (“DLHYX”), a portfolio of bonds. Over the last five years ending March 16, 2016, the fund ranks second in its fund category. The Select Blue Chip Growth Fund (“MBCSX”) ranks third in its fund category over the same five-year period.
OppenheimerFunds
OppenheimerFunds is a subsidiary of MassMutual. This firm employs over 170 investment professionals. The company manages money in many asset classes. This firm also has an experienced management team. Each portfolio team has a lead manager, for example. The average tenure for all of the lead managers is 22 years of industry experience.
As of Feb. 29, 2016, the firm manages 89 funds invested in more than 79 countries. OppenheimerFunds has 18 funds with Morningstar risk ratings of four or five stars. The company was one of the first to offer global fund choices. The first global fund was offered in 1969. The firm has managed global equity, global fixed income and global alternative strategies for many years.
OppenheimerFunds also offered high-yield municipal bond funds before many other competitors in the industry. The portfolio managers across all funds focus on long-term results. The rate of turnover in the company’s equity portfolios is lower than the industry average.
Baring Asset Management
Baring is a global asset management firm that is a subsidiary of MassMutual. The firm was founded in 1762 and has operated for over 250 years. Baring’s investment philosophy is to identify and exploit investment opportunities. The company uses this approach for all of its investments.
The firm’s investment professionals use fundamental and quantitative analysis to find investment opportunities. The company uses a top-down approach by first analyzing the economic and market environment. Baring uses a scoring system to rank fixed income and multi-asset portfolios.
This company also manages a variety of equity portfolios. Baring applies a proprietary research system to analyze stocks. Its goal is to find equities that may provide more earnings growth than expected. If the stock’s price does not reflect the future earnings growth prospects, the analysts consider buying the stock. Baring considers both the growth and value components of a particular stock.
Babson Capital Management
Babson serves as the lead investment advisor to MassMutual. The firm manages assets through two subsidiaries. Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers is a worldwide real estate investment firm owned by Babson. The company’s investments are offered through publicly traded investments, as well as private equity portfolios.
Wood Creek Capital Management is also a subsidiary of Babson. Wood Creek is a niche investment firm. The company specializes in intellectual property and other intangible assets. This firm also works with tangible assets, such as agricultural real estate.









  






 









STOCKS: 
DLHYX, MBCSX 




































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing















Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy



























	Investment Management. | Financial Engines








































Home > Investment Management
		

	







Investment Management.


It’s a complicated financial landscape.
Everyone’s investing style is different. Whether you’re in countdown mode to retirement, or you have 20 years or more of work ahead of you, it’s smart to think about investments. Learn how we can help you secure the income you’ll need to enjoy the retirement you want.





401(k) Retirement Savings Plans
If you have access to a 401(k) plan, we can help you take advantage of the opportunity to earn tax-deferred earnings. We can show you how contributing the amount to get the maximum employer match can get you “free money.”
Learn More >







Individual Retirement Accounts
Give yourself the opportunity to save more for a better retirement. Your earnings can grow tax-deferred, and you’ll have flexibility in investment choices not usually found in employer-sponsored plans.  
Learn More >







Taxable Brokerage Accounts
A proactive approach to developing a tax strategy can help prepare you, your family or your business for long-term success.
Learn More >










Get More Information

Free Financial Plan
Retirement Report
Compare Services





Please provide a valid first name

Please provide a valid last name

Please provide a valid phone number

Please provide a valid email
Please provide a valid email address

Please provide a valid zip
Please provide a valid zip



Does your employer already offer our services? 
Please call (888) 443-8577
We value your privacy. View our Privacy Policy.
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























Insurance and Financial Services – Live Mutual – MassMutual




























MassMutual
Log In
Logout












We’re people helping people.
Our happiness is gained through others. And that’s worth protecting. Our commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual.


Learn More







Calculators
How much should I save for retirement? 








		
			Calculate
		
	








Life Insurance
Financial securityfor the ones you love most 
Life insurance can help you protect theones you love and give them one less thingto worry about. Some life insurance policiescan also earn cash value that can help toprovide “living benefits.”





Learn More










MassMutual® Direct
Fit your lifeand budget
MassMutual® Direct allows
you to choose which life
insurance works best for
you and there’s no waiting
involved.



		
			Apply Online
		
	










Saving for college?
Get the help you need
Families of different backgrounds value college for different reasons, but agree the cost challenge is stressful.





Learn More






Retirement Video





		
			Watch
		
	














Workplace Solutions
Shaping thefuture at work 
MassMutual’s holistic employee benefits
solutions can help connect the dots 
across the entire benefits landscape and
make the complicated simple – for
employers and employees alike.





Learn More






Solutions for Institutions
Experience the MassMutual difference
Whatever your business, our consultative, customer-focused team delivers tailored solutions to help you meet your financial goals.





Learn More

















Family Values
Better Together
How legally recognized marriage feels to 5 couples –and what it could mean for your finances. 



		
			Watch
		
	





















 





About Us: Corporate Leadership - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout
































Corporate Leadership











Board of Directors


Roger W. Crandall
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company,
Springfield, Massachusetts
Board Committees: Corporate Governance, Executive (Chair) and Investment 


Karen Bechtel
Managing Director, The Carlyle Group, New York, New York
Board Committees: Audit and Investment


Mark T. Bertolini  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Aetna Inc., Hartford, Connecticut
Board Committees: Corporate Governance, Executive and Human Resources (Chair)


Kathleen A. Corbet
Lead Director 
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company,
Springfield, Massachusetts 
Founder and Principal
Cross Ridge Capital, LLC, New Canaan, Connecticut 
Former President 
Standard & Poor’s, New York, New York
Board Committees: Audit, Executive and Investment 


James H. DeGraffenreidt, Jr. 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Retired
WGL Holdings, Inc., Washington, D.C.
Board Committees: Corporate Governance and
Human Resources


Robert A. Essner 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Retired
Wyeth, Madison, New Jersey
Board Committees: Corporate Governance and Human Resources



Isabella D. Goren
Former Chief Financial Officer
American Airlines, Inc. and AMR Corporation, Fort Worth, Texas
Board Committees: Audit and Investment


Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, Boston, Massachusetts
Board Committees: Audit and Investment


Marc F. Racicot 
Former Governor of Montana 
Former President 
American Insurance Association, Washington, D.C.
Board Committees: Corporate Governance (Chair), Executive and Human Resources


Laura J. Sen
Non-Executive Chairman and Former Chief Executive Officer
BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc., Westborough, Massachusetts
Board Committees: Audit and Human Resources


William T. Spitz 
Principal, Co-Founder and Director
Diversified Trust Company, Nashville, Tennessee 
Vice Chancellor for Investments Emeritus 
Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee
Board Committee: Corporate Governance, Executive and Investment (Chair)


H. Todd Stitzer 
Former Chief Executive Officer
Cadbury PLC, London, United Kingdom
Board Committees: Audit (Chair), Executive and Investment 

            




RELATED INFORMATION


Corporate Governance Guidelines (PDF)


Compensation Disclosure Statement (PDF)







Executive Leadership


Roger Crandall
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Susan Cicco
Chief Human Resources & Communications Officer 

Timothy Corbett
Chief Investment Officer

Michael Fanning
Head of MassMutual U.S.

Pia Flanagan
Corporate Secretary and Chief of Staff

Brad Hoffman*
Chief Risk Officer

Michael O’Connor
General Counsel

Mark Roellig
Chief Technology and Administrative Officer

Gareth Ross
Chief Digital and Customer Experience Officer

Elizabeth Ward
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Actuary 


Subsidiary Leadership
Eddie Ahmed
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, MassMutual International 

Tom Finke
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Barings LLC

Art Steinmetz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, OppenheimerFunds
  
*interim
            


 






                    Our leadership believes doing business the right way will help us continue to serve our customers far into the future.
                
Learn More about Governance & Ethics








Connected for Life
 
 
2016 Annual and Corporate Responsibility Report2016 Annual and Corporate Responsibility Report








Close





















	MassMutual Guaranteed Whole Life Insurance










































Search

















Search








Login



Register























Call Us: 1-800-123-4567Learn about Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance










  Toggle navigation          Instant Quote Tool    Learn More    Watch Video    FAQs    Contact Us    Get Started     

































DISCOVER GUARANTEED ACCEPTANCE LIFE INSURANCE
A way to help cover final expenses that's affordable and easy to get — 
from MassMutual.




















Instant quote tool




Gender:


Male


Female




Age:


50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75




Budget:








Coverage:

$
0







›



CALL TODAY: 
0-000-000-0000





                        First Name
                    


 




                        Last Name
                    


 




                        Email Address
                    


 
 




                        Phone Number
                    


 




                        Select State
                    



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

 




                        Date of Birth
                    





MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12






DD
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31






YYYY
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941





 
 
 




Cancel



›



                    Disclaimer:  By pressing "Submit" above, (1) I consent to
                receive e-mails, telephone calls, text messages, and
                artificial or pre-recorded messages from MassMutual, TZ
                Insurance Solutions LLC, or their respective affiliates and
                their respective licensed agencies and agents (and their
                service provider partners on their behalf), regarding their
                products and services at the email address and telephone
                number provided above, including my wireless number (if
                provided), utilizing an automated telephone dialing
                system and I understand that I am not required to grant
                this consent as a condition of purchasing any property,
                goods, or services from the foregoing companies and that
                I instead may call 1-800-795-9117  and (2) I agree to this
                website's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
                






        We’re sorry, but Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance isn’t currently available in your state.
        

Now, here’s the good news: MassMutual has a variety of life insurance options, and we can help you find one that fits your needs and your budget.
        

        Call 1-800-516-2849 or click here to learn more.
    



        We’re sorry, but Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance is only available for people aged 50 to 75. 
        

Now, here’s the good news: MassMutual has a variety of life insurance options, and we can help you find one that fits your needs and your budget.
        

        Call 1-800-516-2849 or click here to learn more.
    
















 Discover how it can fit your needs and budget. Your monthly rate is based on your age, gender, and how much coverage you select. Use the simple MassMutual instant quote tool to learn how much coverage you may be able to afford. At MassMutual, we have strong financial ratings and a long history of helping people protect what matters most. 
















 MassMutual offers a variety of other life insurance options and coverage amounts to fit your specific needs. For more information on these options call 1-844-383-7218 or click here. For more information on these options call 1-844-383-7218 or click here. 























Discover how comforting it is to know you’ve taken this step to help cover final expenses. Many people age 50 to 75 have used MassMutual Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance to help cover their final expenses. Here’s just one example of how it can help provide peace of mind for you—and protection against financial burden for your family.


























DISCOVER HOW MASSMUTUAL CAN HELP
>160YRS.
How long we’ve been helping people protect what matters most.


AA+
Our Standard & Poor’s financial strength rating. 2
2Standard & Poor’s rating applies to Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries, C.M. Life Insurance Company and MML Bay State Life Insurance Company. Rating is as of 3/20/2017, and subject to change. MassMutual has received other ratings from other rating agencies.
HOW MUCH WILL YOU NEED TO COVER FINAL EXPENSES?
$8,506
Average funeral cost. 1


$10,000+
Amount that 75% of U.S. households spend on end-of-life medical bills. 2


$8,278
Average credit-card debt carried by Americans age 50+. 3
12015 National Funeral Directors Association General Price List Survey.
2“Out-of-Pocket Spending in the Last Five Years of Life,” Journal of General Internal Medicine, 2012.
3“In the Red: Older Americans and Credit Card Debt,” AARP analysis of Demos’ National Survey on Credit Card Debt of Low- and Middle-Income Households, 2013.
DISCOVER HOW MASSMUTUAL CAN HELP
$2,000 - $25,000
How much Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance coverage you can get.


<$10/MO.
Starting point for monthly premiums.1

1Rate for $2,000 coverage for a 50-year-old female. Your rate will depend on your age, gender, and amount of coverage.
WHY DISCOVER GUARANTEED ACCEPTANCE LIFE INSURANCE?
100%
of people will have end-of-life final expenses.


0
No one wants to leave a financial burden.










Coverage is issued by C.M. Life Insurance Company (except in NY), a subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company.






















Why it pays to get Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance. It’s valuable  This coverage is designed to help people age 50 to 75 pay for final expenses such as funeral costs, medical bills, and other debts. It’s affordable  Rates can start at less than $10 a month1, so there’s a policy to fit your needs and budget. Use our easy instant quote tool above to see how much your monthly rate may be. It’s guaranteed  Your coverage is guaranteed throughout the life of the policy. Your premium is guaranteed never to increase, and your coverage is guaranteed never to decrease. It’s easy  Your acceptance is guaranteed, too—there are no medical exams to take, or health questions to answer. Not now, not ever.  Why it pays to get it from MassMutual. For more than 160 years, we’ve been putting our policyholders first. Our financial ratings are among the highest of any company in any industry2. Our quick approval process helps you get the protection you need, when you need it—and benefits are paid quickly and directly to your beneficiaries.






















Discover answers to your questions.
Just as we’ve been for more than 160 years, MassMutual is here to help. These are the things people ask us most often about Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance:

















    faq        This is another category    





Most Recent FAQs




Why do you need Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance?

Without protection to help cover final expenses, these inevitable costs—such as funeral and burial expenses, medical bills, and other debts—could fall upon your loved ones.Final expense coverage gives you peace of mind now, knowing you won’t leave a financial burden—and gives your family financial protection for the future.




How can you afford it?

Rates can start at less than $10 a month1, depending on your age, gender, and the amount of coverage. Use the easy instant quote tool above to get an idea of how much your monthly cost would be for the coverage you need.




How can you qualify if you have health issues?

If you’re age 50 to 75, you can’t be turned down for health reasons. We won’t require you to take a medical exam or answer any health questions—now, or at any time in the future. Just like the name says, your acceptance is guaranteed.




Will your rates or coverage change as you get older, or as your health changes?

No. Your coverage and premium amounts are guaranteed throughout the life of the policy. So your premium will never increase, and your coverage will never decrease. As long as you pay your premiums, your policy is guaranteed for life.




How can you use the money?

Your beneficiaries can use the funds as they see fit, including paying for final expenses. Plus, the policy builds nominal cash value that you can use for a loan or cash withdrawal, should you need it later in life. Please note that the policy's death benefit and cash value will be reduced by the amount of any loans or withdrawals you take.









Top FAQs



How can you use the money?

Will your rates or coverage change as you get older, or as your health changes?

How can you qualify if you have health issues?

How can you afford it?

Why do you need Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance?




Can't find what you're looking for?


Send us your question to get an answer.
Ask Question





























   Still have questions? Feel free to call us at 1-800-804-7015, and a friendly, helpful MassMutual licensed agent can help you determine if Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance is right for you.  











  Discover how Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance can meet your needs and budget.  Instant Quote Tool Instant Quote Tool Instant Quote Tool 










































































About Us – Live Mutual – MassMutual




























MassMutual
Log In
Logout




















Live Mutual
Living mutual has always been at the core of our human existence, and it's the principle that's guided us since our founding in 1851. It's not a concept we invented, but one we champion for the simple reason that people take it for granted today.While the world would have us strive for independence, the truth is when we depend on one another, we aren't just more secure - life is happier and more fulfilling. So as we celebrate our new identity and continued values with our new film, we're reminding everyone that who we are stays the same. 




Important Links
Jump to a Section

Corporate Responsibility
Corporate Leadership
Governance & Ethics
Our Financial Strength
News & Press Releases
Diversity & Inclusion
Our Advisors
Careers at MassMutual









Quick Links
We help hundreds of thousands of businesses and organizations achieve their financial goals. 



 
              Annual & Corporate Responsibility Report
            


              Quality & Performance Brochure
            










Corporate Responsibility

                At MassMutual, corporate responsibility is a fundamental part of
                who we are. Since 1851, we’ve made people a priority, and today,
                that commitment to our policyowners and customers continues. It
                includes our employees and advisors, the communities where we live
                and work, and our environment. For us, it is about doing the right
                thing for the people who matter most.
              
Learn More















Corporate Leadership

              MassMutual is guided by a diverse team of executives, bringing deep
              and varied knowledge to the company’s strategic plans and investment
              decisions. Through their commitment and example these executives set
              and uphold the values that make MassMutual a leading corporate citizen
              in the community at large and a steadfast financial partner for its
              policyowners and customers.
            
Learn More




Chairman, President  & CEO
Roger Crandall










We're here for you



$5B
Benefits delivered to customers in 2016


$560 billion
Life insurance protection in force


9,500
Size of the MassMutual Advisor force










Governance & Ethics

            As an organization, we have a responsibility to our policyowners and
            customers to do business ethically and in compliance with all laws
            and regulations. This philosophy has guided us from the beginning,
            and it’s a fundamental part of our success.
          
Learn More












Our Financial Strength




                  Annual and Corporate Responsibility Report
                




                  Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company Q1 2017
                




                  C.M. Life Insurance Company Q1 2017
                




                  MML Bay State Life Insurance Company Q1 2017
                

View All





News & Press Releases

Most Determined, Least Informed: The Paradox of Chinese American Behavior Towards Children’s College Education Saving and FundingJuly 6, 2017
New MassMutual Study Finds Widespread Worry Among Middle Americans About Politics, Personal FinancesJune 26, 2017
MassMutual’s College Planning and Saving Study Reveals that Culture Drives Unique Motivations and BehaviorsJune 16, 2017
MassMutual Foundation Donates $225,000 to Nonprofit Organizations on Behalf of Local Financial ProfessionalsJune 15, 2017
View All













Diversity & Inclusion








          We believe diversity includes the broadest possible range of cultures,
          backgrounds, experiences and perspectives, while inclusion means creating
          an environment where all people and ideas are valued. Our goal is to
          welcome everyone — customers, employees, suppliers and visitors alike.
        



          Our passion for diversity and inclusion is not only about doing the
          right thing; it also helps us achieve our purpose to help people
          secure their future and protect the ones they love.
        




Learn More









Our Advisors

            We know you have financial goals and aspirations. And when it’s time
            to start your planning, you may need some guidance along the way.
            That’s where MassMutual advisors can help. They have the experience
            and training to understand your needs and objectives, and can connect
            you to the products and solutions that can help you reach your goals.
          
Learn More







Careers with MassMutual

            At MassMutual, we’re passionate about helping millions of people find financial
            freedom. A career with us means you’ll help our customers protect what matters most.
            It also means you’ll work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your
            professional and personal goals. Our employees are at the foundation of what makes
            MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We invite you to explore the
            possibilities.
          
Learn More















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



























Fast, Quick, & Fair Business Funding | Instant Business Loans, Cash, & Funding | Business Factoring Services | Fast Capital 360








































































































 
 
 



Programs

Small Business Funding
Merchant Cash Advances
Business Line of Credit
Bad Credit Loans
SBA Loans
Unsecured Business Funding
Cash Flow
Short Term Business Funding
Working Capital
Microloans


Why Us?
Company
FAQs
Reviews
Careers
Contact
  (800) 735-6107
Apply Now
 













 





Exceptional Business Funding That is Fast, Simple & Transparent 

What you need, as soon as you need it. Because that’s what matters. 

Apply Now 


 



 















×
Need a quick estimate?Results within seconds!
Based on this informationYou may qualify for









$


*Please enter in valid Annual Revenue








FastCapital360 will not share your information with 3rd parties.Your security and privacy are our priority.










Ready to get started?
Apply Now
This tool creates an estimate based on your annual revenue and time in business. This is not a guaranteed offer of funding. Whether your business would qualify for funding is subject to full underwriting and lender approval.Need more than the estimate?Call a Business Advisor at (800)-735-6107.

















Apply Take 10 minutes to fill out basic financial information and apply for the amount of funding you need.   


Get Approved 99% of our applicants receive approval status within 1 hour of completing our online application.   


Start Using Your Funds Once approved, cash will be funded to your bank account within 1 business day.   


Get Started! Apply within minutes and get approved today!
Apply Today!   

























We’ve provided over $300 million in funding to more than 12,000 businesses.


Fast & Transparent Funding With Innovation & Reliability




$300 MillionFunded to Businesses

$300 Million Funded to BusinessesSince its inception in 2009, Fast Capital 360 has funded more than $300 million to thousands of businesses across the United States, in hundreds of different industries.   




Expertly TrainedLoyal Personal Advisors 

Expertly Trained Loyal Personal AdvisorsLoyal personal advisors focused on the most efficient way to help grow your business from start to finish. Anytime.  




60 MinutesAverage Approval Time

60 Minutes Average Approval TimeThanks to a cutting-edge, paperless pre-application process, Fast Capital 360 is able to approve most programs in less than an hour.  




We Value Your TimeYour Time is Money

Your Time is MoneyWe value that. Our process is fast and our advisors are always accessible, ready, and responsive.  




300 BusinessesFunded Every Month

300 Business Funded Every MonthOur mission is to be an asset and a resource to businesses. We've assisted an average of 300 businesses every month thus far.
  




Flexible FundsMultiple Options

Flexible Funds with Multiple OptionsOne place, multiple options for inventory, expansion, equipment, working capital and more.  




98%Satisfaction Rating

98% Satisfaction RatingWe put our customers first, and own a 98% satisfaction rating. Check out our reviews on TrustPilot. Trustpilot Reviews  




Data SecurityAdvanced Bank-Grade Security 

We Take Security SeriouslyWe use the most advanced bank-grade security to connect to view your business accounts. We never capture or store your personal information.  Pay Only For What You Use, With No Hidden Costs or Prepayment PenaltiesIntroducing Streamline Revolving Business Credit
Up to $50,000 revolving business credit.
No obligation to take funds.
Straight forward transparent fees with no surprises.
No prepayment penalty.
Borrow more as you repay.
Never pay double interest.

As a small business owner, you require flexibility. Streamline revolving business credit gives you the flexibility to draw the working capital that you need, when you need it. You pay only for the money that you use, with no hidden costs or prepayment penalties. Running a small business is hard. Getting access to the working capital you need is easy.Apply Now!


Getting started is fast, easy, and won’t impact your credit score.





Instant Business Financing: Your Way Forward
Taking your business to the next level requires a few things: hard work, ingenuity, determination and the cash flow to make your vision a reality. Money doesn’t grow on trees, but it does grow companies.
You guide the funding, we provide it. Simple. Quick. Transparent.
In the rapidly-changing world of commerce, businesses require solutions that move just as fast as the economy they are a part of. Cash flow loans shouldn’t require waiting months; they should enable owners and operators to get the job done as soon as they can.
Old-school avenues to small business financing require six-month waiting periods, excellent credit history and filling out dozens of pages of paperwork. Bank loans are often reserved for those with excellent credit, plenty of collateral and the luxury of being able to wait months for approval. Traditional lenders make their process time-consuming and complex, with multiple identity checks and proofs of ownership. Our business financing ethos is different.
Fast Capital 360 gives you the amount of funding you need in days, not weeks or months. We’ve built our business funding company around the idea that you shouldn’t have to wait, you should be able to receive your cash flow quickly.
Since 2009, our instant small business financing services have enabled thousands of companies to realize their fullest potential. We believe in the power of the local economy, and we want to influence it to do great things; that’s why we work with small business owners across the country.  Our instant business loans fuel innovation from coast to coast.
Whether you’re in the market for SBA loans or unsecured funding, we’re here to provide you with the funds you need.


HOW FAST IS FAST?10 minutes stands between you and knowing how much funding you qualify for. Your small business loan can arrive in your bank account in as little as one business day. No collateral required.
The average online application process takes less than 10 minutes and is only a page long. Once your financing program is approved, your working capital funding can arrive by the end of the next business day.
WE KEEP THINGS EASY & QUICKThere are no long clauses to wade through, no complicated terms and conditions, just plain language that clearly defines what you’re getting in a fast approval business loan. Fast Capital 360 is a member of the Responsible Business Lending Coalition; we were founded on the principles of lending fairness and transparency. We aren’t here to put you in debt; we’re here to fund the American dream.
QUALIFICATIONS?To qualify for instant funding, your small business needs to have been in operation for more than a year, have a revenue of at least $180,000, and you need to have a personal credit score of 500 or more. Our quick business lending is unsecured, so you don’t have to pledge personal assets or collateral just to receive a loan.



Get a Business Loan Today
We designed our process around getting small businesses the money they need quickly. Fast is in our name for a reason. Our application takes next to no time so you can get back to doing what you do best — running your business.
We’ve been voted the best small business funding company by CrowdReviews.com because of our dedication to supporting the economy that we are all a part of with fast approval loans.
The process of receiving funding for your expansion, your repairs, your staffing or your vision shouldn’t make running your business any more difficult. This is instant business funding without the hassle. We want you to have your money quick; you probably have better things to do than wait around for an approval letter.
From microloans to new property purchases, our fast funding process has been there for thousands of businesses. We offer multiple business loan options from lending that functions like a credit card to those that work the same as a bank loan, all with cash delivered faster than ever before.
Whether you have questions about receiving instant restaurant funding or your current working capital funding, our small business advisors are standing by six days a week to help.
Business factoring services allow you to know the exact amount you’ll pay and make our funding work even faster. Through our proprietary business analysis, we determine a precise factor rate that is included in our financing program. This business factor rate is included in the fast approval loan. Where banks charge interest rates, our business factoring services clearly outline how much is to be included in each payment from the start to the finish of the term.
Rather than taking out another credit card, our online business lending services allows you a safer alternative that provides you with more accessible business cash and less likelihood of accruing debt. Better than the banks, our commercial financing programs get business owners the money they need faster than anyone else.
A quick business funding solution that encompasses every need? That’s Fast Capital 360.
Still on the fence?
For more information on why Fast Capital 360 is the best choice for shaping your business into what you know it can be, call us today at 800-735-6107 or contact us online.
























  Trustpilot  






Funding Types 




SBA Loans
Online Business Financing
Merchant Cash Advances
Cash Flow Lenders
Business Funding Options







Unsecured Business Funding
Working Capital Financing
Bad Credit Loans
Line of Credit
Inventory Financing
Business Loan For Women



 



 



Our Funding

 Overview 
 Why Choose Us 
 Industries We Serve 
 Do You Qualify 



 



About FC360 




 Working With Us 
 Company 
 Testimonials 
 FAQs 







 Privacy Policy 
 Legal 
 Giving Back 
 Sitemap 
 Contact Us 







Follow Us
FacebookTwitterLinkedin



 



Business Center 




Small Business Blog
Short Term Funding
Small Business Funding
Business Equipment Funding





Contact Us
 Phone: (800) 735-6107


 
 












 Trustpilot 


© Copyright Fast Capital 360. Fast Capital 360 is a D/B/A of iVest 360, LLC. - 95 James Way #113
Southampton, PA 18966
	




















Programs

Small Business Funding
Merchant Cash Advances
Business Line of Credit
Bad Credit Loans
SBA Loans
Unsecured Business Funding
Cash Flow
Short Term Business Funding
Working Capital
Microloans


Why Us?
Company
FAQs
Reviews
Careers
Contact
  (800) 735-6107
Apply Now
































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































