

















MASSPOWER BG MP PARTNERS LLC BG MP PARTNERS II LLC v. MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL WHOLESALE ELECTRIC COMPANY | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
Massachusetts
Superior Court of Massachusetts
MASSPOWER BG MP PARTNERS LLC BG MP PARTNERS II LLC v. MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL WHOLESALE ELECTRIC COMPANY

MASSPOWER BG MP PARTNERS LLC BG MP PARTNERS II LLC v. MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL WHOLESALE ELECTRIC COMPANY




ResetAA
Font size:
Print







Superior Court of Massachusetts,            County.
MASSPOWER, by its General Partners, BG MP PARTNERS I, LLC and BG MP PARTNERS II, LLC  v. MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL WHOLESALE ELECTRIC COMPANY
CIVIL ACTION NO. 07-3243-BLS2
    Decided: January 31, 2011


FINDINGS OF FACT, RULINGS OF LAW, AND ORDER FOR JUDGMENTPlaintiff MASSPOWER and defendant Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company (MMWEC) entered into a long term power purchase agreement (PPA) in 1990, pursuant to which MMWEC purchased electric power generated by MASSPOWER's Springfield, Massachusetts, facility.   By 2004, deregulation of the New England power supply market, and changes in the operation of that market, had made the PPA economically disadvantageous in MMWEC's view, and the parties attempted to negotiate a buyout of the PPA.This lawsuit arises out of the failure of that negotiation, MMWEC's demand that MASSPOWER seek to operate the facility under the “must-run” provision of the PPA, MASSPOWER's refusal, and MMWEC's subsequent termination of the PPA. MASSPOWER sues for breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violation of G.L. c. 93A, and abuse of process (arising out of an earlier action which MMWEC brought against MASSPOWER).The case was tried without jury over eighteen days in February and March 2010, followed by closing arguments on July 14, 2010.PRIOR PROCEEDINGSThe prior proceedings in this case are particularly important to the determination of the matters now before the Court because they bear on what issues were, and were not, to be tried.   In 2008 the Appeals Court affirmed judgment for MASSPOWER in the earlier case brought by MMWEC, and reversed a grant of summary judgment for MMWEC in this case.   In 2009 this Court ruled on subsequent dispositive motions.   Before addressing the parties' contentions regarding the import of those rulings for this case, it is necessary to set out in some detail what the Appeals Court, and the motion judge, decided.In 2005 MMWEC sued MASSPOWER and others, alleging that MASSPOWER had breached the PPA, breached the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and violated G.L. c. 93A. See MMWEC v. Northern Star Generation LLC et al.1 , SUCV # 05-2710-BLS-1 (MMWEC Action, or 2005 Action).   Following a jury-waived trial, the Court (van Gestel, J.) entered findings and rulings, and ordered judgment for defendants.In 2007 MASSPOWER sued MMWEC in the present case.   The Court (Gants, J.) subsequently allowed summary judgment for MMWEC.Appeals were taken in both cases and were consolidated before the Appeals Court, which issued a rescript (“Memorandum and Order Pursuant to Rule 1:28”) on November 7, 2008 (Appeals Court decision).   The Appeals Court decision affirmed the trial court's judgment against MMWEC in the MMWEC Action, vacated summary judgment for MMWEC in this case, and remanded this case “for further proceedings consistent with the memorandum and order of the Appeals Court.”   Id. at 24.The Appeals Court notes at the outset that “[b]oth cases involve the interpretation of [the PPA], ․ pursuant to which MMWEC contracted to purchase 7.86 percent of the output from MASSPOWER's energy generating facility for a term of twenty years.”  Id. at 1. The court continues:For these appeals, we rely on the facts as found by the Superior Court trial judge in his February 20, 2007 “Findings of Fact, Rulings of Law and Order for Judgment,” and on the undisputed facts set out in a second judge's January 29, 2008 “Memorandum of Decision and Order on Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment,” supplemented where necessary by uncontroverted facts in the trial record and summary judgment materials.Id. at 1-2 (emphasis supplied).Accordingly, this Court summarizes below the Appeals Court's recitation of the pertinent facts found in the MMWEC case, and of the undisputed facts set out in the motion judge's Memorandum on summary judgment in this case, as the starting point for its own findings.2 MMWEC filed its complaint against MASSPOWER on June 30, 2005 “in response to a reduction in the frequency with which Masspower's facility was being selected for dispatch,” i.e., selected to provide power to the New England pool (see discussion below).  Id. at 2. The PPA was a contract between “sophisticated and well-represented parties[;] the integration clause in the agreement's final section prohibited alteration or expansion of matters specifically addressed therein.”  Id. Because the facility was “consistently maintained so as to be available for dispatch at all times,” MASSPOWER “did not breach the PPA when the frequency with which the facility was selected for dispatch fell off dramatically after 2005.”  Id., 4-5.The Appeals Court defined and distinguished “economic dispatch,” which was at the heart of the MMWEC Action, from “must-run,” at the heart of the present action, as follows:The judge properly interpreted “economic dispatch” [under section 4.3 of the PPA] to mean that Masspower was obligated to maintain the facility to be available for dispatch in accordance with the NEPOOL 3 rules for economic dispatch.   Pursuant to NEPOOL rules, facilities were selected for economic dispatch by a central system operator, according to the price at which they could generate energy, so that facilities offering cheaper prices for energy on a given day would be selected for dispatch before more expensive units.   Under the terms of the PPA, Masspower's facility was one that would be selected to operate based on its costs.   In this manner, the contract distinguished the mode of the facility's operation from that of a must-run facility, a type of facility that operated at all times regardless of costs.Id. at 6. Addressing one of the central issues in the MMWEC Action appeal, the court concluded:  “We are in full accord with the judge's conclusion that Masspower's failure to price its energy so that it would be selected for dispatch on a nearly continuous basis did not constitute a breach of contract [under the “economic dispatch” provisions of the PPA].” Id. at 8.As for the present case, the court summarized the issues decided by Judge Gants on summary judgment as follows:On May 4, 2007, MMWEC demanded that Masspower seek to have the facility declared a must-run operation, pursuant to section 4.3 of the PPA. Masspower refused, and MMWEC terminated the PPA․  The must-run provision, in section 4.3 of the PPA, states:  “In the event that the [f]acility is dispatched at a capacity factor of less than [sixty percent] over a two year period, [s]eller agrees to cooperate with [b]uyer and the other [p]urchasers if they decide to seek to have the [f]acility declared ‘must-run’ by NEPOOL.”   Termination under the PPA is governed by section 7.1, which gives MMWEC the right to terminate the PPA if Masspower “shall fail in any material respect to comply with, observe, perform or shall default in any material respects upon any obligation under the [a]greement, ․ and such failure materially and adversely [e]ffects 4 ” MMWEC.   The judge ruled [first 5] that because there were no other purchasers, as that term was used in the PPA, as of 2007, MMWEC had the unilateral right to seek Masspower's cooperation in having the facility declared must-run.   The judge also ruled [second ] that Masspower's failure to do so constituted a material breach of a material obligation, and [third ] that such breach satisfied the “materially and adversely [e]ffects” prong of the PPA's termination provision, without further proof of harm.Id. at 12-13.The court agreed with the motion judge's first ruling:  “we are satisfied, on this record, that, by 2007, there were no ‘other purchasers' under the terms of the PPA,” id. at 13, and therefore no impediment to MMWEC's “seek[ing] to have the Masspower facility declared must-run.”  Id. at 17.   Thus, as MASSPOWER concedes, it is the law of this case that MMWEC was the sole “purchaser” under the PPA when it demanded that MASSPOWER seek to must-run its plant.   See Plaintiff's Post-Trial Proposed Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law (MASSPOWER's Post-Trial Submission) at 299.The Appeals Court also agreed with the motion judge's second ruling, i.e., that “Masspower's failure to [cooperate in having the facility declared must-run] constituted a material breach of a material obligation ․” Appeals Court decision, at 13 (see discussion below).The Appeals Court rejected the motion judge's third ruling that such breach “satisfied the ‘materially and adversely [e]ffects' prong of the PPA's termination provision, without further proof of harm.”  Id. The court concluded that “whether MMWEC was materially and adversely effected, in the context of this industry and these parties, is a question of fact that requires remand to the Superior Court for trial.”  Id. at 22.MMWEC argues that the Appeals Court thus resolved the issue of whether, by refusing to cooperate in MMWEC's must-run demand, MASSPOWER materially breached the PPA. See MMWEC's Pre-Trial Legal Mem., at 7. MASSPOWER argues that whether it materially breached the PPA remains a live issue.   MASSPOWER contends that MMWEC's assertion “that the Appeals Court held that MASSPOWER's breach was ‘material,’ not only is ․ inconsistent with the Appeals Court's general vacatur of Judge Gants' decision, but the court also specifically held that ‘whether MMWEC was materially and adversely effected, in the context of this industry and these parties, is a question of fact that requires remand to the Superior Court for trial.   Appeals Court Decision, at 22.’ ”   MASSPOWER's Post-Trial Submission, at 298-299 (emphasis in original).MASSPOWER's argument misreads both § 7.1 of the PPA and the Appeals Court's interpretation thereof, and in particular the references in both to the term “material.” 6  Section 7.1 uses “material” in two separate contexts:  first, to modify “fail[ure]” and “default;” 7  and second, to modify the effect of any such failure or default on MMWEC.8  MASSPOWER conflates those two different uses of “material” when it argues that the existence of fact issues as to whether the breach “materially ․ affected” MMWEC, as the Appeals Court determined, means also that a fact issue exists as to whether the failure or default was material.   The latter determination-i.e., whether MASSPOWER failed or defaulted on an obligation in a manner that was significant, rather than trivial-can be determined without reference to the effect of that failure or default on MMWEC.   Indeed, the Appeals Court points out that the two clauses of § 7.1 must both be given meaning:  “ ‘An interpretation that gives a reasonable meaning to all of the provisions of a contract is to be preferred to one which leaves a part useless or inexplicable.’ ”   Appeals Court decision, at 18 (citations omitted).The Appeals Court accordingly adopts the motion judge's determination that no issue of fact exists as to whether MASSPOWER's breach was material, and rejects his determination that no issue of fact exists as to whether the effect of the breach on MMWEC was material (and adverse):A material breach of a contract by one party generally excuses the other party from further performance.   Nevertheless, parties to a contract may agree to further restrictions on the right to terminate their contract, which we will enforce.   Accordingly, section 7.1 of the PPA is enforceable as written, and MMWEC was required to show that the breach of the must-run provision had both a material and an adverse effect on MMWEC in order for it to terminate the agreement.․We conclude that the PPA permitted termination only upon a showing that Masspower's breach effected MMWEC in a manner that was not only material, but also detrimental, unfavorable, or contrary to its interests.   Without proof of both a material and an adverse effect on MMWEC, caused by Masspower's refusal to seek must-run of the facility, termination of the contract is not an available remedy for breach of the must-run provision.Id. at 17-19 (citations omitted) (emphasis added).With regard to the breach of contract claim, therefore, the Appeals Court has resolved in MMWEC's favor the question whether MASSPOWER “fail[ed] in any material respect to comply with” its obligation under the PPA to “cooperate with [MMWEC's request to] seek to have the Facility declared ‘must-run’ by NEPOOL.”   PPA, §§ 7.1, 4.3.   MASSPOWER's breach of contract claim thus rests upon whether its own breach had a “material and adverse” effect on MMWEC.   If so, MMWEC had the right to terminate the PPA, and therefore did not breach it;  if not, then MASSPOWER has established liability on its contract claim.Following the Appeals Court decision, MASSPOWER moved, with MMWEC's assent, to amend its complaint in this action to add an abuse of process claim.   The Court allowed the motion on September 8, 2009.   On December 14, 2009, the Court decided the parties' respective dispositive motions.   See Memorandum of Decision and Order on Dispositive Motions (Fabricant, J.) (December 2009 Order).   The Court stated that, with regard to MASSPOWER's contract claim, the Appeals Court had determined that a genuine dispute of material fact existed “ ‘on the question of whether Masspower's refusal to cooperate in seeking to operate the facility as a must-run had an effect that was [adverse, i.e.,] detrimental, unfavorable, or contrary to MMWEC's interests.’ ”  Id. at 1, quoting Appeals Court decision, at 22.   The Court then notes:  “The [Appeals] Court then remanded the case for trial on that issue (as well as other identified issues to be discussed infra ).”   December 2009 Order, at 1 (emphasis supplied).The remaining issues which the Court in that Order identifies for trial are:  (1) whether MMWEC “exercised [its right to demand must-run] for the purpose of extracting a benefit to which it was not entitled-that is, buy-out of the contract at a discounted price,” (citing Anthony's Pier Four, Inc. V. HBC Assocs., 411 Mass. 451, 472-473 (1991)), id. at 2-3;  (2) whether “evidence that both sides continued to contemplate buy-out, and to communicate about the possibility, such that MMWEC would have had a continuing interest in negotiating leverage[,] ․ combined with the statements made by some of MMWEC's participants, could support a finding of ulterior purpose,”id. at 3-4;  and (3) damages from any abuse of process.9The December 2009 Order notwithstanding, MASSPOWER contends in its Pre-Trial Memorandum of Law (MASSPOWER's Pre-Trial Memorandum), submitted February 22, 2010, that “any breach by MASSPOWER was not ‘material,’ ” id. at 6. As discussed above, that issue was resolved against MASSPOWER before trial.MASSPOWER's Pre-Trial Memorandum also posits an additional issue for trial.   It contends that PPA § 7.1 “precludes termination for breaches that are ‘due to causes ․ attributable to [MMWEC's] wrongful act or failure to act,” and that “MMWEC's failure to ‘cooperate’ with MASSPOWER under the must-run clause is such a ‘failure to act’ or a ‘wrongful act’ and, therefore, precluded termination.”   MASSPOWER's Pre-Trial Memorandum, at 5. MASSPOWER points to § 4.3 of the PPA, which it says “requires ‘cooperat[ion]’ in the event that MMWEC (and any other Purchasers) ‘decide to seek to have the Facility declared “must-run” by NEPOOL.’ ”  Id.Section 4.3 provides that “Seller [MASSPOWER] agrees to cooperate with Buyer [MMWEC] and the other Purchasers if they decide to seek to have the Facility declared ‘must-run’ by NEPOOL.”   Not only does § 4.3 expressly place the obligation to “cooperate” on MASSPOWER, but the scope and objective of such cooperation is narrow, i.e., to “have the Facility declared ‘must-run’ by NEPOOL.”   Nowhere in § 4.3 is any obligation placed on MMWEC to cooperate with MASSPOWER in agreeing to an alternative to must-run, i.e., in MASSPOWER's words, to “discuss[ ] an admittedly feasible offer to provide the equivalent of must-run from other plants that would not go bankrupt.”   MASSPOWER's Pre-Trial Memorandum at 5. Yet MASSPOWER argues that MMWEC's “secret[ ] decis[ion] not to pursue the offer and, despite its admitted ability to do so, declin[ing] to meet until after it had terminated the contract,” id., amounted to “bad faith and failure to cooperate constitut[ing] a ‘failure to act’ or a ‘wrongful act’ that either excused any breach at common law or, at a minimum, under the express terms of PPA § 7.1, preclud[ing] MMWEC from terminating.”  Id. at 6. Section 4.3 simply does not support MASSPOWER's argument.From the foregoing, the Court concludes that, as to each of the four counts of the First Amended Complaint, the following were live (and largely overlapping) issues at trial, and remain to be determined by the Court:I.  Breach of Contract.   Because, as a matter of law, § 4.3 does not obligate MMWEC to “cooperate” with MASSPOWER in seeking an alternative (equivalent or otherwise) to must-run, the Court rejects MASSPOWER's contention that the issue was to be determined at trial.   Moreover, MASSPOWER's material breach of § 4.3 is established.   Accordingly, the only issues to be determined after trial on MASSPOWER's contract claim are (1) whether MASSPOWER's breach of § 4.3 “materially and adversely” affected MMWEC;  and, if not, (2) MASSPOWER's damages.II. Breach of Implied Covenant.   The issues to be determined are (1) whether MMWEC exercised its right to demand must-run unfairly or in bad faith, and abused the legal process by filing the MMWEC Action, for the purpose of extracting a benefit to which it was not entitled-that is, a buy-out of the contract at a discounted price;  and if so, (2) MASSPOWER's damages.III. Violation of c. 93A. The issues to be determined are (1) whether MMWEC unfairly or deceptively exercised its right to demand must-run for the purpose of extracting a benefit to which it was not entitled-that is, a buy-out of the contract at a discounted price;  (2) whether MMWEC unfairly or deceptively exercised its right to demand must-run, and filed the MMWEC Action, for the purpose of disrupting the sale of MASSPOWER and thereby gaining leverage in its buy-out negotiations with MASSPOWER;  and, if so, (3) MASSPOWER's damages.IV. Abuse of Process.   The issues to be determined are (1) whether MMWEC filed the MMWEC Action for the purpose of disrupting the sale of MASSPOWER and thereby gaining leverage in its buy-out negotiations with MASSPOWER;  and, if so, (2) MASSPOWER's damages.FINDINGS OF FACTThe parties have, in response to the Court's request, submitted their “Compilation of Undisputed Facts Within the Parties' Post-Trial Proposed Findings of Fact” (Undisputed Facts) which sets forth the proposed facts of each party which the other does not dispute.10  On the basis of those undisputed facts, the facts established in prior proceedings as set forth above, and the credible evidence at trial and inferences reasonably drawn therefrom, the Court finds as follows.I. BackgroundMASSPOWER is a general partnership organized under the laws of Massachusetts.   MASSPOWER's principal physical asset is an electric generating unit located in Springfield, Massachusetts (facility, or plant).   The original partners of MASSPOWER were J. Makowski, Bay State Gas, Tenneco Gas Pipeline, General Electric, and U.S. Generating Co., which was a partnership of Pacific Gas & Electric and Bechtel.   In addition to their equity interests, the original partners all had additional roles:  J. Makowski developed the MASSPOWER project;  Bay State laid a 23-mile gas pipeline to the plant;  Tenneco owned gas pipelines serving the plant;  General Electric provided equipment and operations and maintenance personnel;  and Bechtel built the plant.At the time that the PPA was signed, the partners of MASSPOWER were MASSPOWER, Inc.;   Springfield Generating Company, LP;  MP Cogen, Inc.;   Bay State Energy Development, Inc.;   and Tenneco Independent Power I Company.   These entities were subsidiaries of the original partners.The current owners and general partners of MASSPOWER are BG MP Partners I, LLC and BG MP Partners II, LLC, both of which are limited liability companies organized under the laws of Delaware.   Following a sale transaction on May 1, 2007, each is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of BG North America, LLC, an affiliate of BG Group plc, a publicly traded international energy company headquartered in the United Kingdom.BG MP Partners I, LLC, and BG MP Partners II, LLC, are the same entities that were formerly known as Silver Ship MP Partners, LLC, and Silver Ship MP Partners II, LLC;  those entities merely changed their names to the names by which they are currently known, after a transfer of ownership of their parent entities.   The Silver Ship entities (now known by the BG names), became the general partners of MASSPOWER on December 28, 2005, by collectively purchasing all interests of the previous partners (known as the “Houston” partners).   Both the original partnership agreement, at article 12, and the Massachusetts Uniform Partnership Act, G.L. c. 108A, § 27, authorize transfers of partnership interests.   That transfer of ownership of the partnership interest had no effect on partnership property, which remained in the partnership.   See G.L. c. 108, § 8. Accordingly, the Court has rejected MMWEC's theory that MASSPOWER can prove no injury resulting from its suit because its present owners are not the ones who were harmed.   December 2009 Order, at 3-4.The undisputed facts establish that the named plaintiffs are the proper parties to assert the claims herein.   December 2009 Order, at 5.MASSPOWER owns a “combined cycle” plant that utilizes GE Frame 7 turbine technology.   Combined cycle operation is a fuel-efficient way of creating electricity in which gas-fired turbines produce electricity, and the heat generated during this process is used to boil water, which generates steam that runs through a steam turbine to produce additional electricity.   MASSPOWER also sells the steam generated through this process to a chemical manufacturer.The plant operates primarily on natural gas but has a permit to burn oil for 35 days per year.   The plant has only limited oil storage.The generating capacity of the entire plant is 238 megawatts in the summer period and 276 megawatts in the winter period.Defendant Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company (“MMWEC”) was created by statute, St.1975, c. 775, and is a public corporation of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.   MMWEC's purpose is to plan, acquire, and establish independent electric power supply on behalf of municipal light departments and other electric utilities.   MMWEC acts as a wholesaler of electric energy and either purchases energy in bulk or participates in the ownership of all or part of electric generating facilities.MMWEC resells electricity to its members and to other municipals in Massachusetts and other states.MMWEC is a joint action agency created by the Legislature to plan, finance, and acquire power supply resources on behalf of Massachusetts cities and towns that have their own light departments.   St.1975, c. 775.Among other things, MMWEC purchases electricity at wholesale and resells it to its members, which are all Massachusetts municipal light departments.   Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company v. Town of Danvers, 411 Mass. 39, 41 (1991).Essentially, MMWEC is a vehicle through which its members, which typically are small, can pool their resources to obtain the economic benefits of purchasing electricity in bulk.  Id. MASSPOWER and MMWEC are both engaged in trade or commerce in Massachusetts with respect to the power purchase agreement between them.II. Formation of the PPAOn April 10, 1990, MMWEC and MASSPOWER entered into an Agreement for the Sale of Net Capability and Corresponding Energy By and Between MASSPOWER and Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company (“the PPA”).   The PPA was amended on April 30, 1991.The PPA was a contract between sophisticated and well-represented parties.By its terms, the PPA was an integrated agreement.   Section 9.12 states:This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and all previous agreements, discussions, communications, and correspondence with respect to the subject matter hereof are superseded by the execution of this Agreement.Under the PPA, MMWEC agreed to purchase 7.86% of the generating capacity and electric energy of the MASSPOWER plant for a term of twenty years starting on the defined “Commercial Date.” The “Commercial Date” occurred on August 1, 1993.   The PPA, absent early termination, was therefore not due to expire until August 1, 2013.Since the summer rating of the plant was 238 megawatts and the winter rating was 278 megawatts, MMWEC's purchase of 7.86% of the plant's generating capacity averaged approximately 20 megawatts.Pursuant to separate agreements that essentially passed through MASSPOWER's charges under the PPA, along with MMWEC's administrative expenses, MMWEC resold the electric capacity and energy purchased from MASSPOWER to municipal light departments serving the Towns of Littleton, Wakefield, Groton, Ipswich, and Ashburnham, and the City of Holyoke.   These agreements were executed on April 1, 1989, more than a year before the execution of the PPA on April 10, 1990.Holyoke purchased 43.2% of MMWEC's entitlement;  Littleton, 17.0%;  Wakefield, 15.4%;  Ipswich, 13.7%;  Groton, 7.4%;  and Ashburnham, 3.4%.Under the contracts with these municipal light departments, referred to as “participants,” MMWEC agreed to sell to the participants the net capability and electricity purchased from MASSPOWER under the PPA.By law, municipal light departments have an obligation to serve the residents and businesses in the city or town in which they operate.Each light department is subject to the direction and control of a municipal light board, the members of which are elected by the city or town residents that the light department serves.  G.L. c. 164, §§ 55, 56.The PPA was signed before the plant was built, and MMWEC understood that one of its purposes was to help secure project financing.The PPA imposed upon MMWEC the obligation to pay two types of charges:  fixed and variable.The fixed charges, which were payable regardless of whether the Facility was actually operating and generating electricity, included a capacity charge designed to help MASSPOWER recover the facility's capital costs.MMWEC was required to pay the capacity charge as long as MASSPOWER was available for dispatch even if MASSPOWER was not selected for dispatch.The capacity charge provision obligated MMWEC to make a minimum monthly capacity payment as long as the plant was available to run at least 85% of the time during the preceding one-year period.   This payment had to be made regardless of whether the plant actually ran or not.The plant has a historical availability of approximately 95%.In contrast to the fixed charges, the variable charges changed according to Facility operation, and included a fuel charge that correlated to MMWEC's 7.86% share of the fuel costs actually incurred by MASSPOWER to operate the facility and generate electricity.Like any long-term contract requiring the payment of fixed charges, the PPA presented the risk that at any point in time, the amount to be paid by MMWEC might be well above or well below the market value of the electricity and capacity to be sold by MASSPOWER.   In other words, the PPA presented the risk that at any given time, either MMWEC or MASSPOWER might be “out of the market.”The PPA also provided for a “bonus” to MASSPOWER for increased operation in the form of an increase in the Capacity Charge Adjustment Factor, or “CCAF,” if the plant's “Monthly Actual Dispatch Hours” were 85% or more of the total number of hours in a month.   In that event, the CCAF has increased from 1 to as much as 1.353, which number is multiplied by the base capacity charge to determine the total capacity charge billed to MMWEC.The calculation of “actual dispatch hours” is different from the calculation of “capacity factor.”   Any hour when the plant is dispatched to run constitutes an actual dispatch hour.   The capacity factor, by contrast, is the amount of generation actually produced by a generator over some period of time as a fraction of the total amount of energy that could have been produced from the unit based on its maximum available capacity.   Thus, running all 744 hours in a month at 50% operation level would yield a capacity factor of 50%, and a monthly actual dispatch of 100%.The system operator could elect not to dispatch MASSPOWER, even if MASSPOWER requested to must-run, or “self schedule,” the plant.   The system operator's primary concern was safety and reliability, which could overrule other dispatch considerations.Under § 6.5 of the PPA, MMWEC was to pay a pro rata share of MASSPOWER's commodity cost of fuel, which correlates to the actual generation of electricity.   This charge for the cost of the gas itself was a variable cost.   MMWEC also paid its pro rata share of the cost of transporting fuel to the plant.At the time that the PPA was being negotiated, MASSPOWER was expected to, and it later did, make long-term contracts to transport fuel from Canada and Everett, Massachusetts that it would be purchasing from suppliers ProGas and Distrigas, respectively.   These transportation contracts had fixed “reservation” charges for reserving space on the pipeline.   The charges had to be paid regardless of whether the plant ran and burned gas.The fuel supply contracts, which were ultimately executed in August of 1991, did not provide for fixed prices;  rather, the fuel prices under the contracts varied monthly with certain market indices.   Periodically, if MASSPOWER and its suppliers could not agree on new pricing terms, the contracts required arbitration of those terms, returning the prices to the market price.In addition to executing the PPA with MMWEC, MASSPOWER executed power purchase agreements with three investor-owned utilities (IOU's), Western Massachusetts Electric Company (WMECO), Boston Edison Company (BECo), and Commonwealth Electric Company (Com/Elec).BECo and Com/Elec later became part of NSTAR.WMECO and NSTAR are subject to the supervision and control of the Department of Public Utilities (DPU), a state agency charged with protecting consumer interests.  G.L. c. 164, §§ 76-102.III. NEPOOLNEPOOL has had at all relevant times a system operator whose function includes balancing electric generation with fluctuating electric demand, or load, in the region.At the time the parties executed the PPA in 1990, the NEPOOL system operator was the New England Power Exchange (NEPEX).   ISO-New England, Inc. (ISO-NE) replaced NEPEX in 1997.Within NEPOOL, member utilities are financially debited for the electricity consumed by their respective loads (for example, by residents and businesses in Littleton), and are credited for the electricity that they provide, either from generating units they own themselves or have under contract.At all relevant times, the six participating municipals were members of the Pool.At the time the parties formed the PPA, and throughout the period before MMWEC terminated the PPA, MASSPOWER was not a member of the Pool. Payments between MASSPOWER and MMWEC were separate from the Pool settlement system.   It was only in the late summer of 2007, after MMWEC terminated the PPA, that MASSPOWER became a member of the Pool.Whenever the MASSPOWER facility was available and ordered to run by NEPEX (later, ISO-NE), the six participating municipals received credit for 7.86% of the MASSPOWER energy delivered to NEPEX/ISO-NE in an hour.The Pool separately credits its members for the capacity of the plants that a utility owns or has under contract when they are available to generate even if they do not run.MMWEC's PPA with MASSPOWER thus helped the six participating municipals meet their capacity obligations to the Pool.PPA § 4.3 specifies that “the Facility will be available for dispatch by NEPEX in accordance with the NEPOOL Agreement and that the Facility will be deemed a dispatchable unit for purposes of economic dispatch by NEPEX․”  A “dispatchable” facility was one that operated only when NEPEX determined that it should do so.This meant that, subject to the grid operator's control for system safety and reliability, the plant was to run when selected by the grid operator based on its comparative incremental expense of generation in relation to other plants, as calculated in accordance with NEPOOL rules.The grid operator, which was NEPEX at the time the parties entered the PPA, would decide when the MASSPOWER plant would be turned on and at what level of output it would operate.The general aim of those rules was to select plants with the lowest cost of production first.Generally speaking, therefore, the facilities with the lowest incremental cost were selected for operation or “dispatched” before facilities with higher incremental costs.   Appeals Court Decision, at 6. Through this system of “economic dispatch,” NEPEX was able to achieve reliable electricity supply for the region for the least cost.The cost of producing electricity is the product of two variable factors:  (a) the cost of fuel to run the facility, and (b) the facility's efficiency in converting that fuel to electricity.   The efficiency of a generating facility in converting fuel to electricity is referred to as its heat rate.   Heat rate is the number of British Thermal Units (BTUs) needed to generate one kilowatt-hour of electricity.Fuel cost was the primary factor in determining incremental cost.   The lower the dispatchable facility's fuel costs, the lower the facility's incremental cost, and other things being equal, the more it was dispatched by NEPEX.Other factors considered by NEPEX in determining whether to dispatch a facility included the operating characteristics of the facility-the start-up time, the minimum run time, and any minimum downtime.In contrast to a dispatchable facility, a must-run facility was one that operated when the facility owner or operator determined to “self-schedule” the facility to run independent of its incremental cost.   A must-run facility typically operated virtually continually, except when system safety, reliability, or maintenance required the facility to cease operation.A must-run facility sometimes operated when it was not economic to do so, i.e., in circumstances where the incremental costs of generating electricity exceeded the price at which the electricity generated could be sold in the market.In addition, there is an industry-wide characterization of facilities that is based on the frequency with which the facilities operate.  “Baseload” facilities typically operate from 70-100% of the time.   They usually have high fixed costs and low variable costs.   When the fixed costs are spread over many hours of operation, the total cost per megawatt hour (MWh) is relatively low.   “Intermediate” facilities operate from roughly 20-30% of the time up to 60-70% of the time.   They have moderate fixed and variable costs.   They are the most economic way to supply the energy that occurs during weekday on-peak or business hours.  “Peaking” facilities operate from 0% to 20-30% of the time.   They have low fixed costs and high variable costs.In the late 1990's NEPOOL was restructured.In 1997, ISO New England, Inc. (ISO-NE) succeeded NEPEX as the central system operator.   In May 1999, ISO-NE changed the procedure for the dispatch of dispatchable facilities, discarding the old NEPOOL regulations for calculating dispatch rank order under “economic dispatch.”   Instead of selecting the facilities to be dispatched based on the facilities' incremental costs, ISO-NE began selecting the facilities to be dispatched based on an auction-style system of bids submitted by the facilities' operators.Generally stated, under this system, ISO-NE ranks the bids it receives from lowest to highest until enough generation is bid to meet the New England demand for electricity in any given hour.   The highest bid necessary to meet demand establishes the “clearing price,” also sometimes referred to as the “locational marginal price” or “LMP.”If a facility bid is below the clearing price, ISO-NE selects that facility for dispatch.   If a facility bid exceeds the clearing price, ISO-NE does not select that facility for dispatch.The facilities that clear, i.e., are chosen for dispatch, are paid the clearing price for each megawatt hour they generate.ISO-NE administers two markets for electricity:  the day ahead market and the real time market.For the day ahead market, each generator in New England submits bids by noon each day reflecting the prices at which it is willing to operate for each hour of the next day beginning at noon.The generators that clear in the day ahead market are scheduled to operate the next day and receive the day ahead hourly clearing prices for the MWhs they generate.If a generator is not selected to run in the day ahead market, ISO-NE can call upon it to run the next day in the real time market.   ISO-NE dispatches generators in real time based on their bids to balance the available supply of electricity with the demand for electricity.The generators that run in the real time market are paid the real time clearing price, i.e., the price bid by the last facility, dispatched in real time during the hour.The primary difference between economic dispatch by NEPEX in 1990 and economic dispatch by ISO-NE today is that, in 1990, economic dispatch was a cost-based process, whereas today, it is a market-based process.Self scheduling, or must-running a facility, means that for some period of time, the facility must be on-line operating, and cannot be shut down absent reliability or safety problems, or required maintenance.The owner does not need to schedule, i.e., must-run, the facility to operate every hour of the year, but can designate an hour-to-hour schedule.IV. MASSPOWER's Participation in the New ISO-NE Auction MarketThe PPA vests operational responsibility for the plant with MASSPOWER, and does not dictate the content of bids.   MASSPOWER itself has always prepared the calculation of the bids.After the new market came into effect, and with the support of MMWEC and the other purchasers, MASSPOWER submitted bids on a weighted average of the economic interests (opportunity costs) of MASSPOWER and its contract purchasers.   This meant that a portion of the bid was based on the variable charges under the BECo contract (which was based on indices, not actual fuel costs);  the WMECO and Com/Elec purchase agreements (for which the same was true);  the PPA;  and, with respect to the unsubscribed portions, MASSPOWER's opportunity to resell any gas that had been purchased under its fuel supply contract.MMWEC knew of this method and did not object.MMWEC benefitted from MASSPOWER's use of its fuel resale opportunities in calculating its bid because any resale proceeds were shared with MMWEC pro rata.MASSPOWER's bids needed to account for the risk inherent in the nature and structure of the gas and electricity markets.Because generators are required daily to submit a day-ahead bid unto the Pool, if a generator anticipates that ISO-NE will select its plant to run in the day-ahead electricity market, the generator will buy gas in the day-ahead gas market at 10 a.m., and derive and submit its bid to ISO-NE by noon.   However, the generator will not learn whether it has actually been selected by ISO-NE in the day-ahead electricity market until 4 p.m.MASSPOWER therefore faced the risk that if it bought day-ahead gas and ISO-NE did not select it to run, it would need to resell, or “lay off,” the gas it had purchased in the day-ahead gas market at a loss in the intra-day market.In addition, because MASSPOWER needed to reserve space on the gas pipelines to transport the day-ahead gas to its facility, MASSPOWER could incur pipeline penalties for gas that it could not use;  the penalties were often larger than the cost of the gas itself.   MMWEC would bear its pro rata portion of any such penalty.If MASSPOWER anticipates that ISO-NE will not select MASSPOWER's plant in the day-ahead electricity market, it does not purchase gas in the day-ahead gas market, and instead formulates its day-ahead bid into the Pool based on its prediction of the price for gas in the intra-day gas market, which generally tends to be a higher price than the published day-ahead gas price.   If the plant were then chosen to run, MASSPOWER would need to purchase gas in the volatile intra-day gas market.   If MASSPOWER has to pay an actual intra-day gas price that exceeds its anticipated cost, MASSPOWER might run at a loss for that day, to be shared pro rata by MMWEC.   MASSPOWER and MMWEC faced the same risk if MASSPOWER had not purchased day-ahead gas, and was selected to run in the real-time electricity market.Thus, MASSPOWER and MMWEC were subject to shared losses on those occasions when MASSPOWER wrongly predicted the intra-day gas prices.Nevertheless, when energy prices were high relative to the cost of fuel, MASSPOWER's plant was selected to run based on its bid, and MMWEC profited from the difference between the value of energy and the cost of fuel.During periods when it had long-term gas supply contracts but was not running, MASSPOWER would resell the natural gas that it had purchased under contract but had not burned, and credit MMWEC with a pro rata share of the proceeds.   MMWEC was aware of this practice and did not object.If MASSPOWER was selected to run after it had resold the natural gas purchased under a firm contract, it would purchase spot gas from the market.   MMWEC was also aware of this practice, and did not object.MASSPOWER's participation in the ISO-NE auction market became problematical as the restructuring of NEPOOL resulted in a building boom of new construction of more efficient power plants.   The new plants had a lower heat rate, that is, they required less natural gas to generate the same amount of electricity.Accordingly, the new plants could submit relatively lower bids, the result of which was that MASSPOWER was not selected to run as frequently.When MASSPOWER was not selected, MMWEC avoided the variable fuel costs it was required to pay under the PPA, and avoided paying the capacity bonus.On the other hand, the building boom lowered the market price of capacity, making the PPA's capacity payments more expensive than replacement capacity that MMWEC would have been able to purchase from the market.   Because of that, and the fact that it was paying a relatively high capacity charge to MASSPOWER at the same time as MASSPOWER was being selected less and less frequently by ISO-NE, MMWEC concluded that the PPA had become economically disadvantageous.Accordingly, the prospect of a buyout of the PPA became attractive to MMWEC.V. Deregulation of the Electric Utility IndustryIn 1997, the Legislature restructured and deregulated the Massachusetts electric industry to allow consumers the option of purchasing their electricity from suppliers other than their local utility (known as “retail choice”).Prior to enactment of the restructuring legislation, IOU's like WMECO and NSTAR had an obligation to serve customers within their franchise areas, and would either generate electricity or purchase it to supply to their customers.   The legislation changed that by separating the generation of electricity from its delivery.   Now, IOU's function primarily to distribute to their customers electricity generated by other entities, and to provide service to their customers.To facilitate its restructuring of the role of IOU's, the legislation gave IOU's strong incentives to sell their generating facilities.   It also gave IOU's incentives to buy-out or terminate above-market power purchase agreements.In particular, the legislation authorized IOU's to recover the above-market costs of any such contracts from their retail customers, thereby shifting the costs and risks associated with above-market contracts from the IOUs' shareholders to the IOUs' retail customers.Significantly, the legislation allowed the IOU's to finance the buyout of above market power purchase contracts through “securitization.”   The legislation authorized two state agencies, the Massachusetts Industrial Finance Agency and the Massachusetts Health and Education Finance Authority, to issue tax-exempt “rate reduction” bonds to finance the buy-out of the IOUs' power purchase agreements, and to secure repayment of the bonds by an irrevocable charge levied on the IOUs' customers.The restructuring legislation did not apply to MMWEC or the light department participants.Consequently, the restructuring legislation provided no direct incentives to MMWEC or the participants to terminate above market power purchase agreements.   The participants continued to have long-term service obligations to their customers, and, therefore, needed long-term resources, including power purchase agreements, to meet those service obligations.VI. MASSPOWER's Other Purchasers Buy Out Their PPA'sAs noted above, after executing the PPA in 1990, MASSPOWER signed long-term power purchase agreements with BECo, Com/Elec, and WMECO for all but about five percent of the remaining output of the facility.MASSPOWER's agreements with BECo, Com/Elec, and WMECO differed from the PPA in price terms.   Whereas MMWEC paid a flat 7.86% of MASSPOWER's fuel costs, the other purchasers paid prices set by contract and not tied to MASSPOWER's actual fuel costs.Accordingly, with respect to bidding or pricing the plant for dispatch and procuring fuel, MASSPOWER's economic interests were most aligned with MMWEC's, and the two parties in that respect stood “shoulder to shoulder.”MASSPOWER took advantage of the incentives in the restructuring legislation by negotiating buyouts of its power purchase agreements with WMECO and NSTAR.The buyout of the WMECO agreement was consummated on May 17, 2001.   MASSPOWER received approximately $80 million.On June 8, 2004, MASSPOWER signed an agreement with NSTAR pursuant to which NSTAR agreed to pay MASSPOWER $377 million to buy out its power purchase agreement.   The NSTAR buyout was completed on March 1, 2005.VII. The Must-Run ClauseAt the time the PPA was negotiated, the NEPOOL rules permitted plants to opt out of the “economic dispatch” rules and undertake must-run, that is, to operate irrespective of selection under those rules (unless otherwise proscribed by technical concerns).Under the NEPOOL rules, a plant could be must-run whenever it was available or, alternately, for limited periods (even just a few hours) or months on end.   In addition, a plant could be must-run for only a portion of its capacity rather than full output.During negotiations for the PPA, MMWEC had concerns regarding the fixed charges, which it deemed high.   MMWEC worried that it might end up paying the high fixed charges even though the facility was not being frequently selected for dispatch.MMWEC therefore asked MASSPOWER to guarantee that the facility would be dispatched frequently as a baseload facility.MASSPOWER refused MMWEC's request for a guarantee of plant dispatch because, over the twenty-year term of the PPA, dispatch would depend on many variables not under MASSPOWER's control.   MASSPOWER emphasized that while it was willing to take availability risk for the entire capacity charges, it could not guarantee dispatch, which it could not control.   All parties agreed that MASSPOWER's pricing should result in baseload dispatch.   They also acknowledged that baseload dispatch for the entire twenty-year term rested on many variables.As a compromise, the parties negotiated the must-run clause, § 4.3, which provides:Dispatch:  The Parties agree that the Facility will be available for dispatch by NEPEX in accordance with the NEPOOL Agreement and that the Facility will be deemed a dispatchable unit for purposes of economic dispatch by NEPEX ․ In the event that the Facility is dispatched at a capacity factor of less than sixty percent over a two year period, Seller agrees to cooperate with Buyer and the other Purchasers if they decide to seek to have the Facility declared “must-run” by NEPOOL.VIII. The Default/Termination ClauseAs discussed in detail above, Section 7.1 of the PPA provides for termination by MMWEC in the event of specified defaults by MASSPOWER.   That section states:Default/Termination:  If (i) Seller shall fail in any material respect to comply with, observe, perform or shall default in any material respects upon any obligation under this Agreement, except due to causes excused by force majeure or attributable to Buyer's wrongful act or failure to act, and such failure materially and adversely affects Buyer and (ii) after written notice thereof to Seller ․ such failure [is not cured or sought to be cured within 45 days], then Buyer may, by notice in writing, terminate this Agreement as of the date of such notice․IX.  Negotiations for Buyout of the PPA Through 2005A. Negotiations Prior to 2004As early as 1996, when the Electric Superintendent of Holyoke Gas & Electric Department, Brian Beauregard, became involved in the PPA, he was concerned about the PPA's escalating costs.In 1999, the parties briefly discussed a possible buyout, but made no progress because they were too far apart.   MMWEC remained interested in a buyout, however, as MASSPOWER negotiated and ultimately consummated buyouts from its other purchasers.MMWEC and its participants met in April of 2002 to explore whether there were any steps short of a buyout which could address MMWEC's escalating costs under the PPA. At that meeting Beauregard broached the question whether MMWEC could “break,” or terminate, the PPA. He was advised by Roger Bacon, MMWEC's Director of Power Supply, that there was no way that MMWEC could terminate the contract without cause, and that he found nothing in the contract that would provide cause.Thus, with no basis for terminating the contract, MMWEC remained interested in a buyout, as did MASSPOWER, but the parties remained too far apart.Beauregard and Scott Edwards, Assistant Manager of Littleton Electric Light & Water Department, were the prime movers behind MMWEC's efforts to buy out the PPA as part of their cost-reduction efforts.   Their employers, Holyoke and Littleton respectively, would be responsible for the largest shares-43.2% and 17%, respectively-of any buyout amount paid to MASSPOWER.Like MASSPOWER, MMWEC had entered buyout agreements of other power purchase agreements to which it was a party.In a typical power purchase contract buyout negotiation, the parties premise the negotiations on sharing a pool or “pot” of money that is created by the differential between the parties' respective costs of money.   In a typical, voluntary contract buyout negotiation, the pot was shared 50/50 or 60/40.B. Buyout Negotiations and the Parties' Dealings in 2004-2005In the spring of 2004, MASSPOWER advised MMWEC's Bacon that buyout negotiations with NSTAR for the remaining contracts were underway, and that it might be an advantageous time for MMWEC to negotiate as well.On May 3, 2004, MASSPOWER's General Manager, Jeffrey Bentz, and its consultant, David Nickerson, met with Bacon the discuss a possible buyout.   Bentz suggested a price of approximately $52 million, and Bacon suggested $32.9 million.Bacon's figure was not a reflection of MMWEC's actual view at the time of the above-market value of the PPA. Rather, Bacon had determined that the net present value of the PPA at MMWEC's discount rate was in the range of $53 or $54 million, and he believed that the right buyout value would be between $40 and $41 million.   However, to keep the conversation “realistic,” he suggested a number of $32.9 million in the hope that the parties would end up around the midpoint between that and MASSPOWER's $53 million figure.   The figures were preliminary, not firm offers or demands.Less than a month after that meeting, MASSPOWER and NSTAR signed their agreement to buy out the BECo and Com/Elec power purchase agreements.   That agreement was subject to state regulatory review to ensure that it was in the ratepayers' interest.When MMWEC sought to intervene in the regulatory review, NSTAR told it that if MMWEC blocked approval, NSTAR would look to it for damages.   MMWEC backed off.   The Court is not persuaded, on the evidence offered by MASSPOWER, that MMWEC sought to intervene for the purpose of gaining leverage in its own buyout negotiations with MASSPOWER, and so makes no such finding.Following the May 2004 meeting, the municipal participants demanded to, and did, direct and control the buyout negotiations with MASSPOWER.   The participants could do so because they dominated MMWEC's board of directors, and therefore controlled MMWEC.By May 11, 2005, the MMWEC board included representatives from four of the six participants in the PPA:  Ipswich's Raymond Shockey, Ashburnham's Stanley Herriott, Holyoke's James Lavelle, and Littleton's Scott Edwards.   Groton's Doris Chojnowski joined the board in 2007.Bacon, Edwards and Beauregard constituted MMWEC's negotiating committee for buyout discussions with MASSPOWER.In the fall of 2004, MMWEC recognized that the PPA was very valuable to MASSPOWER.   The town of Littleton had hired a consultant, Mayhew Seavey, who calculated that the PPA had an above-market value of $43 million.On September 10, 2004, MASSPOWER wrote to MMWEC to make a formal buyout offer of $52.3 million.   This offer was comparable in assumptions and ratepayer savings to the buyout agreement that MASSPOWER had negotiated with NSTAR.MMWEC's staff reviewed the proposal and discovered several “errors” in MASSPOWER's assumptions underlying the $52.3 million buyout price.   Adjusting those “errors,” and using MMWEC's own market value forecast, “the buyout amount declines to 40.428 million dollars ․ Additional changes in the spreadsheets' assumptions may further reduce the Net Buyout Amount.”   Bacon September 15, 2004 memorandum to participants (Trial Ex. 31, at 827 11 ).MMWEC and MASSPOWER representatives met on September 20, 2004 to discuss MASSPOWER's proposal and the negotiation process going forward.   Prior to the meeting, the participants had determined that they wanted a buyout price in the range of $8 to $11 million.MASSPOWER stated that its objective in providing its $52.3 million proposal to MMWEC was to “have a deal that very closely resembled what NStar negotiated.”   Beauregard's minutes, Ex. 34:  848.   Among MASSPOWER's key assumptions was that its proposal would generate “a ratepayer savings of 6% using NStar's public discount rate of 7.8%. They stated that they assumed that [the participants'] customers would be on par with the savings realized from Nstar's customers.”   Id.At the meeting, Beauregard stated that “the 6% discount factor could be a deal breaker even if we could agree on all the rest of the assumptions throughout the model.   It is not attractive enough for our customers ․” Id. at 851.Beauregard also reminded MASSPOWER that “there is a 60% capacity factor that must be maintained over a rolling 2 year period, otherwise [MMWEC] could strike a must run scenario.”  Id. at 850.   This remark drew a sharp response from Bentz, who stated that “this could be a legal strategy that MMWEC could pursue and they understand that-but ․ that [']would you really want to bleed just to make us bleed more.[']”  Id.Beauregard and Timothy Peet, MMWEC's Senior Project Manager, “very clearly identified to MASSPOWER that other than legal which is certainly a factor for us there are very real reasons why we would want to must run this unit in the future.”   They identified the following reasons:  (1) the ability to have the unit clear in the day ahead market for the weekday period “would be considerably more advantageous to our group as a known factor than have the unit miss most of the day ahead scheduling due to [the plant's] large startup costs and other interest factors that would cause the unit not to run;” and (2) for six of twelve months must-running would be an “insurance premium” as a hedge against power spikes and otherwise costly peaking power.  Id.Peet testified, however, the first reason applied only to weekday peak periods, and the second was not valid because “the cost of the premium to must-run the unit [when fuel costs are above LMP (market) cost of electricity,] just to provide a hedge against a possible price spike would be too great of a cost.”   Trial Transcript Vol.12, at 99.12  Nor did Peet believe that must-running the plant at full output continuously was in MMWEC's interest.  Id. at 100.  (See findings below as to both points.)MMWEC's broaching of the must-run option as a factor which MASSPOWER should consider was a shot across MASSPOWER's bow, intended to increase the pressure on MASSPOWER to lower its proposed buyout price.There was considerable dissension within MMWEC regarding the wisdom of threatening the must-run option, let alone any benefit such an option could deliver for MMWEC.   Bacon's view was that, under the market-based system in place in September 2004, “must-run is suicide.   It's nuts.   You don't do it.   The only reason you must-run a generator is because you have an offsetting economic value, there's a gas contract that you're forced to purge, you have to get it out of your portfolio.”   Tr. 5:  101.In other words, must-run operation would lose money in a market system when the cost of fuel exceeded the marginal value of the power generated.   MMWEC's staff and consultants explained as much to participants' representatives, including Herriott, Beauregard, and Edwards.   As found below, however, the participants had additional reasons for considering a demand for must-run.The participants were also advised that must-run would probably hurt MASSPOWER much more than the participants.   Ex. 50:  949.   While MMWEC was purchasing 7.86% of the plant's output, MASSPOWER would be responsible for the other 92.14%.MMWEC had other concerns about a buyout.   Participants were wary of paying money to buy out the contract when they thought the facility might not continue to operate through the term of the PPA, i.e., until 2013.Moreover, MMWEC doubted MASSPOWER's assumption that the capacity factor would at times exceed 85%, and that the participants' ratepayers would benefit from a deal modeled on the NSTAR buyout.   To achieve the savings for their customers attained by NSTAR for its shareholders, the participants estimated that they needed savings to ratepayers of 25%, rather than the 6% built into the NSTAR buyout.   The participants were also unhappy with MASSPOWER's allocation to them of only 6% of the “pot” of money created by the difference between MASSPOWER's and MMWEC's costs of money.MMWEC did not make any buyout offer to MASSPOWER in the months following the September 20, 2004 meeting.   MMWEC was waiting for more information from MASSPOWER, and MASSPOWER was waiting for a bid from MMWEC.   At the time, the participants believed that an appropriate buyout price was in the range of at most $21-23 million.During the last quarter of 2004, Beauregard and Edwards again discussed with other MMWEC participants simply “breaking the contract” if MASSPOWER did not substantially reduce its price.   Bacon, on the other hand, saw no basis on which to walk away from the PPA.No meetings between MASSPOWER and MMWEC took place between September 2004 and March 2005.On January 24, 2005, MASSPOWER again contacted MMWEC and proposed a meeting to discuss PPA restructuring options.On February 24, 2005, MASSPOWER contacted Littleton.   Littleton told MASSPOWER that it believed an appropriate buyout amount was less than $30 million.   However, Littleton agreed to consider a replacement contract.   The parties exchanged proposed replacement contracts.On March 22, 2005, MASSPOWER and MMWEC met.   MASSPOWER made a presentation comparing the alternative buyout proposals and concluded that the gap between MASSPOWER and MMWEC was quite large.MASSPOWER requested an indication of the buyout price reduction needed to achieve a buyout agreement.   MMWEC responded that agreement on a buyout would require projected customer savings of 30-50%.   MMWEC had obtained similar discounts in other power purchase agreement buyouts.After the March 22 meeting, the parties exchanged counteroffers relating to replacement contracts.   MMWEC and MASSPOWER met again on March 29, 2005.   MASSPOWER presented three options, each assessed by MMWEC as being about $39 million above market.Ultimately, negotiations regarding a buyout of the PPA, or a replacement contract, were unsuccessful and ended in an impasse in March 2005.As noted above, on June 8, 2004, MASSPOWER and NSTAR had signed an agreement to buy out the BECo and Com/Elec agreements.   Once the NSTAR buyout was approved and the buyout was consummated, NSTAR would no longer be the “lead participant” for MASSPOWER (i.e., the party that handled the submission of daily bids into the Pool).MASSPOWER alleges that MMWEC (specifically, Littleton) caused “logistical problems by withholding routine paperwork relating to the transfer of the ‘lead participant’ ” for MASSPOWER from NSTAR to FPL Energy Power Marketing, Inc.  (FPL).  MASSPOWER's Post-Trial Submission, at 65 et seq.After reviewing the evidence, the Court does not accept MASSPOWER's contention.   Rather, the Court finds that, despite internal discussions to the contrary, MMWEC participants reacted, in the end, in a timely manner to the requirements placed on them by MASSPOWER regarding the transfer.   Notwithstanding that finding, the Court also finds that Beauregard and Edwards considered whether they could hold up the transfer to gain leverage in the buyout negotiations, but were persuaded that they had no basis for doing so.X. Changes to the Operation of MASSPOWER's Facility in 2005During the period from 1993 to 2003, MASSPOWER operated the facility at about 80% of its capacity, and it was regularly selected for dispatch.   In 2004, MASSPOWER began selling the gas it purchased under the favorable fuel supply contracts instead of using the gas to operate the facility.   By selling the gas, MASSPOWER made more money than it would have by using it.However, because MASSPOWER's bids to ISO-NE were based on its opportunity costs (the price it could get by selling the gas in the spot market), rather than on the costs of natural gas under the long term fuel agreements, the bids were so high that the facility was infrequently selected for dispatch.As a result, MMWEC received significantly less electricity under the PPA, even though the PPA required MMWEC to continue to pay MASSPOWER $7 million annual fixed charges.   On the other hand, MMWEC also benefitted from its pro rata share of the profits from MASSPOWER's fuel resales.Although the decline in frequency of dispatch had begun before MASSPOWER terminated its long-term gas supply and transportation contracts in 2005, the latter accelerated the drop in MASSPOWER's frequency of dispatch because MASSPOWER now had to compete with newer, more efficient plants on the level field of the spot fuel market.XI. MMWEC's 2005 Action Against MASSPOWERThe Court has previously discussed, under “Prior Proceedings” above, the 2005 MMWEC Action.   MASSPOWER claims that, after it informed MMWEC on May 2, 2005, that the plant and the PPA would be put up for sale in a competitive auction process, MMWEC “plotted to and did file a suit against MASSPOWER not for the purpose of obtaining the relief requested in its complaint, but instead, for the ulterior purpose of disrupting the planned sale of the MASSPOWER plant in order to get leverage in buyout negotiations.”   MASSPOWER's Post-Trial Submission, at 91.MMWEC counters that in 2004, when MASSPOWER began to change the way it operated the plant and dispatch began to decline, MMWEC undertook a legal review of the PPA. Some MMWEC staff members and participants questioned whether the change in plant operation constituted a breach of MASSPOWER's obligations under the PPA;  in addition, some were concerned that MASSPOWER might sell the favorable long-term fuel supply contracts, and believed that MASSPOWER had no right to do so under the PPA.In the fall of 2004, MMWEC's general counsel prepared a litigation memorandum and then a draft complaint.   The litigation memorandum is not in evidence, having been withheld as privileged.MMWEC delayed filing the complaint while it was discussing a buyout of the PPA with MASSPOWER.In February 2005, MMWEC sent MASSPOWER two letters protesting the decline in facility dispatch and the corresponding harm to MMWEC.Those letters raised in Bentz's mind “the possibility of litigation with MMWEC, especially if restructuring efforts were to fail.”   Ex. 89:  1234.The minutes of a regular board of directors meeting of MMWEC on May 11, 2005, state as follows:Minkos [Michael Minkos, MMWEC's General Manager] reported that the MassPower Participants were unable to reach a settlement agreement with MassPower on a buyout, even after consideration of bringing in a third party to help facilitate a potential settlement.   MassPower has decided to put the plant up for sale, including the MMWEC contract.   Scobbo [Nicholas Scobbo, MMWEC's general counsel] has been asked by the MassPower Participants to look into legal obligations and any potential leverage.   Scobbo said that the Participants in attendance at the MMWEC Annual Meeting decided to recommend to the Board to effectuate some legal action against MassPower based on the legal issues addressed in the October/November timeframe as covered in a Memorandum to the Board.A motion was made by Edwards, seconded by Herriott, and it was unanimously:(Voted 05-47):  to accept the MassPower Participants request and that theMMWEC Board of Directors hereby directs General Counsel expeditiously to enter into a legal action with respect to MassPower based on the same approach and strategy as addressed previously.Ex. 98:  1287 (emphasis in original).MMWEC filed the 2005 Action on June 30, 2005.MASSPOWER never brought a counterclaim asserting that MMWEC's complaint was not advanced in good faith.After the trial, MASSPOWER never moved for attorneys' fees under G.L. c. 231, § 6F on the ground that MMWEC's action was insubstantial, frivolous, or not advanced in good faith.After reviewing the evidence, and in particular evidence cited by MASSPOWER in its Post-Trial Submission, requests for findings nos. 357-464, and by MMWEC in its requests for findings nos. 173-200, 355-415, the Court finds that MMWEC brought the 2005 Action for the following purposes:  (1) to pursue colorable claims, outlined by its attorney, that MASSPOWER was not operating as a baseload facility as required by the PPA, and that MASSPOWER was not entitled under the PPA unilaterally to sell its long-term fuel contracts;  and (2) to disrupt MASSPOWER's announced plans to sell the facility, so as to put pressure on MASSPOWER to resume buyout negotiations with MMWEC, and to gain leverage in such negotiations.   The Court further finds that, had the latter purpose not existed, MMWEC would not have brought its 2005 Action.The Court need not repeat here every fact which MASSPOWER has proposed in support of the Court's findings;  the following findings are both sufficient and illustrative.Between MASSPOWER's May 2, 2005 advice to MMWEC that it planned to auction the plant, and the May 11, 2005 directors' meeting, MMWEC conducted its annual meeting.   At that meeting, Edwards, Beauregard and Bacon discussed Edwards' view that filing a lawsuit might be successful in “remov[ing] the MASSPOWER contract from MMWEC's power supplies.”   Tr. 6:  5-6.   In that discussion, both Edwards and Beauregard stated their opinions that “it was time to have a dialog with the other participants and general counsel, the general manager, on a litigation to disrupt the sale.”  Id. at 8. Their strategy was “that the disruption would lead to a lower cost of the buyout by effectively trying to give you another bargaining chip in the dialog.”  Id.Herriott, MMWEC's board chairman, confirmed that the participants “were looking to use the tools we had to better our position,” and that they knew that bringing the lawsuit “would kind of put a fly in the ointment,” making it harder for MASSPOWER to sell the plant.   Tr. 11:  33.   Herriott characterized MMWEC's goal in bringing the lawsuit as not having to begin negotiations all over with “a whole new group of people,” i.e., new purchasers of the plant and the PPA. Id. at 31.   That goal also served MMWEC's purpose of preventing a sale and thereby preserving the leverage over MASSPOWER's existing owners that such a strategy could ensure.The board's approval of litigation against MASSPOWER on May 11, 2005 was with full knowledge of the strategy which Beauregard and Edwards had raised with Bacon and other participants at the annual meeting.   As the minutes quoted above state, attorney Scobbo told the board that the participants had asked him “to look into legal obligations and any potential leverage,” and had “decided to recommend to the Board to effectuate some legal action against MassPower ․” Ex. 98:  1287.   While the basis for such litigation, as stated in the minutes, is “the legal issues addressed” in counsel's 2004 memorandum, the Court finds that the board was advised and approved of the participants' strategy of initiating litigation to disrupt any sale, thereby gaining leverage in forcing a buyout on MMWEC's terms.MMWEC's 2005 complaint sought a decree of specific performance requiring MMWEC to operate the facility “as a base load unit and to deliver energy to MMWEC regularly and without interruption.”   Ex. 103:  1314.   That prayer for relief, while based on the language of the PPA, § 4.4, was subject to interpretation as a demand that the plant be must-run.The MASSPOWER partnership suffered damages as a direct and foreseeable result of the MMWEC Action in the form of legal expenses, and seeks only its legal fees in connection with the MMWEC Action.Jeffrey Bentz, MASSPOWER's general manager, negotiated and monitored the legal expenses billed by MASSPOWER's counsel, Foley Hoag, in the MMWEC Action.   He exacted a 10% discount from that firm.   The legal expenses that MASSPOWER incurred in defending itself against the MMWEC Action were reasonable, both in terms of the hours billed and the hourly rates charged.The total amount of legal fees incurred by MASSPOWER is $2,417,880.05.   Of that amount, plaintiffs paid one-third, or about $800,000, pursuant to the December 20, 2005 Purchase and Sale Agreement, § 4.3 (“MMWEC Escrow”).MMWEC contends that MASSPOWER's new owners benefitted from MMWEC's lawsuit, because they paid a lower price for the plant than they would have had MMWEC not sued.   MASSPOWER counters that MMWEC is unable to quantify any positive effect that MMWEC's wrongful lawsuit had upon MASSPOWER's general partners, and accordingly that it would be speculative and improper to deduct from MASSPOWER's damages, i.e., legal fees, any amount for a reduced sale price.MASSPOWER overstates MMWEC's burden.   MMWEC must prove not the amount by which the eventual $35 million sale price was discounted from what MASSPOWER's purchasers would likely have paid absent the MMWEC Action, but only that any such discount exceeded the amount of MASSPOWER's legal fees.Christopher Fleming, one of the principals of MASSPOWER's new owners after the sale in 2005, “testified that their company offered a lower price than they would have without the lawsuit but did not quantify any amount.”   MASSPOWER's Post-Trial Submission, at 121.   While such testimony “is not evidence of what the price would have been without a lawsuit,” id., it is evidence that the lawsuit caused some reduction in the sale price.Moreover, although Fleming did not “quantify any amount” of price reduction because of the pending litigation, his testimony provides evidence of the magnitude of that reduction:Q․  Did the pendency of the lawsuit have any impact on the price that Silver Ship was willing to pay for the MASSPOWER assets?A. Yes.Q. What was that impact?A. The impact was that we knew that the other bidders were going to steeply discount the purchase price because of the pending litigation.Q. So your testimony is then that Silver Ship was able to pay a lower price because of the lawsuit?A. Yes.Fleming Dep. (Ex. K), at 146-147.While Fleming did not quantify the amount of the discount, his testimony supports the inference that, knowing that other bidders would “steeply discount” the purchase price, plaintiffs accordingly “steeply discounted” their own bid.   The Court finds that plaintiffs' “steep discount,” resulting in a purchase price of $35 million, equaled more than the $2.4 million which MASSPOWER incurred in legal expenses, and considerably more than the $800,000 which the new owners actually paid under the December 20, 2005 Purchase and Sale Agreement.XII. MMWEC's Demand for Must-RunDuring the first few days of April 2007, MMWEC and the municipal participants learned that a new sale of the MASSPOWER project to BG Group, parent of the current owners (BG), was pending.MMWEC understood in April 2007 that, if MASSPOWER were to switch from the economic dispatch mode to must-run operation, that would be less economically desirable from the perspective both of MASSPOWER and of any potential purchaser.   Therefore, MMWEC knew that demanding must-run might disrupt the pending sale of MASSPOWER to BG.Kevin Wright, MMWEC's Power Supply Division Manager, asked Michael Lynch, MMWEC's Manager of Regulatory Services and Planning, to perform an analysis of the economic effects of potential must-run operation of the MASSPOWER facility.Lynch prepared a preliminary study that included analyses of operations under must-run and economic dispatch during a retrospective period from July 1, 2006 to March 31, 2007.   His cover memo, addressed to attorney Scobbo, copy to Wright, begins:  “We have looked at Masspower's operation vs. their operating the plant 24x7 in a must run mode.”   Ex. 137:  2098.Lynch's results for the retrospective period, assuming three different heat rates, showed that must-run compared to economic dispatch would have resulted in net losses for MMWEC assuming heat rates of 8,400 and 8,500, and a net gain for an assumed heat rate of 8,300.   His results for the prospective twelve-month period (May 2007 to April 2008), showed losses from must run, compared to economic dispatch, ranging from just under $750,000, assuming the most efficient heat rate, to just over $1 million, assuming the least.   His analysis also predicted losses for MASSPOWER for the year ahead, comparing must-run to economic dispatch, ranging from more than $9 million to $14 million.   Ex. 137:  2099.Lynch commented at the end of his report to Scobbo and Wright that “[i]f we assume that the plant was must run using their bid prices there would be losses․  If the numbers for Case C [i.e., the retrospective economic dispatch results] were computed on an hourly basis [i.e., as bids were actually made over that period] Case C would have greater value.”   The Court infers from Lynch's comments that using MASSPOWER's actual bids over the retrospective period would have shown greater losses assuming heat rates of 8,400 and 8,500, and a loss, not a gain, assuming the most efficient heat rate of 8,300.Lynch produced a final report with the following result:  “The results of our analysis range from a small gain [for MMWEC] to losses approaching $1 million.”   Ex. 143:  2127.   The latter figure reflected Lynch's forward-looking analysis, which showed that for the succeeding twelve months “losses were calculated [ranging] from $630,000 to $940,000 depending on the heat rate used.”   Ex. 143:  2131.   Lynch also reported that operating at greater than 85% capacity, which was likely under a must-run scenario, would trigger MMWEC's obligation to pay a capacity bonus under the PPA amounting to “$50,000 to $100,000 each month ․” Ex. 143:  2128 (emphasis in original).The final report also looked at the effect on MASSPOWER:  “[t]o determine the impact on the entire plant of being declared a must-run facility, we used MASSPOWER's bid prices rather than fuel-based prices and compared that to the Average Daily Day-Ahead LMP at the MASSPOWER Node # 497.   This resulted in a $26 million loss for the MASSPOWER facility over the study period [July 1, 2006 through March 31, 2007].”   Ex. 143:  2130.   That figure represented MASSPOWER's 92% share of the overall loss.   Tr. 11:  141.Littleton's consultant, Seavey, reviewed Lynch's analysis and reported to Edwards that Lynch's analysis understated the losses to MMWEC from switching to must-run.The participants received Lynch's report, and understood that switching from economic dispatch to must-run would likely cause them small gains or, more likely, modest losses.The participants also understood that Lynch's report assumed must-run on a continuous basis, and that must-running on peak hours only might have reduced or eliminated the projected losses.Following an “emergency” meeting of MMWEC on April 26, 2007, at which Lynch presented his report, MMWEC's board met on May 2, 2007.   At that meeting the board voted to request must-run under § 4.3 of the PPA. The vote was supported by directors Edwards of Littleton, Herriott of Ashburnham, Lavelle of Holyoke, and Chojnowski of Groton.On May 4, 2007, MMWEC's general manager sent MASSPOWER a letter stating “Pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Agreement, [MMWEC] hereby requests that MASSPOWER seek to have the Facility ․ dispatched as a ‘must-run’, or self-scheduled unit, by [ISO-NE], effective upon receipt of this request.”   Ex. 152.The May 4, 2007 letter also states:  “[m]ust-run operation, as defined the [sic ] NEPOOL Agreement, has been superseded by self scheduling as defined in Market Rule 1, Section III.1.3.2 of the ISO-NE FERC Electric Tariff No 3.” That section provides that “ ‘[s]elf-schedule’ means the action of a Market Participant in committing and/or scheduling its Resource ․ to provide service in an hour, whether or not in the absence of that action the Resource would have been scheduled or dispatched by the ISO to provide the service.”   Ex. 369.The definition just quoted does not define over what period self-scheduling occurs.   It is possible to self schedule a facility for certain hours or days.The Court finds that the PPA contemplated, and MMWEC intended, that the facility “would be self-scheduled to run at all times, short of whatever times it had to come offline, either for a planned outage, a forced outage, or ․ maybe reliability purposes․  [S]hort of any of that, it's all the time.   That was ․ our understanding when we submitted our letter of May 4 th.”   Beauregard Dep. Tr. (9/28/09) at 63-64.   That was also MASSPOWER's justified interpretation of the letter and of the PPA.13 The May 4, 2007 letter concludes:  “[t]ake notice that MASSPOWER's failure or refusal to [self-schedule the facility as a must-run unit] shall constitute a default under Section 7.1 of the Agreement, for which MMWEC intends to seek any remedies to which it is entitled, including termination of the Agreement.”   Ex. 152:  2163.In a letter dated May 11, 2007, MASSPOWER's counsel conveyed MASSPOWER's rejection of MMWEC's must-run demand.As noted above, MASSPOWER materially breached § 4.3 of the PPA by refusing to seek to have its facility declared must-run by ISO-NE.   The Court has also addressed above MASSPOWER's contentions regarding MMWEC's alleged duty to “cooperate” with MASSPOWER in reaching an agreed alternative to MMWEC's must-run demand.By letter dated July 6, 2007, MMWEC notified MASSPOWER that, because “MASSPOWER's failure to cause the Facility to be dispatched as a must-run unit has continued for a period of forty-five days following [MMWEC's demand for must-run], MMWEC is hereby terminating the Agreement as provided in Section 7.1 thereof.”   Ex. 163:  2270.   This action followed.XIII. Bona Fides of MMWEC's Demand for Must-RunMASSPOWER argues that MMWEC knew of the pending sale to BG, and knew that demanding must-run might disrupt that sale.14  Any potential purchaser would have known, however, in the course of due diligence, that under § 4.3 MMWEC was entitled to demand must-run because the facility had been dispatched at a capacity factor of less than sixty percent over a two year period;  that MMWEC had threatened to do exactly that on a prior occasion;  and that MMWEC had expressed its unhappiness with the PPA in numerous ways over a course of years, including filing the MMWEC Action in 2005.   In any event, MASSPOWER has failed to prove any harm to either the process or the outcome of the 2007 sale of MASSPOWER resulting from MMWEC's must-run demand.MASSPOWER also argues that MMWEC decided to demand must-run even though Lynch's analysis showed that switching to must-run would yield small economic gains, at best, and likely losses for MMWEC, and even though MMWEC board members and municipal participant managers had conflicting explanations for demanding must-run.MMWEC counters that the participants viewed the Lynch report as a worst-case, extreme scenario, and that using different assumptions showed that the price of electricity to MMWEC would be lower than MMWEC was paying when MASSPOWER did operate the facility.The evidence shows that the board members of MMWEC, and the managers of the municipal participants, had varying degrees of understanding of the Lynch report on the effects of must-run, and, more generally, of the potential advantages and disadvantages of invoking must-run under § 4.3. Nevertheless, with regard to MMWEC's May 4, 2007 demand for must-run, the Court finds (1) that MMWEC fully intended to follow through with having the facility declared must-run, so as to rid itself of a contract it viewed as requiring too much money for too little capacity and generation;  (2) that MMWEC also intended that its demand for must-run provide it leverage in any negotiations concerning a buyout of the PPA;  (3) that, had the second intention not existed, MMWEC would still have demanded must-run in order to achieve the first;  and (4) that MMWEC did not link its demand for must-run to any demand for a discounted buyout.XIV. Whether MASSPOWER's Refusal to Must-Run “Materially and Adversely” Affected MMWECMMWEC defends its termination of the PPA by contending that MASSPOWER's breach of its obligation under § 4.3 “materially and adversely affected” MMWEC, entitling MMWEC to terminate in accordance with § 7.1. Thus, argues MMWEC, its termination was not a breach of the PPA. The Court makes the following findings regarding MMWEC's specific assertions of effects it alleges were both material and adverse (i.e., “ ‘detrimental, unfavorable, or contrary to MMWEC's interests,’ ” December 2009 Order, at 1, citing Appeals Court decision, at 22).A. MMWEC Was Deprived of the Benefits of its BargainMMWEC asserts that it entered into the PPA for the purpose of procuring baseload electricity, and that MASSPOWER's refusal to must-run was “detrimental and contrary to MMWEC's interests because MMWEC was paying MASSPOWER $7 million a year in fixed charges and getting virtually no electricity.”   MMWEC's Post-Trial Proposed Finding Nos. 260, 262.   Moreover, MMWEC asserts, MMWEC was adversely affected by MASSPOWER's refusal to must-run because it “deprived MMWEC of the lower unit costs (cost/MWh) must running would have achieved.”   Id., No. 269.As to the latter, MMWEC's expert, Philip Hanser, calculated that the unit cost (cost per MWh) of electricity from the MASSPOWER facility was $66/MWH in 2003;  as the capacity factor of the facility declined, the unit cost increased to $76/MWH in 2004, $114/MWH in 2005, and $244/MWH in 2006.   Under must-run operation, the cost per MWH would have been $69/MWH in 2004, $104/MWH in 2005, and $102/MWH in 2006.As Hanser admitted on cross examination, he included MMWEC's fixed costs in making his calculations, even though he agreed that such costs (which are due under the PPA whether the plant operates under economic dispatch or must-run) ought not to be considered in determining the incremental costs of switching to must-run.   Tr. 18:  31-32.Accordingly, as to MMWEC's first basis for asserting material and adverse effect, the Court finds (1) that MASSPOWER's refusal to must-run the plant frustrated MMWEC's purpose and expectation, in agreeing to the PPA, of procuring baseload electricity:  because a baseload facility operates between 75 and 100 percent of the time, and the must-run provision in § 4.3 was in part a remedy for MMWEC in the event the facility's capacity fell considerably below that (i.e., below 60% for two years running), MASSPOWER's rejection of MMWEC's must-run demand deprived MMWEC of the capacity for which it had bargained;  and (2) that MMWEC has not demonstrated that switching to must-run would have lowered its per unit price.B. MMWEC Was Deprived of the Power Supply Planning Benefits of Must-Run OperationAs entities supplying power to wholesale and retail customers, respectively, MMWEC and the participants strive to have an integrated resource plan.   The purpose of such a plan is to supply customers with least cost electricity over time.   An integrated resource plan includes a power supply portfolio, which typically includes power generated by facilities owned by the portfolio holder and power obtained through power purchase agreements.The portfolio holder strives to have resources in place to supply a significant portion of its needs so as to avoid having to purchase power on the highly volatile spot market.   In determining whether the portfolio is achieving the goal of providing least cost power over time, the portfolio resources are considered collectively, not separately.   At any given time, some portfolio resources might be above market and others might be below market.A long term power purchase agreement allows the purchaser to avoid having to make short term or spot purchases on the spot market.   For this reason, purchasers are willing to pay a premium to procure long-term contracts.   Thus, including in a power supply portfolio a long term contract that provides protection against volatility, even though expensive, is not unusual.Indeed, achieving stability in the rates charged to customers is one of the fundamental tenets of ratemaking, and a primary goal of the participants.   Because customer rates are based on utility costs, including the costs of procuring electricity supplies, stability in the costs of electricity is critically important to MMWEC and the participants in terms of their ability to offer stable rates to their customers, and to avoid rate volatility.The participants included the electricity to be generated by the facility in their electricity supply portfolios as a source of base load electricity that would help the participants maintain reasonable and predictable rates for their customers.MASSPOWER's refusal to must-run had a material and adverse effect on the interests of MMWEC and the participants because it subjected them to the uncertainty of purchasing electricity supplies on the volatile spot market, and thus deprived them of the ability to advance their goal of maintaining stability in the rates charged to their customers.C. MMWEC Was Deprived of a Hedge Against Highly Volatile Spot Market Prices for Electricity, and of its Right to Overcome the Facility's High Start Up Costs and High BidsBecause the participants commit the majority of their load in the day ahead market, they want their resources also to be in the day ahead market to allow hedging, i.e., to allow them to avoid having to make purchases in the volatile real time market.The facility has the capability to cycle on and off, but it cannot start up or shut down quickly.   It has a five-hour start-up time, a 12-hour minimum run time, and then a shut-down time.MMWEC contends that must-running would have overcome MASSPOWER's high bids, and would have allowed the plant to clear in the day ahead market, providing a hedge against real-time electricity market power spikes or high price spikes.MASSPOWER contends that MMWEC would have received no such benefit from must-run operation because “economic dispatch already provided MMWEC with a hedge against high day-ahead market prices for electricity.   That is so because ISO-NE selected the MASSPOWER plant to run when the day-ahead market prices were high.   MASSPOWER's Post-Trial Submission, Proposed Finding No. 858.In any event, MASSPOWER contends, because the participants committed their loads in the day-ahead market, not the real time market, as a general matter they were not left “exposed” to real-time market prices for energy, and so did not need a generation hedge in the real-time market.MASSPOWER acknowledges, however, that “[i]nstances where ISO-NE did not dispatch MASSPOWER where it might have made economic sense were a ‘much more minor phenomenon ․’ ”-i.e., that such instances nevertheless did occur.   Id, Proposed Finding No. 866.MMWEC concedes that the plant's long start-up and minimum run times, necessary even during “continuous” must-run operation, reduced its ability to be an effective hedge in the real time market.On balance, the Court finds that MASSPOWER's refusal to must-run was adverse to MMWEC in that it deprived MMWEC of a hedge against real-time price spikes, and that the effect on MMWEC was sufficiently significant to be material.D. MMWEC Was Deprived of Increased Efficiency of the FacilityThe heat rate of the facility reflects its efficiency.   Generally speaking, the more efficient the facility, the lower the heat rate.When the facility was operating at about an 80% capacity factor, the average heat rate of the plant was about 8,268 Btu/kWh.   In 2005, when the facility was being less frequently dispatched, the heat rate climbed to about 8,500 Btu/kWh.In the period January through November 2006, when the facility was being even less frequently dispatched, the heat rate averaged approximately 8,660 Btu/kWh.If MASSPOWER had must-run the facility, so that it was operating at or near capacity on a regular basis, and frequent start ups and shut downs were avoided, the facility heat rate would have been reduced, its efficiency would have improved, and the cost of electricity it generated would have been lower.Heat rate is not an independent consideration, but is one input in the cost analysis.   From that fact, MASSPOWER argues that “an improved heat rate and more efficiency matter only if it ultimately results in lower overall costs to MMWEC and the municipals.”  Id, Proposed Finding No. 845.MASSPOWER defines the issue too narrowly.   Because, as found above, the participants included in their power supply portfolios “a long term contract that provides protection against volatility, even though expensive,” there was significant value to MMWEC in increasing the plant's efficiency and thereby lowering that expense.Accordingly, MASSPOWER's refusal to must run was both material and detrimental to MMWEC's interests because it deprived MMWEC of the benefits of a lowered facility heat rate and corresponding decrease in the price of electricity under the PPA.E. The Participants Were Forced to Secure Expensive Replacement ContractsMMWEC contends that, when the facility capacity factor declined and thereafter MASSPOWER refused to must-run, the participants were forced to cover for the electricity they were not receiving.   They had two options:  fixed rate contracts and heat rate contracts.In fact, only Littleton, Holyoke, and Groton purchased such contracts;  the remaining participants “covered” loss of electricity from MASSPOWER by going to the Pool. Littleton purchased heat rate contracts, Holyoke and Groton fixed price contracts.MMWEC has not established that the “replacement” contracts purchased by Littleton, Holyoke, and Groton were more expensive than the lost electricity they were intended to cover.   Accordingly, the Court finds that MASSPOWER's refusal to must-run did not materially and adversely affect MMWEC with regard to allegedly more expensive replacement contracts.F. MMWEC was Deprived of Potential Economic GainsMMWEC's analysis of must-run operation showed that at a heat rate of 8,300, must-running the facility would have resulted in a gain to MMWEC of $142,000 for the nine-month retrospective period.   MASSPOWER's expert, Jeffrey Tranen, disputed that gain by pointing to an economic dispatch analysis which showed a gain of about $1 million over the 41-month period from August 2005 to December 2008.   According to Tranen, that gain showed that MASSPOWER's refusal to must-run saved MMWEC money.MMWEC contends that any such savings would not have been material in view of the annual total revenues of the six participants.   Moreover, MMWEC argues, MASSPOWER's must-run analysis assumed inclusion of the capacity bonus factor.   “It is utilization of that assumption that makes must run operation appear to be more expensive than economic dispatch would have been.”   MMWEC's Post-Trial Proposed Finding No. 348.Appendix D to the PPA, “Adjustment to Monthly Capacity Charge,” provides for an adjustment to the Monthly Capacity Charge (as defined in the PPA) for any month in which the facility's capacity exceeds eighty-five percent (referred to by the parties as the “capacity bonus”).   Appendix D “establishes the formulae for determining the capacity charge adjustment factor (“CCAF”) to the Monthly Capacity Charge based on the monthly Equivalent Availability Factor and monthly actual dispatch hours ․ of the Facility.”   Ex. 11:  256.Because MMWEC was required to pay to MASSPOWER a capacity bonus derived in part from “monthly actual dispatch hours,” the Court interprets Appendix D as applying during those periods when the facility was operating under economic dispatch, rather than must-run.   Accordingly, the Court agrees with MMWEC that MASSPOWER's failure to must-run the facility materially and adversely affected MMWEC because it resulted in a loss to MMWEC of economic gains (i.e., relief from making capacity bonus payments) that would have been significant, if relatively modest.RULINGS OF LAWI.  Breach of ContractAs stated above, the only issues to be determined after trial on MASSPOWER's contract claim are (1) whether MASSPOWER's breach of § 4.3 of the PPA “materially and adversely” affected MMWEC;  and, if not, (2) MASSPOWER's damages.   MMWEC has, in the several respects found above, carried its burden of proving that MASSPOWER's breach of § 4.3 did materially and adversely affect MMWEC, and therefore that MASSPOWER's breach entitled MMWEC to terminate the PPA under § 7.1. Accordingly, MASSPOWER has failed to establish its contract claim.II. Breach of the Implied Covenant of Good Faith and Fair DealingCount II of MASSPOWER's complaint alleges that MMWEC breached the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   As stated above, the issues to be determined are (1) whether MMWEC unfairly or in bad faith exercised its right to demand must-run, and abused the legal process by filing the MMWEC Action, for the purpose of extracting a benefit to which it was not entitled-that is, a buy-out of the contract at a discounted price;  and if so, (2) MASSPOWER's damages.The purpose of the implied covenantis to ensure that neither party interferes with the ability of the other to enjoy the fruits of the contract, ․ and that, when performing the obligations of the contract, the parties “remain faithful to the intended and agreed expectations” of the contract, Uno Restaurants, Inc. v. Boston Kenmore Realty Corp., 441 Mass. 376, 385 (2004).   A breach occurs when one party violates the reasonable expectations of the other.  Id. However, “[t]he scope of the covenant is only as broad as the contract that governs the particular relationship.”  Ayash v. Dana-Farber Cancer Inst., 443 Mass. 367, 385 (2005).   The covenant does not supply terms that the parties were free to negotiate, but did not, Uno Restaurants, Inc. v. Boston Kenmore Realty Corp., supra at 388, nor does it “create rights and duties not otherwise provided” for in the contract, Ayash v. Dana-Farber Cancer Inst., supra, quoting Uno Restaurants, Inc. v. Boston Kenmore Realty Corp., supra at 385.Chokel v. Genzyme Corp., 449 Mass. 272, 276 (2007) (some citations omitted).Thus, one party may not exercise a contractual right for the purpose of depriving another party of a right or benefit which the latter party reasonably expects under the contract.   On the other hand, because the parties are free to negotiate and agree to terms of their contract, the covenant does not create rights and duties not otherwise provided for in the contract.   Consequently, “[t]he duty of good faith and fair dealing concerns the manner of performance,” Uno Restaurants, Inc., at 385, rather than matters or conduct extraneous to performance.   In Uno Restaurants, Inc., which involved the calculation of a sale price under a right of first refusal, the court was “reluctant to conclude that the covenant of good faith and fair dealing has, sub silentio, provided a specific form of protection that is not mentioned in the parties' contract.”  Id. at 386.As noted above, in the present case MASSPOWER argues that MMWEC exercised its right to demand must-run for the purpose of extracting a benefit to which it was not entitled-that is, a buy-out of the contract at a discounted price.   There is no dispute that the condition precedent to MMWEC's exercise of its right-i.e., that the plant had been dispatched “at a capacity factor of less than sixty percent over a two year period,” § 4.3-was established.   Nor is there any dispute that, when negotiating the PPA, MASSPOWER was free to demand protection from the harmful consequences that might occur should MMWEC demand must-run at a time when must-run would be economically disadvantageous for MASSPOWER.   For example, MASSPOWER could have demanded that the PPA allow MMWEC to demand must-run only when that was economically feasible, by some negotiated measure.MASSPOWER did none of those things;  instead, it negotiated what turned out to be a bad deal regarding must-run.   So long as MMWEC has satisfied the prerequisite of § 4.3, it had the right to demand must-run;  that such a demand might also serve another purpose of MMWEC-that is, to obtain leverage over MASSPOWER in MMWEC's effort to force a heavily discounted buyout-does not convert MMWEC's demand into a breach of the implied covenant.Where MASSPOWER could have, but did not, protect itself from the financial harm a must-run demand might cause, it cannot be heard to complain that it was forced to consider a less unattractive alternative.Viewed in that light, MMWEC's demand was not for a buyout to which it was not entitled under the PPA;  rather, MMWEC's demand was for MASSPOWER's performance of a negotiated term of the PPA. Because that demand was not a ruse-the Court has found that MMWEC fully intended to follow through with having the facility declared must-run-MMWEC's demand was made in good faith, and constituted fair dealing, so far as MMWEC's manner of performing § 4.3 is concerned.15 MASSPOWER's second basis for claiming breach of the implied covenant is that MMWEC abused the legal process by filing the MMWEC Action for the purpose of obtaining a benefit to which it was not entitled under the PPA. The Court has concluded (see below) that MMWEC abused the legal process;  such conduct may also support MASSPOWER's claim under c. 93A. However, because the duty of good faith and fair dealing “concerns the manner of performance,” Uno Restaurants, Inc., at 385, and because MMWEC's filing of its 2005 suit against MASSPOWER had nothing to do with the manner of MMWEC's performance under the PPA, MASSPOWER has failed to prove that MMWEC's abuse of process constitutes a breach by MMWEC of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing.III. Abuse of Process ClaimThe issues to be determined on MASSPOWER's abuse of process claim are (1) whether MMWEC filed its 2005 Action for the purpose of disrupting the sale of MASSPOWER and thereby gaining leverage in its buy-out negotiations with MASSPOWER;  and, if so, (2) MASSPOWER's damages.The Court has found that MMWEC brought the 2005 Action for the following purposes:  (1) to pursue colorable claims that MASSPOWER was not operating as a baseload facility as required by the PPA, and that MASSPOWER was not entitled under the PPA unilaterally to sell its long-term fuel contracts;  and (2) to disrupt MASSPOWER's announced plans to sell the facility, so as to put pressure on MASSPOWER to resume buyout negotiations with MMWEC, and to gain leverage in such negotiations.   The Court has further found that, had the latter purpose not existed, MMWEC would not have brought its 2005 Action.Accordingly, the Court concludes that MASSPOWER has established the liability elements of abuse of process, i.e., that process was used for an ulterior or illegitimate purpose.  Datacomm Interface, Inc. v. Computerworld, Inc., 396 Mass. 760, 775-775.   However, the Court has also found that MASSPOWER has failed to prove that the costs of defending that litigation exceeded the “steep discount” which partners of MASSPOWER enjoyed as a result of the MMWEC Action.   Because MASSPOWER has failed to prove its damages, its abuse of process claim also fails.IV. Violation of G.L. c. 93AThe issues to be determined on MASSPOWER's claim under c. 93A are (1) whether MMWEC unfairly or deceptively exercised its right to demand must-run for the purpose of extracting a benefit to which it was not entitled-that is, a buy-out of the contract at a discounted price;  (2) whether MMWEC unfairly or deceptively exercised its right to demand must-run, and filed the MMWEC Action, for the purpose of disrupting the sale of MASSPOWER and thereby gaining leverage in its buy-out negotiations with MASSPOWER;  and, if so, (3) MASSPOWER's damages.The Court's findings above lead it to conclude that MMWEC did not unfairly or deceptively exercise its right to demand must-run for the purpose of extracting a benefit to which it was not entitled.On the other hand, the Court has found that MMWEC's motivation in filing its 2005 Action was to disrupt MASSPOWER's announced plans to sell the facility, and thereby to put pressure on MASSPOWER to resume buyout negotiations with MMWEC, and to gain leverage in such negotiations.   MMWEC's filing of its 2005 Action thus constituted not only an abuse of process, but also an unfair act under c. 93A.As the Court has also found, however, MASSPOWER has failed to prove that MMWEC's unfair act caused MASSPOWER to suffer a financial loss (i.e., that the reduction in its partners' purchase price for the facility did not exceed the amount they paid in legal expenses for defense of the 2005 Action).While MASSPOWER has proved no financial harm, it has demonstrated that there was “ ‘some adverse effect on [it], even if it is not quantifiable in dollars',” Chapman v. Katz, 448 Mass. 519, 536 (2007) (citation omitted), and therefore that MASSPOWER is entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees under c. 93A. That adverse effect is found in the substantial time and attention required by MASSPOWER employees to participate in the defense of the MMWEC Action, including participating in depositions and testifying at trial-time, that is, that they were not spending on the business of MASSPOWER.   Moreover, c. 93A, § 11 provides that “[i]f the court finds in any action commenced hereunder, that there has been a violation of section two, the petitioner shall, ․ irrespective of the amount in controversy, be awarded reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred in said action.”Accordingly, the Court will award MASSPOWER its reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred in this action in respect of its prosecution of its c. 93A claim.To the extent that the parties' respective proposed findings of fact and rulings of law are inconsistent with the foregoing, they are denied.ORDER FOR JUDGMENTFor the reasons set forth above, it is ORDERED that judgment shall enter as follows:As to Count I, for breach of contract, judgment shall enter for defendant.As to Count II, for breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, judgment shall enter for defendant.As to Count III, for violation of G.L. c. 93A, judgment shall enter for plaintiff, which upon motion shall be awarded its reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of prosecuting that count.As to Court IV, for abuse of process, judgment shall enter for defendant.FOOTNOTESFN1. United States Power Fund, L.P., Project Finance Fund III, L.P., El Paso Corporation, and GS Power Holdings II LLC..  FN1. United States Power Fund, L.P., Project Finance Fund III, L.P., El Paso Corporation, and GS Power Holdings II LLC.FN2. The MMWEC Action (1) involved both parties to the present case, (2) presents a virtually complete overlap with this case of certain facts and contentions surrounding the PPA, and (3) is the subject of MASSPOWER's abuse of process claim here..  FN2. The MMWEC Action (1) involved both parties to the present case, (2) presents a virtually complete overlap with this case of certain facts and contentions surrounding the PPA, and (3) is the subject of MASSPOWER's abuse of process claim here.FN3. “NEPOOL refers to the New England Power Pool, a group of public and private utilities that utilized a central system operator to select electric generating facilities to meet demand for electricity.”  Id. at 3, n.4..  FN3. “NEPOOL refers to the New England Power Pool, a group of public and private utilities that utilized a central system operator to select electric generating facilities to meet demand for electricity.”  Id. at 3, n.4.FN4. Sic throughout..  FN4. Sic throughout.FN5. So designated for ease of reference in discussion below..  FN5. So designated for ease of reference in discussion below.FN6. Black's Law Dictionary (7 th ed., 1999) defines “material” as “significant, essential.”.  FN6. Black's Law Dictionary (7 th ed., 1999) defines “material” as “significant, essential.”FN7. Specifically:  “If (i) Seller shall fail in any material respect to comply with ․ or shall default in any material respects upon any obligation under this Agreement ․” Id..  FN7. Specifically:  “If (i) Seller shall fail in any material respect to comply with ․ or shall default in any material respects upon any obligation under this Agreement ․” Id.FN8. Specifically:  “․ and such failure materially and adversely affects Buyer ․” Id..  FN8. Specifically:  “․ and such failure materially and adversely affects Buyer ․” Id.FN9. I.e., the amount by which the “pendency of the [MMWEC Action] depressed the purchase price for the partnership interests, to the benefit of the current [MASSPOWER] partners,” compared to the costs to MASSPOWER of that litigation.  Id. at 4..  FN9. I.e., the amount by which the “pendency of the [MMWEC Action] depressed the purchase price for the partnership interests, to the benefit of the current [MASSPOWER] partners,” compared to the costs to MASSPOWER of that litigation.  Id. at 4.FN10. MASSPOWER's Post-Trial Submission's requested findings of fact number 1,142, spanning 294 pages;  MMWEC's Post-Trial Proposed Findings of Fact (MMWEC's Proposed Findings) number 548, spanning 90 pages..  FN10. MASSPOWER's Post-Trial Submission's requested findings of fact number 1,142, spanning 294 pages;  MMWEC's Post-Trial Proposed Findings of Fact (MMWEC's Proposed Findings) number 548, spanning 90 pages.FN11. Hereafter, “Ex. X:  _”..  FN11. Hereafter, “Ex. X:  _”.FN12. Hereafter, Tr. x:  _..  FN12. Hereafter, Tr. x:  _.FN13. MMWEC's intention that its “must-run” demand was for continuous operation is expressed also in its first notice of default, sent on May 18, 2007, to Bentz:  “MMWEC determined to request MASSPOWER, pursuant to Section 4.3, to self-schedule the Facility as a ‘must run’ unit, such that MMWEC receives the maximum possible energy from the Facility.”   Ex. 154:  2168.   The Court finds that the language “maximum possible energy” evidences MMWEC's intent that, except for those periods when the plant had to be shut down (in Beauregard's words quoted above, “times it had to come offline”), MASSPOWER was to run the plant continuously..  FN13. MMWEC's intention that its “must-run” demand was for continuous operation is expressed also in its first notice of default, sent on May 18, 2007, to Bentz:  “MMWEC determined to request MASSPOWER, pursuant to Section 4.3, to self-schedule the Facility as a ‘must run’ unit, such that MMWEC receives the maximum possible energy from the Facility.”   Ex. 154:  2168.   The Court finds that the language “maximum possible energy” evidences MMWEC's intent that, except for those periods when the plant had to be shut down (in Beauregard's words quoted above, “times it had to come offline”), MASSPOWER was to run the plant continuously.FN14. Interestingly, MASSPOWER's May 11, 2007 response to MMWEC's must-run demand states that “the timing of the [must-run] request is quite curious, coming ․ only days after a change in the ownership of the MASSPOWER partners.”   Ex. 261:  6062 (emphasis added)..  FN14. Interestingly, MASSPOWER's May 11, 2007 response to MMWEC's must-run demand states that “the timing of the [must-run] request is quite curious, coming ․ only days after a change in the ownership of the MASSPOWER partners.”   Ex. 261:  6062 (emphasis added).FN15. While the Appeals Court's ruling on MMWEC's claim (in the MMWEC Action) that MASSPOWER breached the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing addresses a set of facts not relevant to the present case, it does provide guidance with regard to MASSPOWER's claim here that MMWEC breached the implied covenant.   In the MMWEC Action, MMWEC claimed that MASSPOWER's breach of the implied covenant lay in its failure to operate the facility as a baseload unit (i.e., a unit operating “nearly continuously ․ 75 to 95 percent of the time,” Appeals Court decision, at 3), and its unilateral termination of its contracts for fuel to operate the plant.   The trial judge ruled that “because Masspower acted in accordance with its contractual obligations, it did not breach the implied covenant.”  Id. at 10-11.   The Appeals Court agreed:While it is true that the purpose of the implied covenant is to ensure that neither party interferes with the ability of the other to enjoy the fruits of the contract ․ the scope of the covenant is only as broad as the contract that governs the particular relationship.   The covenant does not supply terms that the parties were free to negotiate, but did not.Id. at 11 (citations and quotation marks omitted)..  FN15. While the Appeals Court's ruling on MMWEC's claim (in the MMWEC Action) that MASSPOWER breached the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing addresses a set of facts not relevant to the present case, it does provide guidance with regard to MASSPOWER's claim here that MMWEC breached the implied covenant.   In the MMWEC Action, MMWEC claimed that MASSPOWER's breach of the implied covenant lay in its failure to operate the facility as a baseload unit (i.e., a unit operating “nearly continuously ․ 75 to 95 percent of the time,” Appeals Court decision, at 3), and its unilateral termination of its contracts for fuel to operate the plant.   The trial judge ruled that “because Masspower acted in accordance with its contractual obligations, it did not breach the implied covenant.”  Id. at 10-11.   The Appeals Court agreed:While it is true that the purpose of the implied covenant is to ensure that neither party interferes with the ability of the other to enjoy the fruits of the contract ․ the scope of the covenant is only as broad as the contract that governs the particular relationship.   The covenant does not supply terms that the parties were free to negotiate, but did not.Id. at 11 (citations and quotation marks omitted).Stephen E. Neel Justice of the Superior Court



















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Wed Jul 26 08:32:30 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























MA Superior Court Opinions and Cases | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
Massachusetts
Superior Court of Massachusetts


Superior Court of Massachusetts Cases
Welcome to FindLaw's searchable database of Superior Court of Massachusetts decisions since January 2009.  
    FindLaw offers a free 
RSS feed for this court. We also maintain an archive of 
    Opinion Summaries from September 2000 to the Present. 
    Cases are browsable by date and searchable by docket number, case title, and full text. 




Party Name Search
Free Text Search
Search by Docket Number
	        
Browse by Court







 
SEARCHING MA Superior Court




Party name: 


 


Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 












 
SEARCHING MA Superior Court




Text: 






Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 














 
SEARCHING MA Superior Court




Docket Number:






Date Range: 

                        to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 










Federal Courts
United States Supreme Court
1st Circuit Court of Appeals
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals
3rd Circuit Court of Appeals
4th Circuit Court of Appeals
5th Circuit Court of Appeals
6th Circuit Court of Appeals
7th Circuit Court of Appeals
8th Circuit Court of Appeals
 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
10th Circuit Court of Appeals
11th Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Court of Appeals
Federal Circuit Court of Appeals


State Courts
California Supreme Court
Court of Appeals of New York
Supreme Court of Texas
Supreme Court of Florida
Supreme Court of Illinois
Supreme Court of Delaware
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Supreme Court of Ohio
Supreme Court of Minnesota
Supreme Court of Colorado











Browse Superior Court of Massachusetts Opinions

Browse opinions by calendar year:


2017

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2016

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2015

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2014

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2013

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC


View more years »


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Wed Jul 26 08:32:30 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.











Partnership Agreement - Joint Venture Jv Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Joint Venture JV Agreement     > PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Partnership Agreement
Joint Venture JV Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Joint Venture JV Agreement involves BLACK MOUNTAIN COGEN, INC. | Masspower Partners I, LLC | Masspower Partners II, LLC | Vice President, Group. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT Governing Law: Massachusetts      Date: 6/2/2015 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









 

Exhibit 3.126
 

SECOND AMENDED AND
RESTATED
 

PARTNERSHIP
AGREEMENT
 

OF
 

MASSPOWER
 

This Second Amended and Restated
Partnership Agreement (as amended or amended and restated from time
to time, this “ Agreement ”) of
MASSPOWER is entered into by Masspower Partners I, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (“ Partners I
”), and Masspower Partners II, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the “ Managing
Partner ” and, together with Partners I, the
“ Partners ”), as of April 1,
2015.

 

WHEREAS, Partners I and the Managing
Partner were parties to that certain Amended and Restated Joint
Venture Agreement, dated August 14, 1991, as amended by
Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Joint Venture
Agreement, dated December 28, 2005, pursuant to which Partners
I and the Managing Partner conducted business as a general
partnership in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the “
Partnership ”);

 

WHEREAS, Partners I and the Managing
Partner are party to the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement
of the Partnership, dated as of May 20, 2010 (the “
Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement
”);

 

WHEREAS, Partners I and the Managing
Partner desire to enter into this Agreement to govern the operation
of the Partnership. The Agreement is effective as of the date first
written above and supersedes and replaces entirely any and all
agreements governing the operations of the Partnership and the
rights and obligations of its Partners.

 

NOW THEREFORE, the Partners hereby
agree to amend, restate and replace the Amended and Restated
Partnership Agreement in its entirety and to continue the
Partnership as a general partnership in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts pursuant to the Massachusetts General Laws upon the
following terms and conditions:

 

Article I
Name and Place of Business
 

1.                                      
Name. The name of the Partnership shall be
MASSPOWER.

 

2.                                      
Principal Place of
Business. The principal
place of business of the Partnership shall be at 750 Worcester
Street, Indian Orchard, MA 01151 and such other localities
within or without the Commonwealth of Massachusetts as may be
determined from time to time by the Managing Partner.
 







 

Article II
Purposes of the Business
 

1.                                      
Purpose. The Partnership may engage in all business which
a partnership may engage in under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts.

 

Article III
Capital Contributions, Accounts, and Withdrawals
 

1.                                      
Capital Accounts.
An individual capital account shall
be maintained for each Partner. The accounts and records maintained
by the Managing Partner from time to time shall be binding upon the
Partners absent manifest error.

 

2.                                      
Capital Contributions.
Except by unanimous agreement of
Partners I and the Managing Partner, or upon dissolution, the
capital contributions of Partners I and the Managing Partner shall
not be subject to withdrawal. No Partner shall be required to make
any additional capital contributions to the Partnership without the
consent and approval of all of the Partners.

 

3.                                      
Tax Treatment.
It is intended that the Partnership
shall be a disregarded entity for federal, state, and local income
tax purposes.

 

Article IV
Profits and Losses
 

1.                                      
The net profits or net losses of the
Partnership shall be distributable or chargeable, as the case may
be, in the following proportions:

 



The Managing Partner:


1%




Partners I:


99%




 

2.                                      
Individual income accounts shall be
maintained for Partners I and the Managing Partner. Profits and
losses shall be credited or debited to the individual income
accounts as soon as practicable after the close of each fiscal
year.

 

3.                                      
If there be no balance in the
individual income accounts, net losses shall be debited to the
individual capital accounts. If the capital account of a Partner
shall have been depleted by the debiting of losses under this
paragraph, future profits of that partner shall not be credited to
its income account until the depletion shall have been made good
but shall be credited to its capital account. After the depletion
in its capital account shall have been made good, its share of the
profit thereafter shall be credited to its income
account.

 

Article V
Management; Board of Managers; Officers
 

1.                                      
Managing Partner.
Sole management and control of the
business and affairs of the Partnership shall be vested in the
Managing Partner unless otherwise delegated to the Board of
Managers or any officer as described herein. The Managing Partner
shall not be entitled to any compensation in connection with its
management services hereunder, but reasonable
expenditures
 
2 





 
incurred by the Managing Partner on behalf of
the Partnership shall be reimbursed by the Partnership.
 

2.                                      
Board of Managers.
The Partners hereby vest all
authority for the management and control of the b


 








 


















Joint Venture JV Agreement, Joint Venture JV Agreement Template, Joint Venture JV Agreement Sample - Free Joint Venture JV Agreement Forms (page 1 Of 17)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Joint Venture JV Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>





A joint venture agreement is a document used when a company plans to partner with a second party to develop a new product, business, or service option. The document contains the objectives of both parties, each partner's contribution, the purpose of their relationship, and provides a foundation for their new business venture with a time-line of the venture. The agreement includes the rights and responsibilities of the parties and what activities are discouraged.

One important feature of the document is how profits and losses will be split between the two parties, so both parties are aware of their partner's obligations. A solid agreement covers ownership, intellectual property rights, taxes and confidentiality. If the joint venture involves the formation of new business, the agreement may specify lists of board of directors, committees, and other individuals trusted to manage the direction of the venture.

A joint venture agreement also contains information on how to handle termination. If a joint venture between the two parties were to fail, the agreement would specify proper methods of termination and dissolution. The agreement is the number one way to protect both partners' interests. Notable examples of this arrangement include Sony-Ericsson and MillersCoors.        



Joint Venture JV Agreement, Joint Venture JV Agreement Template, Joint Venture JV Agreement Sample 






These example
  Joint Venture JV Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their
  clients. Use them as Joint Venture JV Agreement samples, Joint Venture JV Agreement templates,
  competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about
  transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of
  legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.




1) Weatherford and Schlumberger to Form OneStim Joint VentureParties: WEATHERFORD INTERNATIONAL PLC | Form OneStim Joint Venture 
								
								Document Date: 3/24/2017

2) Extends Strategic Alliance Agreement with DS Services of America, IncParties: PRIMO WATER CORP | America, Inc | Extends Strategic Alliance | Full Year 2016 Financial | Glacier Water Services | ICR Inc | Primo Water Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017

3) Joint Venture AgreementParties: ORGENESIS INC. | CureCell Co, Ltd | Orgenesis, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

4) Digipath, Inc. Enters into Joint Venture Agreement with Strategic InvestorParties: DIGIPATH,INC. | Digipath, Inc | LAS VEGAS, NV | OC Testing LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017

5) NEWS RELEASEParties: NABORS INDUSTRIES LTD | CJ Energy Services, Inc | Completion and Production Services 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017

6) Eco Building Products, Inc. Forms Subsidiary to Align with Industry PartnersParties: ECO BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC. | Eco Building Products, Inc | Eco D-Fence(tm), Eco Red Shield | Industry Partners | Wood Protection Technologies, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/13/2017

7) AMENDED AND RESTATED JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTParties: DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC. | Diamante Minerals, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017

8) Diamante Amends Mineracao Batovi Agreement in BrazilParties: DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC. | Kelowna, BC, Canada, January 26, 2017-Diamante Minerals, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017

9) JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTParties: ENDURANCE EXPLORATION GROUP, INC. | Deep Blue Exploration, LLC | EXPL Great White, LLC | Joint Venture Partners 
								
								Document Date: 1/11/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Florida
10) EX-99.1Parties: AUTOLIV INC | Autoliv, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 1/3/2017

11) Ameris Bancorp Announces Highly Accretive Joint Venture With USPF and an Agreement With Regulators Concerning BSAParties: AMERIS BANCORP | Ameris Bank 
								
								Document Date: 12/19/2016

12) For Immediate ReleaseParties: GREEN ENVIROTECH HOLDINGS CORP. | Green EnviroTech Holdings, Corp | MEAH Global LLC 
								
								Document Date: 12/14/2016

13) Wynn Resorts Partners with Crown Acquisitions to Develop and Operate Retail Offerings at Wynn Las VegasParties: WYNN LAS VEGAS LLC | Wynn Resorts Partners 
								
								Document Date: 12/13/2016

14) Joint Venture AgreementParties: DIODES INC /DEL/ | Chengdu Ya Guang Electronic Company Limited | Diodes (Shanghai) Investment Company Limited | DIODES TECHNOLOGY (CHENGDU) COMPANY LIMITED 
								
								Document Date: 12/13/2016

15) Corporate UpdateParties: STERLING GROUP VENTURES INC | Sterling Group Ventures, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 12/7/2016

16) PVH CORP. AND GRUPO AXO ANNOUNCE CLOSING OF MEXICAN JOINT VENTUREParties: PVH CORP. /DE/ | Baseco, SA | MEXICAN JOINT VENTURE | PVH CORP | PVH M�xico, SA 
								
								Document Date: 12/2/2016

17) JOINT VENTURE OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: NEW COLOMBIA RESOURCES INC | Barranquilla, Colombia and MSG Mining Corp | NEW COLOMBIA RESOURCES INC  MSG MINING CORP 
								
								Document Date: 11/29/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
18) STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENTParties: ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC | 2001 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA | Adaptimmune Limited | Adaptimmune LLC 
								
								Document Date: 11/10/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
19) STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AND REMARKETING AGREEMENTParties: RITCHIE BROS AUCTIONEERS INC | CATERPILLAR INC | IronPlanet Holdings, Inc | IRONPLANET, INC | RITCHIE BROS AUCTIONEERS INCORPORATED | STRATEGIC ALLIANCE 
								
								Document Date: 11/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
20) GEE Enters into Agreement with Shareco of HNA Group to Make Major Investment in GEE and to Form a Joint Venture to Provide Inflight Entertainment and Connectivity Services in ChinaParties: GLOBAL EAGLE ENTERTAINMENT INC. | Beijing Shareco Technologies Co, Ltd | HNA Group 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Simpson Thacher
								Document Date: 11/8/2016

21) FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEParties: LIGHTBRIDGE CORP | Lightbridge Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 11/4/2016

22) FINDER'S AGREEMENTParties: MATINAS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. | Aegis Capital Corp | Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 11/2/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
23) Saudi Aramco and Nabors Sign Joint Venture Agreement JV to own, manage and operate onshore drilling rigs in Saudi ArabiaParties: NABORS INDUSTRIES LTD 
								
								Document Date: 10/31/2016

24) CONSOL Energy and Noble Energy, Inc. Announce Agreement to Separate Marcellus Shale Joint VentureParties: CONSOL ENERGY INC | CONE Midstream Partners LP | CONSOL Energy and Noble Energy, Inc | Marcellus Shale 50-50 Joint Venture | PITTSBURGH, PA | Separate Marcellus Shale Joint Venture 
								
								Document Date: 10/31/2016

25) MASTER JOINT VENTURE AND OPERATIONAL AGREEMENTParties: AMERICATOWNE INC. | AmericaTowne, Inc | Ghana Banking Authority | Master Joint Venture | Nationwide Microfinance Limited 
								
								Document Date: 10/27/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:North Carolina
26) News ReleaseParties: PEBBLEBROOK HOTEL TRUST | Denihan Hospitality Group 
								
								Document Date: 10/21/2016

27) LIQTECH AND KAILONG HIGH TECHNOLOGY AMEND THE LETTER OF INTENTParties: LIQTECH INTERNATIONAL INC | BALLERUP, Denmark, October 6, 2016 LiqTech International, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 10/6/2016

28) NHI Signs Agreement With Bickford To Convert RIDEA Joint VentureParties: NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS INC | Convert RIDEA Joint Venture | National Health Investors, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 10/4/2016

29) AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTParties: ROYAL MINES  MINERALS CORP | GJS CAPITAL CORP | Henderson, NV | Restated Loan and Joint Venture | Royal Mines and Minerals Corp 
								
								Document Date: 9/28/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:United States Of America
30) Premier Biomedical and Advanced Technologies Solutions Form Pain Management Joint Venture to Treat Generalized, Neuropathic and Localized Pain With Natural Cannabis-Based ProductsParties: PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC | Premier Biomedical Pain Management Solutions, LLC | Premier Biomedical, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 9/23/2016

31) Premier Biomedical and Advanced Technologies Solutions Form Pain Management Joint Venture to Treat Generalized, Neuropathic and Localized Pain With Natural Cannabis-Based ProductsParties: PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC | Premier Biomedical Pain Management Solutions, LLC | Premier Biomedical, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 9/21/2016

32) TransAtlantic Petroleum Announces Entry into New Credit Agreement, Term Loan, and Pledge Fee Agreements, and Completion of Delvina Gas Joint VentureParties: TRANSATLANTIC PETROLEUM LTD. | Delvina Gas Joint Venture | TransAtlantic Exploration Mediterranean International Pty Ltd | TransAtlantic Petroleum Ltd 
								
								Document Date: 9/7/2016

33) bebe stores, inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial ResultsParties: BEBE STORES, INC. | Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial | Global Brands Group, Major Brands PVT, Ltd, Mamiye Brothers, Inc | PPI Apparel Group 
								
								Document Date: 9/2/2016

34) News ReleaseParties: RITCHIE BROS AUCTIONEERS INC | Ritchie Bros and Caterpillar Inc Announce Strategic Alliance 
								
								Document Date: 8/30/2016
								Industry: Business Services
								Sector: Services

35) MANUFACTURING  DISTRIBUTION JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTParties: FINDEX COM INC | Findexcom, Inc | Manufacturing  Distribution Joint Venture | Nanotech Materials LLC 
								
								Document Date: 8/23/2016
								Industry: Software and Programming
								Sector: Technology
								Governing Law:Florida
36) EXHIBIT 99.1Parties: SYNTHESIS ENERGY SYSTEMS INC | SES and Partner, Shandong Weijiao Group Xuecheng Energy Co, Ltd | Synthesis Energy Systems, Inc | Zao Zhuang New Gas Company Joint Venture | ZZ JV 
								
								Document Date: 8/19/2016
								Industry: Oil and Gas Operations
								Sector: Energy

37) AMENDED AND RESTATED JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JANUARY 31, 2003 BETWEEN THE GLAD PRODUCTS COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES IDENTIFIED HEREIN AND THE PROCTER  GAMBLE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATE IDENTIFIED HEREINParties: CLOROX CO /DE/ | CLOROX COMPANY | CLOROX CORPORATE SERVICES | CLOROX INTERNATIONAL COMPANY | CLOROX SALES COMPANY | CLOROX SERVICES COMPANY | GLAD MANUFACTURING COMPANY | GLAD PRODUCTS COMPANY | ITS AFFILIATE | PROCTER  GAMBLE COMPANY | PROCTER  GAMBLE RHD, INC 
								
								Document Date: 8/16/2016
								Industry: Personal and Household Prods.
								Sector: Consumer/Non-Cyclical
								Governing Law:New York
38) Internet Joint Venture AgreementParties: YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS, INC. | MEGTRON HONGKONG INVESTMENT GROUP CO, LIMITED 
								
								Document Date: 8/15/2016
								Industry: Broadcasting and Cable TV
								Sector: Services

39) SUBSCRIPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENT relating to a MIDS Medical Limited Joint VentureParties: BIO-AMD INC. | Bio-AMD UK Holdings Limited | Bio-AMD, Inc | MIDS Medical Limited | Zenosense, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 8/15/2016
								Industry: Medical Equipment and Supplies
								Sector: Healthcare

40) NHI And Bickford to Convert Joint Venture to Triple-Net LeaseParties: NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS INC | National Health Investors, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 8/5/2016
								Industry: Real Estate Operations
								Sector: Services

41) MASTER JOINT VENTURE AND OPERATIONAL AGREEMENTParties: AMERICATOWNE INC. | AmericaTowne, Inc | Ghana Banking Authority | Master Joint Venture | Nationwide Microfinance Limited 
								
								Document Date: 7/14/2016
								Industry: Misc. Financial Services
								Sector: Financial
								Governing Law:North Carolina
42) Document A101? ? 2007 Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Contractor where the basis of payment is a Stipulated SumParties: FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK INC. | Crossroads Architecture, LLC | Franklin Synergy Bank 
								
								Document Date: 7/13/2016
								Industry: SandLs/Savings Banks
								Sector: Financial

43) AMENDED AND RESTATED JOINT VENTURE AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT by and among THIRD POINT REINSURANCE (USA) LTD., THIRD POINT RE (USA) HOLDINGS INC., THIRD POINT LLC and THIRD POINT ADVISORS LLC DATED AS OF JUNE 22, 2016Parties: THIRD POINT REINSURANCE LTD. | INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT | RESTATED JOINT VENTURE | Third Point Advisors LLC | Third Point LLC | Third Point Re (USA) Holdings Inc | THIRD POINT REINSURANCE (USA) LTD | Third Point Reinsurance Company Ltd | TP GP, Third Point Reinsurance Ltd 
								Law Firm: Paul Weiss
								Document Date: 6/28/2016
								Industry: Insurance (Prop. and Casualty)
								Sector: Financial
								Governing Law:New York
44) AMENDED AND RESTATED JOINT VENTURE AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT by and amongParties: THIRD POINT REINSURANCE LTD. | EVP, Group | INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT | RESTATED JOINT VENTURE | Third Point Advisors LLC | Third Point LLC | Third Point Reinsurance (USA) Ltd | THIRD POINT REINSURANCE COMPANY LTD | THIRD POINT REINSURANCE LTD 
								Law Firm: Paul Weiss
								Document Date: 6/28/2016
								Industry: Insurance (Prop. and Casualty)
								Sector: Financial
								Governing Law:New York
45) MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MONAKER GROUP, INC. | Jasper Group Holdings, Inc | Monaker Group, Inc | Name Your Fee, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 6/23/2016
								Industry: Broadcasting and Cable TV
								Sector: Services
								Governing Law:Florida
46) STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENTParties: GIGGLES N' HUGS, INC. | Giggles N' Hugs, Inc | Kiddo, Inc | Strategic Alliance 
								
								Document Date: 6/23/2016
								Industry: Restaurants
								Sector: Services
								Governing Law:California
47) News ReleaseParties: MEDINA INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. | Medical Innovation Holdings, Inc | Medina Innovation Holdings, Inc | Medina International Holdings, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 6/9/2016
								Industry: Recreational Products
								Sector: Consumer Cyclical

48) EX-99.1Parties: SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC. | Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Company Ltd | Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc | TNK Therapeutics, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 6/7/2016
								Industry: Biotechnology and Drugs
								Sector: Healthcare

49) JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTParties: TECOGEN INC. | Tecogen Inc | TEDOM USA Inc 
								
								Document Date: 5/24/2016
								Industry: Electronic Instr. and Controls
								Sector: Technology
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
50) JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTParties: ORO EAST MINING, INC. | Hang Zhou Ci Xiao Tang Technology Co Ltd | Oro East Mining, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 5/20/2016
								Industry: Misc. Financial Services
								Sector: Financial
								Governing Law:California
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:1234567891011121314151617 
 
 

 


















Governing Law State Of Massachusetts - Agreements, Contracts
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Joint Venture JV Agreement  > States  > Massachusetts  

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>





A joint venture agreement is a document used when a company plans to partner with a second party to develop a new product, business, or service option. The document contains the objectives of both parties, each partner's contribution, the purpose of their relationship, and provides a foundation for their new business venture with a time-line of the venture. The agreement includes the rights and responsibilities of the parties and what activities are discouraged.

One important feature of the document is how profits and losses will be split between the two parties, so both parties are aware of their partner's obligations. A solid agreement covers ownership, intellectual property rights, taxes and confidentiality. If the joint venture involves the formation of new business, the agreement may specify lists of board of directors, committees, and other individuals trusted to manage the direction of the venture.

A joint venture agreement also contains information on how to handle termination. If a joint venture between the two parties were to fail, the agreement would specify proper methods of termination and dissolution. The agreement is the number one way to protect both partners' interests. Notable examples of this arrangement include Sony-Ericsson and MillersCoors.        



Joint Venture JV Agreement 
 Involving Massachusetts Governing Law





Provided below are links to Joint Venture JV Agreements with Massachusetts governing law clauses.  
Governing law provisions (also knows as choice of law or controlling law clauses) in contracts are frequently used by the agreement parties to specify which jurisdiction's laws will be applied to interpreting the contractual provisions and obligations.  By quickly reviewing Joint Venture JV Agreements to find contracts with Massachusetts governing law, you can customize your agreements to meet Massachusetts requirements.

RealDealDocs™ contains millions of legal agreements and clauses drafted by top law firms and organized into easily searchable categories.  You can browse through the agreements below or use our Advanced Search features to find exactly what you're looking for.




1) JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTParties: TECOGEN INC. | Tecogen Inc | TEDOM USA Inc 
								
								Document Date: 5/24/2016
								Industry: Electronic Instr. and Controls
								Sector: Technology
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
2) PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: DYNEGY STUART, LLC | Masspower Partners I, LLC | Masspower Partners II, LLC | Vice President, Group 
								
								Document Date: 6/2/2015
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
3) PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: DYNEGY POWER MARKETING, LLC | Masspower Partners I, LLC | Masspower Partners II, LLC | Vice President, Group 
								
								Document Date: 6/2/2015
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
4) PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: BLACK MOUNTAIN COGEN, INC. | Masspower Partners I, LLC | Masspower Partners II, LLC | Vice President, Group 
								
								Document Date: 6/2/2015
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
5) PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: MASSPOWER | Masspower Partners I, LLC | Masspower Partners II, LLC | Vice President, Group 
								
								Document Date: 6/2/2015
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
6) JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTParties: HUIHENG MEDICAL, INC. | Allied Moral Holdings, Ltd | BMG Diamond Holdings Limited | Intact Medical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 9/9/2011
								Industry: Medical Equipment and Supplies
								Sector: Healthcare
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
7) AMENDED AND RESTATED JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENTParties: Boston Financial Data Services, Inc | DST Systems, Inc | State Street Financial | STATE STREET CORPORATION  
								
								Document Date: 11/9/2006
								Industry: Computer Services
								Sector: Technology
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
8) AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALEParties: AMERICAN FINANCIAL REALTY | KINGSTON BEDFORD JOINT VENTURE LLC | FIRST STATES INVESTORS 228, LLC 
								Law Firm: Morgan, Lewis  Bockius LLP
								Document Date: 3/3/2004
								Industry: Real Estate Operations
								Sector: Services
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
 




1 
 
 

 


















Joint-Venture-JV-Agreement - Browse By Governing Law Clauses
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Joint Venture JV Agreement  > States   

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents












SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>





Joint Venture JV Agreements - Browse by Governing Law Clauses

Joint Venture JV Agreements frequently contain governing law clauses.  A governing law clause (also knows as a choice of law or controlling law clause) in a contract is used by parties to specify which jurisdiction's laws will be applied to interpreting the contract's provisions.  Browse the list of states below for Joint Venture JV Agreements to find Joint Venture JV Agreements with governing law provisions from that state.

RealDealDocs™ contains millions of legal agreements and clauses drafted by top law firms and organized into easily searchable categories.  You can browse through all our agreements and contracts or use our Advanced Search  features to find exactly what you're looking for.
	




AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 
























Power Partners, Inc. | Your Partners in Power













































 










HOME
PRODUCTSMEDICAL POWER
INDUSTRIAL POWER
LED DRIVERS

SEARCHMEDICAL / INDUSTRIAL POWER
LED POWER SEARCH

NEWSPRODUCT ANNOUNCEMENTS
COMPANY NEWS

ABOUT US
CONTACT USHEADQUARTERS
DISTRIBUTORS
SALES REPRESENTATIVES
REQUEST A QUOTE
SALES / TECHNICAL INQUIRY

 










Customer Service Help Desk

 



			Products		

Medical ProductsOpen Frame / U-Channel
Wallmount
Desktop

Industrial PowerPCB / U-Channel / Enclosed
Wallmount
Desktop

LED DriversConstant Current
Constant Voltage
Dimmable

 





Find Datasheets by Series
PDL100U-C-A
PDL120U-C-A
PDL150U-C-A
PDL60U-C-A
PDL80U-C-A
PIL120U-C
PIL150U-V
PIL200U-V
PIL250U-V
PIL26U-V
PIL300U-V
PIL42U-V
PIL76U-V
PIL96U-V
PDAM240
PDAM500
PEAD120
PEAD120B
PEAD150B
PEAD180
PEAD250
PEAD310
PEAD36B
PEAD50
PEAD60
PEAD72
PEAD90B
PEAMD120
PEAMD150
PEAMD180
PEAMD250
PEAMD310
PEAMD36
PEAMD72
PEAMD90
PEAMW12I
PEAMW12NA
PEAMW30I
PEAMW6I
PEAMW6NA
PEAW12I
PEAW12NA
PEAW20NA
PEAW30I
PEAW36I
PEAW6I
PEAW6NA
PJTA700
PMAM115
PMAM200
PPWA150B
PPWA250-A
PPWA250-B
PPWA40
PPWAM180
PPWAM280
PPWAM360
PPWAM65
PPWAMD300
PSAD36B
PSAD65
PSAW36I
PSAW36NA
PSAW65I







Product Search
Easily find your best power conversion solution by wattage, input, output, package style and more!
 Medical / Industrial 
LED Drivers





COST EFFECTIVE POWER CONVERSION PRODUCTS








Home Page Slideshow




PEAW30I
30W Wall Mount 
Interchangeable AC Plugs

Level VI Efficiency
Single Output Voltages from 5VDC-48VDC
Economic Choice for OEM Designs








PPWA150B
150W AC/DC
Compact 2" x 4"

Single Output Voltage
Open Frame or U-Channel
Wide Operating Temperature








PDL150U-C
150W LED Driver

10kV Surge Protection
Optional Dimming
Smart Over Temperature Control
IP67 Rated
Up to 305VAC Input















The Power Partners Difference
Our commitment is to provide design engineers, purchasing and manufacturing professionals a selection of best-in-class, power conversion products & resources:

Medical and ITE Safety Certified AC/DC and DC/DC Products from 1W to 2KW
Experienced Local Sales/Technical Staff
Individualized Inventory and Pricing Programs
Full Design Cycle Support: Product Selection to RMA/Local Repair Services

For the "lowest cost of ownership" power conversion products, search our product database or contact us to discuss your next project.
Power Partners, Inc. -- Your Partners in Power


 



			New Products		

PPWA150B Series 150W Power Supply
NEW!  COMPACT SIZE!
150 Watt, Universal Input, Single Outputs
Only 2" x 4" x 1.02" with U Channel & Open Frame Options
View Datasheet
PEAW30I Series - 30W Wall Mount Adaptor - Interchangeable Plugs NEW! Compact Package
30 Watt, Universal Input, Single Outputs
5VDC-48VDC outputs and interchangeable plugs for flexible worldwide use!
View Datasheet
 









43 BROAD STREET, HUDSON, MA 01749  |  PHONE: 978-567-9600  |  FAX: 978-567-9601  |  sales@powerpartners-inc.com



 
© 2013 Power Partners, Inc. | Warranty, Terms & Conditions of Sale




	Energy Capital Partners









































Investor Log-in








Contact






















Investing in North America’s Energy Infrastructure










ABOUT US

Overview
Equity
Credit




OUR TEAM


NEWS


INVESTMENTS


































Select Investments

                                                        Click on each investment for details


Print all Investments



















































EquiPower Resources Corp.

In May 2010 Energy Capital formed EquiPower, a power generation company that owned and operated a portfolio of fossil power generation facilities in the eastern United States. In April 2015, Energy Capital closed on the sale of EquiPower to Dynegy Inc.


Power Generation


Realized








EquiPower owned and operated the following power generating assets totaling approximately 4,685 MWs:
 



Lake Road
812 MW combined cycle natural gas power plant in Connecticut. The plant came into commercial operations in 2002 and was purchased by Energy Capital in May 2010, along with Dighton and Masspower, from BG North America LLC.


Dighton
178 MW combined cycle natural gas power plant in Massachusetts. The plant came into commercial operations in 1999 and was purchased by Energy Capital in May 2010, along with Lake Road and Masspower, from BG North America LLC.


Masspower
265 MW combined cycle natural gas power plant in Connecticut. The plant came into commercial operations in 1993 and was purchased by Energy Capital in May 2010, along with Masspower and Dighton, from BG North America LLC.


Milford
555 MW combined cycle natural gas power plant in Connecticut. The plant came into commercial operations in 2004 and was purchased by Energy Capital in January 2011.


Liberty
583 MW combined cycle natural gas power plant in Pennsylvania. The plant came into commercial operations in 2002 and was purchased by Energy Capital in October 2011 from a group of financial owners.


Kincaid
1,093 MW coal fired power plant in Illinois. The plant came into commercial operations in late 1960s and was purchased by Energy Capital in August 2013 from Dominion.


Elwood
50% ownership interest (735 MW) in a simple cycle natural gas power plant in Illinois. The plant came into commercial operations in 1999/2001 and was purchased by Energy Capital in August 2013 from Dominion.


Richland
444 MW natural gas and oil-fired facility in Ohio. The plant came into commercial operation in 1967 and was purchased by Energy Capital in December 2013 from a consortium of financial owners.


Stryker
20 MW oil-fired facility in Ohio. The plant came into commercial operation in 1967 and was purchased by Energy Capital in December 2013 from a consortium of financial owners.








































ADA Carbon Solutions, LLC

In October 2008, Energy Capital announced the formation of ADA Carbon Solutions (“ACS”) to develop and construct an activated carbon (“AC”) production facility in Coushatta, Louisiana.


Environmental Infrastructure


Current








ACS was formed in anticipation of federal and state regulations requiring mercury removal from coal-fired power plant emissions. ACS designed and built what Energy Capital believes is the largest, most automated and most environmentally friendly AC manufacturing plant in North America focused on mitigating mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants. The facility, which is called Red River, was completed in 2010, can produce 150 million pounds per year of AC and has begun shipping product to utility customers. In addition, ACS developed its own dedicated source of raw material, the Five Forks Mine, located in close proximity to the Red River plant.
 
In December 2011, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) released its final Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (“MATS”), which set stringent new federal limits on hazardous emissions from the nation’s coal and oil-fired power plants. After a few delays, the rule went into full effect for all U.S. coal plants in April 2016.
 
For more information about ADA Carbon Solutions, please visit the company’s website at www.ADA-CS.com.






























Cardinal Gas Storage Partners, LLC

In May 2008, Energy Capital Partners and Redbird Gas Storage LLC formed Cardinal Gas Storage Partners LLC, focusing on the development, construction, operation and management of natural gas storage facilities in North America. In August 2014, Energy Capital sold its interest in Cardinal to Martin Midstream.


Midstream Oil & Gas


Realized








Cardinal’s portfolio of salt cavern and depleted reservoir gas storage development projects included:
 



Arcadia
An operating salt cavern natural gas storage facility in Bienville Parish, LA.


Cadeville
An operating depleted reservoir facility in Ouachita Parish, LA.


Perryville
An operating salt cavern facility in Franklin Parish, LA.


Monroe
An operating depleted reservoir facility in Monroe County, MS; the facility was acquired by Cardinal in May 2011.

































CE2 Carbon Capital, LLC

CE2 Carbon Capital was formed to invest in carbon offsets and other assets focused on reducing greenhouse gas emissions in North America.


Other


Realized







































STEAG SCR-Tech

In August 2011, Energy Capital acquired CoaLogix, the established leader in selective catalytic reduction (“SCR”) management services and catalyst regeneration technologies used by coal-fired power plants to reduce nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions. In January 2016, CoaLogix merged with competitor STEAG Energy Services, forming STEAG SCR-Tech. 


Environmental Infrastructure


Current








STEAG SCR-Tech provides innovative, cost-effective solutions that help utility customers achieve and maintain compliance with increasingly stringent environmental regulations. SCR is the leading control technology for reducing NOx emissions from coal-fired power plants worldwide. Within an SCR system, power plant flue gas reacts with a catalyst enabling a chemical reaction to transform NOx emissions into environmentally friendly, nitrogen and water vapor. Over time, catalysts in the SCR system must be replaced or regenerated to maintain effective NOx reduction. Through its proprietary processes, STEAG SCR-Tech regenerates deactivated catalysts at a substantial discount relative to the replacement cost of catalysts, while also eliminating the need for catalyst disposal and catalyst inventory storage. With operations in China and a large European customer base, STEAG SCR-Tech provides a vital global service for reducing coal plant emissions.For more information about STEAG SCR-Tech, visit the company’s website at www.steagscrtech.com/us-home. 






























Empire Gen Holdings, Inc.

Energy Capital purchased Empire, a 635 MW combined cycle natural gas turbine (“CCGT”) power plant in Rensselaer, New York, in July 2007 during its development stage and prior to construction commencement. The plant began commercial operations in September 2010 after a successful 3 year construction period.


Power Generation


Realized








Empire is located 150 miles north of New York City across the Hudson River from Albany. The plant uses General Electric 7FA combustion turbines in a combined-cycle configuration and Alstom Heat Recovery Steam Generators. Empire is one of the largest power plants to come online in the northeast in recent years, and is among the most efficient and lowest cost producers in the region.Through a management agreement, Wheelabrator Technologies Inc., an Energy Capital generation platform, acts as asset manager for the Empire plant and lends its generation expertise to oversee plant activities in the areas of commercial dispatch, operations and maintenance and human resources.
For more information about Empire, please visit the company’s website at www.EmpireGen.com.






























FirstLight Power Resources, Inc.

A diverse portfolio of predominantly hydro-generation plants acquired by Energy Capital in November 2006 for $1.34 billion and sold to a subsidiary of GDF SUEZ (EPA: GSZ) in December 2008.


Power Generation


Realized








FirstLight owned and operated a portfolio of 15 high-quality power plants in Massachusetts and Connecticut, representing more than 1,440 MW of generating capacity. It included Northfield Mountain, a 1,080 MW pumped storage station, a 96 MW new build gas-fired plant in Connecticut (Waterbury Generation), 13 hydro stations, one coal-fired power plant and one oil-fired internal combustion peaker. FirstLight’s power plants were strategically located in the most transmission constrained states within the New England wholesale power market.






























NextLight Renewable Power, LLC

NextLight was formed by Energy Capital in December 2007 to develop, acquire, own, manage and operate utility-scale solar power plants in the western U.S. By the time the company was sold to First Solar, Inc. (Nasdaq: FSLR) in July 2010, it had grown to become the largest pure-play utility-scale developer of solar power plants in the U.S.


Renewable Energy


Realized








NextLight was formed in response to the growing demand for utility-scale solar power in California and across the desert southwest U.S. Energy Capital identified a market need for a best-in-class power development firm that was not pursuing a specific agenda of deploying its own solar technology. At the time of its sales, NextLight had $5 billion of utility-scale, technology-neutral solar construction projects in the Southwest, including: three shovel-ready projects with long-term PPAs totaling 570 MW, five projects in advanced development totaling 750 MW, and site control for another 3,257 MW in early stage development.One of NextLight's projects, the Agua Caliente Solar Project, was completed in early 2014 and is one of the largest solar PV project in the world at 290 MWs.






























Odessa Power Holdings, LLC

In July 2011, Energy Capital acquired Odessa, a 1,000 MW combined cycle natural gas turbine (“CCGT”) power plant in West Texas. This 2001 vintage power plant utilizes General Electric 7FA technology and supplies power to the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (“ERCOT”). In December 2013, Energy Capital closed on the sale of Odessa to a subsidiary of Koch Energy Services, LLC.


Power Generation


Realized








Prior to realization, EquiPower Resources Corp., an Energy Capital generation platform, acted as asset manager for the Odessa power plant.






























PLH Group, Inc.

Energy Capital formed PLH Group, Inc. in 2009 to focus on acquiring and integrating a select group of construction and maintenance services providers to the electric power delivery and pipeline industries.


Energy Services


Current








The company’s acquisitions include Sun Electric, TESSCO, AIR 2, Auger Services, Snelson Companies, IPS Engineering, Southeast Directional Drilling, M&M Pipeline Services, Energy Services South, Pipeworx, TTR Substations, Edison Power Constructors, and R.B. Hinkle Construction. The PLH companies combined have over 2,200 employees and a fleet of over 4,500 pieces of specialized equipment, and PLH is actively seeking to expand further its service offerings and geographic footprint. PLH is positioned to capitalize on new energy infrastructure construction projects including upgrades and maintenance to the existing power grid, gas, oil and products pipeline and related infrastructure construction and integrity programs, and electrification of remote oil and gas drilling sites. 
 
For more information about PLH, please visit the company’s website at www.PLHGroupInc.com.






























Red Oak Power, LLC

Energy Capital acquired the 830 MW Red Oak power plant in Sayreville, New Jersey from a subsidiary of The AES Corporation (NYSE: AES) in April 2012. Red Oak sells power under a long-term contract expiring in 2022. In November 2013, Energy Capital sold Red Oak to The Carlyle Group.


Power Generation


Realized








Red Oak is a 2002 vintage combined cycle gas turbine facility that uses proven low heat rate Siemens 501F technology, which has a long track record of reliability in power plants across the U.S. During the past five years the plant has achieved consistently strong operating performance with high availability and low forced outage rates.Prior to realization, EquiPower Resources Corp., an Energy Capital generation platform, acted as asset manager for the Red Oak power plant.






























Summit Midstream Partners, LLC

In September 2009, Energy Capital formed Summit Midstream Partners to focus on acquiring and developing a portfolio of Master Limited Partnership (“MLP”) qualifying midstream energy infrastructure assets that are strategically located in traditional and emerging North American production basins and import centers. In August 2011, Energy Capital sold an interest in Summit to GE Energy Financial Services, a unit of GE (NYSE: GE). On September 27, 2012, Summit Midstream Partners, LP priced an Initial Public Offering on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “SMLP.”


Midstream Oil & Gas


Current








SMLP owns six high quality gathering and compression systems:
 



Barnett Shale

Natural gas gathering system in the core of the Barnett Shale within the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex
 



Piceance Basin

Natural gas gathering and processing system operating in the Mersaverde and Niobrara formations of the Piceance natural gas basin. Includes Red Rock, a natural gas gathering and processing system in the Piceance and Uinta Basins, acquired from SMP Holdings in March 2014
 



Willingston Basin

Crude oil, produced water, and associated natural gas gathering system located in Mountrail and Burke counties in North Dakota
 



Marcellus Shale

High-pressure gas gathering and compression assets located in the rich gas window of the Marcellus Shale
 



Utica Shale

Made up of two assets: Ohio Gathering and Summit Utica. Ohio Gathering, of which 40% interest was acquired in June 2014, consists of a liquids-rich gas gathering system and a separate dry gas gathering system, as well as a condensate transportation, storage and stabilization facility located in the southern core of the Utica Shale. Summit Utica is developing a wholly-owned natural gas gathering system in the dry gas window in southeastern Ohio, with XTO as the anchor customer
 



DJ Basin
Associated natural gas gathering system and a cryogenic processing plant located in Weld County, Colorado, with EOG Resources as the anchor customer



 
For more information about Summit Midstream Partners, please visit the company's website at www.SummitMidstream.com.






























SunZia Southwest Transmission Project, LLC

In June 2008, Energy Capital and five partners announced an agreement to develop the SunZia Southwest Transmission Project, a transmission line that will connect renewable energy sources in New Mexico and Arizona to Phoenix and other load centers. In September 2010, Southwestern Power Group agreed to purchase Energy Capital’s stake in the project.


Electric Transmission


Realized








The first phase of development is a 460-mile high-capacity transmission project planned between New Mexico and Arizona. The primary purpose of the line is to connect remotely sited renewable energy sources such as wind, solar and geothermal projects in both states to Phoenix and other load centers. When fully developed, the Sunzia project is expected to provide 3,000 MWs of new transmission capacity.






























Waterbury Generation LLC

In mid-2007, Energy Capital, through FirstLight Power Resources, Inc., an Energy Capital power generation platform, acquired the exclusive development rights for a 96 MW gas-fired power plant in Waterbury, Connecticut. The project was sold to a subsidiary of GDF SUEZ (EPA: GSZ) in December 2008.


Power Generation


Realized








The Waterbury project, a state-of-the-art simple cycle peaking facility, was one of four projects selected in May 2007 by the Connecticut Department of Public Utility Control (“DPUC”) in its RFP process for new capacity. The DPUC awarded the project company a 10-year contract with the United Illuminating Company for the sale of 100% of the capacity and locational forward reserves associated with the facility. The Waterbury project began commercial operations in July 2009 following a 2 year construction period under ECP’s ownership.






























Chieftain Sand and Proppant LLC

In July 2012, Energy Capital funded the recapitalization of Chieftain Sand from its Mezzanine Opportunities Fund. Chieftain Sand is a producer of frac sand that meets strict technical specifications for use in the oil and gas industry.


Energy Services


Current








Frac sand is required to permanently prop open factures created by the hydraulic fracturing process to unlock oil and gas from unconventional and conventional formations in North America. The majority of all domestic oil and gas drilling and development utilizes frac sand, and it is also used to improve recoveries in existing producing wells. Chieftain Sand owns and operates two frac sand production plants in Wisconsin and Arkansas.For more information about Chieftain Sand Proppant, please visit the company’s website at www.ChieftainSand.com.






























Broad River Power LLC

In December 2012, Energy Capital acquired Broad River, a 847 MW simple cycle, natural gas-fired power plant located in Gaffney, South Carolina. The plant began commercial operations in June 2000 and has had a strong operating history. The plant sells 100% of its output through two long-term power contracts with Carolina Power & Light Co., a subsidiary of Duke Energy Corp. 


Power Generation


Realized








In October 2016, Energy Capital sold the facility to an affiliate of Arroyo Energy Investors.






























Sungevity, Inc.

In  January 2013, Energy Capital provided Sungevity with project financing from its  Mezzanine Opportunities Fund. Sungevity is a leading distributed solar company  focused on the residential market providing customers with 20-year  leases.


Renewable Energy


Realized








Sungevity utilizes its online iQuote process to remotely  design residential solar energy systems over the internet (using satellite  imagery) to efficiently build its network of monthly-pay solar customers and  make it easy and affordable for homeowners to benefit from solar power.
 
For  more information about Sungevity, please visit the company’s website at www.Sungevity.com.






























ProPetro Services, Inc.

In March 2013, Energy Capital announced the acquisition of ProPetro Services, a Midland, Texas based oilfield service provider. ProPetro is a leading provider of critical well completion and drilling services to upstream oil and gas customers throughout the Permian Basin, the Mid-Continent, and the Uinta-Piceance region of the Rocky Mountains.
In March 2017, ProPetro successfully completed its Initial Public Offering IPO at $14.00/share, and now trades on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “PUMP.”


Energy Services


Current








The Company offers a diversified suite of integrated services, including pressure pumping, land drilling, coiled tubing, cementing and flowback, which provide a balanced exposure to all stages of a well’s life cycle. The Company’s operations are predominantly oil-directed and well positioned to take advantage of the expected continuation of unconventional drilling activity levels in the region.
 
For more information about ProPetro Services, please visit the company’s website at www.propetroservices.com.






























EnergySolutions, Inc.

In May 2013, Energy Capital acquired EnergySolutions, Inc., a leading global provider of low-level radioactive waste management and other nuclear services to government and commercial customers, for approximately $1.2 billion from public shareholders in a take-private transaction. The company’s broad range of service offerings includes plant decommissioning, environmental remediation projects, engineering, in-plant support services, and transportation logistics, processing and disposal of low-level radioactive waste. EnergySolutions also provides the nuclear industry with critical back-end products and technologies.


Environmental Infrastructure


Current








EnergySolutions owns, operates and maintains among the largest commercial disposal facilities, processing facilities, and logistics and transportation businesses for low-level radioactive waste in the United States. Virtually all commercial nuclear plants in the U.S., the U.S. Government and numerous international customers use the company’s products, services or facilities.
 
For more information about EnergySolutions, please visit the company’s website at www.EnergySolutions.com.






























Rimrock Midstream, LLC

In November 2013, Energy Capital made an investment in Rimrock Midstream, LLC from its Mezzanine Opportunities Fund.  Rimrock is a growth-oriented company formed to acquire, develop and operate a portfolio of midstream energy infrastructure assets through a buy-and-build strategy.


Midstream Oil & Gas


Realized








Rimrock owns a 1.15 million barrel crude storage facility in El Dorado, Kansas. The facility has been a critical and reliable service provider to the nearby HollyFrontier El Dorado refinery since the early 1950s and is the termination point for the Osage Pipeline. In March 2014, Rimrock acquired the Flint Hills pipeline, a 40 mile crude gathering system that brings oil produced in Kansas to the El Dorado facility. In November 2014, Rimrock sold its 50% stake in Grand Mesa Pipeline, LLC to its joint venture partner, NGL Energy Partners, LP. Grand Mesa is a project company that owns a proposed 550-mile crude oil pipeline project to be built from Colorado to Cushing, Oklahoma. Although it has sold its stake, Rimrock will be overseeing the construction and operations of the Grand Mesa pipeline. In addition, Rimrock owns a crude gathering logistics and transport business with primary operations in the Bakken, Permian and Mississippi Lime basins.
 
For more information about Rimrock, please visit the company’s website at www.rimrockmidstream.com.






























Brayton Point Power, LLC

Energy Capital purchased Brayton Point, a 1,528 MW coal-fired facility in Massachusetts. ECP acquired Brayton Point as part of a larger transaction with Dominion Resources, Inc., which closed in August 2013. The other plants in the transaction, Kincaid and Elwood, were contributed to EquiPower. The plant began commercial operations in 1963 and supplies power to ISO New England. Though Energy Capital announced plans to retire the facility in June 2017 due to a challenging long-term economic outlook for the facility, ECP closed on the sale of Brayton Point to Dynegy Inc. in April 2015.


Power Generation


Realized








Prior to sale, through a management agreement, EquiPower Resources Corp., previously an Energy Capital generation platform, acted as asset manager for Brayton Point and lent its considerable generation expertise to oversee plant activities in the areas of commercial dispatch, operations and maintenance and human resources.
 






























NESCO Holdings Inc.

In February 2014, Energy Capital acquired NESCO Holdings Inc. Based in Fort Wayne, Indiana, NESCO is a specialty rental equipment company that provides specialized construction and maintenance equipment to North American utilities and transmission and distribution (T&D) contractors. 


Energy Services


Current








NESCO maintains one of the largest utility equipment fleets in North America, owning a substantial fleet of over 3,200 units of highly specialized equipment, and services a diverse customer base with 41 service and distribution locations throughout the United States and Canada. NESCO is one of only two providers of specialty T&D rental equipment with this level of geographic breadth. The Company’s fleet is among the largest, youngest and most diverse in the industry, allowing NESCO to provide best-in-class equipment availability and service to its customers and to differentiate its equipment offering from its competitors. 
 
For more information about NESCO, please visit the company’s website at www.NESCOrentals.com






























Sendero Midstream Partners, LP

In March 2014, ECP formed Sendero Midstream Partners, LP, a Houston based midstream company focused on MLP qualifying North American assets with stable cash flows and opportunities for expansion. Sendero is actively evaluating investment opportunities throughout the midstream value chain, which are being sourced through various industry relationships.


Midstream


Current








In December 2016 Sendero commenced construction of a new highly-efficient 130 MMcf/day cryogenic processing plant and associated facilities in Eddy County, New Mexico, which is targeted to be in operation by the end of 2017. The constructed system will cover the following services: low pressure gathering, dehydration, compression, high pressure gathering, processing, residue gas and NGL takeaway.






























Alaska Midstream

In July 2014, Energy Capital completed an investment commitment to Furie Operating Alaska, LLC  (“Furie”), a growth-oriented independent oil & gas company, from its Mezzanine Opportunities Fund. This investment funded the build-out of infrastructure for the installation of an offshore natural gas production platform, marine pipeline, and onshore production facilities to bring proven natural gas reserves to market from Furie’s Kitchen Lights Unit in the Cook Inlet (“KLU”).


Midstream Oil & Gas


Current








The offshore platform was the first new Cook Inlet production platform installed since 2000, when the Osprey platform was installed at the Redoubt Shoal field. The KLU infrastructure allows Furie to bring a newly discovered natural gas field online to diversify supply for the Kenai Peninsula, Mat-Su Valley and Anchorage areas. Going forward, Furie plans to continue its exploration and development program in the Kitchen Lights Unit, which is an 83,000-acre lease position.
 
For more information about Furie, please visit the company’s website at http://www.furiealaska.com/.  






























NCSG Crane & Heavy Haul Corporation

In August 2014, Energy Capital provided NCSG with 2nd lien bond acquisition financing from its Mezzanine Opportunities Fund. NCSG is one of the largest fully operated and maintained crane and heavy haul companies in North America with a leading presence across the Western Canadian oil & gas markets.


Energy Services


Current








Headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta, NCSG serves the Western North American energy markets with operations extending from Western Canada down through Montana, North Dakota and Texas. The Company offers a comprehensive portfolio of high value, fully operated and maintained crane and heavy haul services utilizing experienced operators and supported by dedicated lift plan engineers and logistic coordinators. Its extensive and modern fleet of over 285 mobile cranes, 235 lines of hydraulic platform trailers, 300 conventional trailers and specialized rigging equipment has established NCSG as the one of the leading operators in the rapidly growing Canadian oil sands market, the world’s third largest base of proven oil reserves.
 
For more information about NSCG, please visit the company’s website at http://www.ncsg.com/. 






























Southcross Holdings, LP

In November 2014, Energy Capital made a preferred equity investment in Southcross Holdings LP (“Holdings”) from its Mezzanine Opportunities Fund. Holdings is the parent company of Southcross Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE: SXE) (“SXE” and, together with Holdings, “Southcross”), a master limited partnership primarily based in South Texas’ Eagle Ford Basin, with an additional smaller asset base in Mississippi and Alabama.


Midstream Oil & Gas


Realized








Southcross provides natural gas gathering, processing, treating and transportation services as well as NGL fractionation, transportation and marketing services to a well-diversified group of blue chip customers. Holdings was formed in August 2014 through the combination of Southcross Energy LLC, the predecessor parent of SXE, and TexStar Midstream Services, two integrated midstream companies with complementary assets in the Eagle Ford basin. 






























Wheelabrator Technologies, Inc.

In December 2014, Energy Capital acquired Wheelabrator Technologies, Inc. from Waste Management, Inc. Based in Hampton, New Hampshire, Wheelabrator is a leader in the safe and environmentally sustainable conversion of municipal solid waste and other renewable waste fuels into clean energy.


Power Generation


Current








Wheelabrator’s waste-to-energy facilities reduce the volume of solid waste materials going to landfills, thereby reducing methane emissions generated in such landfills, while generating electricity without the need for additional fossil fuels. The business generates revenue from both the fuel source (tipping fees associated with accepting waste volumes) and the energy output (as a baseload plant that typically operates 24 hours each day of the year).
 
Wheelabrator is the second largest waste-to-energy business in the United States. Its critical infrastructure projects have a combined processing capacity of approximately 8 million tons of municipal solid waste and generate approximately ~4.5 million megawatt hours across 20 operating power facilities with more than 800MW of capacity. The company’s operations represent a significant presence in densely populated areas across the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and Florida regions.
 
Wheelabrator also has initiated projects with two established joint venture partners to recover metal from waste streams for resale in recycled metals markets.  Further, company is also partnered with Scottish and Southern Energy in building and operating a 70MW waste-to-energy facility in the UK. This facility began commercial operations in 2015.
 
For more information about Wheelabrator, please visit the company’s website at http://www.wheelabratortechnologies.com/. 






























Next Wave Energy Partners, LP

Next Wave Energy Partners, LP is an independent energy company focused on the development, operation, acquisition and expansion of midstream and downstream petrochemical and fuels assets. Next Wave’s core capabilities include customized toll processing, manufacturing and logistics solutions for natural gas liquids, petrochemicals and gasoline blending components. 


Midstream


Current








The company, which is focused on opportunities in the United States and Canada, expects to pursue greenfield development projects and potential acquisitions. The company is headquartered in Houston, Texas. 
 
For more information about Next Wave, please visit the company’s website at www.nextwaveenergy.com. 






























US Development Group, LLC

In September 2014, Energy Capital Partners made an investment in US Development Group, LLC (“USDG”). USDG and its affiliates are engaged in designing, developing, owning, managing and operating energy infrastructure assets throughout North America. USDG was among the first companies to develop unit-train capable terminals for the transportation of energy-related products. 


Midstream Oil & Gas


Current








Since 2006, USDG has developed, built and operated 14 unit train-capable origination and destination terminals with an aggregate terminalling capacity of over 725,000 barrels per day. Its senior management team has an average of over 25 years of experience in the energy, transportation, refining, commodities trading, logistics and financial industries and the company has a strong track record for safety, as evidenced by over a dozen nationally recognized safety awards received in recent years.
 
USD Partners LP (NYSE:  “USDP”) is a fee-based, growth-oriented master limited partnership formed by USDG to acquire, develop and operate energy-related rail terminals and other high-quality and complementary midstream infrastructure assets and businesses. USDP completed its IPO on the NYSE in October 2014.  Headquartered in Houston, Texas, USDP’s assets consist primarily of: (i) an origination crude-by-rail terminal in Hardisty, Alberta, Canada, with capacity to load up to two 120-railcar unit trains per day; (ii) a crude oil rail loading terminal with onsite crude storage located in Casper, WY (iii) two destination unit train-capable ethanol rail terminals in San Antonio, Texas, and West Colton, California, with a combined capacity of approximately 33,000 barrels per day; and (iv) railcar services through the management of a railcar fleet.
 
For more information, please visit the company’s website at www.usdg.com.






























Terra-Gen, LLC

In September 2015, Energy Capital acquired Terra-Gen, LLC, an owner, operator and developer of utility-scale renewable and clean energy assets. The Company’s 694 MW portfolio spans 22 facilities throughout the western United States and includes a diverse mix of wind (538 MW), solar thermal (89 MW) and geothermal (67 MW) plants.


Renewable Energy


Current








The assets are located primarily in California, with additional capacity located in Nevada, Wyoming, Texas, Colorado  and Minnesota and are characterized by an exceptionally strong operating track record.
 
The Terra-Gen business is highlighted by its premier operating wind portfolio located primarily in Tehachapi and Palm Springs, California. Adjacent to the Los Angeles load pocket, these two regions hold significant locational value and boast some of the state’s best wind resources, along with a recently upgraded transmission infrastructure which allows Terra-Gen to directly deliver renewable power to end markets from San Francisco to San Diego.
 
For more information about Terra-Gen, please visit the company’s website at
http://www.terra-genpower.com/






























Sunnova Energy Corp.

In March 2016, ECP closed an investment in Sunnova Energy Corp., a leading residential solar company. Sunnova finances, operates and manages residential solar systems for customers primarily in the United States. The company is headquartered in Houston, Texas.


Renewable Energy


Current








Sunnova currently operates throughout the United States and is in the business of acquiring and managing residential solar projects with 25-year contracts. Sunnova’s business model relies on an extensive network of regional channel partners for originating, developing and servicing systems. The market for residential solar developers and installers in the United States is highly fragmented owing to localized regulations, permitting processes, and customer demographics. By enabling Sunnova’s channel partners to creatively grow their business and customer base, we believe that Sunnova’s partnering model results in a lower cost and more efficient origination approach.
 
The distributed solar sector has been rapidly expanding, driven by significant declines in solar project installation costs, rising utility rates, greater customer choice and state and federal environmental regulations supporting carbon-free and distributed electricity.
 
For more information about Sunnova, please visit the company’s website at http://www.sunnova.com/






























Targa Resources Corp.

In March 2016, Energy Capital’s Mezzanine Opportunities Fund made a preferred equity investment in Targa Resource Corp (“Targa”) (NYSE: TRGP) as part of an overall approximate $1 billion issuance of preferred stock.


Midstream


Current








Targa is a provider of midstream services and is one of the largest independent midstream energy companies in North America. The company owns, operates, acquires, and develops a diversified portfolio of complementary midstream energy assets.  Targa is primarily engaged in the business of: (i) gathering, compressing, treating, processing, and selling natural gas, (ii) storing, fractionating, treating, transporting, and selling NGLs and NGL products, including services to LPG exporters, (iii), gathering, storing, and terminaling crude oil, and (iv) storing, terminaling, and selling refined petroleum products.
 
Targa operates a gathering and processing asset base diversified across multiple shale and natural resource plays, including the Permian Basin, Barnett Shale, Bakken Shale, Eagle Ford Shale, Anadarko Basin, Arkoma Basin, onshore Louisiana and the Gulf of Mexico. The company also has the second largest fractionation ownership position at Mont Belvieu and world class LPG export facilities on the Gulf Coast at the Galena Park Marine Terminal, which is interconnected to Mont Belvieu.
 
For more information about Targa, please visit the company’s website at http://www.targaresources.com/about-us/overview.






























Ramaco Development LLC

In August 2016, the Energy Capital invested in the convertible preferred equity security of Ramaco Development, LLC. Ramaco is a developer of high-quality, low-cost metallurgical coal, a key input in the steelmaking process, in central and southern West Virginia, southwestern Virginia, and southwestern Pennsylvania. On February 2, 2017, Ramaco Development, LLC reorganized as Ramaco Resources, Inc. and priced an Initial Public Offering on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol “METC.”


Industrials


Current








Ramaco has a near-term development portfolio of four long-lived projects: Elk Creek, Berwind, RAM Mine and Knox Creek. Ramaco achieved initial commercial production in January 2017 and expects to produce 4.4 million clean tons per year of metallurgical coal by 2022.




































Short Hills, New Jersey | Houston, Texas | San Diego, California





Privacy Policy


Terms of Use














	Energy Capital Partners


















































Investor Log-in








Contact
























Investing in North America's Energy Infrastructure












ABOUT US

Overview
Equity
Credit










OUR TEAM







NEWS







INVESTMENTS





























































Firm Overview














Investments




 
































































































































































































Portfolio of oil and gas gathering  and processing systems operating in the Bakken Shale, Marcellus Shale, Utica Shale, Barnett Shale and Piceance Basin


Waste-to-energy fleet converting municipal solid waste and other renewable waste fuels into clean energy


Owned and operated nine fossil-fired power plants with 4,685 MWs of generating capacity. Sold in April 2015


Owns Red River, an activated carbon production facility located in Louisiana


Leading global provider of nuclear services to government and commercial customers


Texas based oilfield service provider to customers throughout the Permian Basin, the Mid-Continent and Uinta-Piceance region


Formed to develop utility-scale solar power plants. Sold in 2007


A diverse portfolio of predominantly hydro-generation plants.
                                        Sold in 2008


Specialty rental equipment company that provides specialized construction and maintenance equipment to North American utilities and T&D contractors


Focused on hydrocarbon by rail development, operations and logistics with an origination crude-by-rail terminal in Hardisty, Alberta, Canada and ethanol rail terminals in Texas and California


Portfolio of construction and service providers to the electric and pipeline infrastructure industry


1,000 MW gas-fired power plant located in Odessa, TX. Sold in 2013


830 MW gas-fired power plant located in Sayreville, NJ. Sold in 2013


847 MW simple cycle, natural gas-fired power plant located in Gaffney, SC


1,528 MW coal-fired facility located in Somerset, MA. Sold in April 2015


635 MW gas-fired power plant located in Rensselaer, NY


Portfolio of contracted gas storage facilities in Louisiana and
                                        Mississippi


Leading environmental controls manufacturer focused on NOx reduction


Portfolio of carbon and renewable energy credits and offsets


Producer of frac sand used in the hydraulic fracturing process


Distributed solar company focused on the residential market


Owns a 1.15 million barrel crude storage facility in El  Dorado, Kansas


Project funding the build-out of infrastructure for the installation of an offshore natural gas production platform, marine pipeline, and onshore production facilities in the Cook Inlet, Alaska


Fully operated and maintained crane and heavy haul company operating in the U.S. and Canada.


Provides natural gas gathering, processing, treating and transportation services as well as NGL fractionation, transportation and marketing services, primarily in the Eagle Ford basin





















Short Hills, New Jersey | Houston, Texas | San Diego, California





Privacy Policy


Terms of Use
















