




























Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Has $314.13 Million Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for First Internet Bancorp (NASDAQ:INBK) Lifted by FIG Partners
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Cintas Corporation (CTAS) Stock Price
The KEYW Holding Corporation (KEYW) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates
Q4 2017 Earnings Forecast for First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:FBNK) Issued By FIG Partners
Entravision Communications Corporation (EVC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Macquarie
Green Dot Corporation (GDOT) Earns Buy Rating from Citigroup Inc.
Digital Realty Trust (DLR) Receives News Impact Score of 0.22
Omnicom Group (NYSE:OMC) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.16
Comparing Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMHC) & China Distance Education Holdings Limited (DL)
Erie Indemnity (ERIE) and Alleghany Corporation (Y) Head to Head Review
Myriad Genetics (MYGN) vs. Cepheid (NASDAQ:CPHD) Critical Comparison
The Spectranetics Corporation (NASDAQ:SPNC) Given “Hold” Rating at Royal Bank Of Canada
People’s United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) Lowered to Strong Sell at BidaskClub
Rambus, Inc. (NASDAQ:RMBS) Downgraded to Sell at BidaskClub
Zosano Pharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ZSAN) Cut to Strong Sell at ValuEngine
Black Diamond, Inc. (NASDAQ:BDE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold
Encana Corporation (NYSE:ECA) Receives “Buy” Rating from KLR Group
Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Upgraded to Buy at Hilliard Lyons
Encana Corporation (NYSE:ECA) Given New $15.00 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc.
American Capital Agency Corp. (NASDAQ:AGNC) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Hold



 


Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Has $314.13 Million Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)

					Posted by David on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 



Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA raised its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 0.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 11,377,319 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 3,344 shares during the period. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $314,128,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. boosted its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 222.6% in the first quarter. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. now owns 3,790 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 2,615 shares in the last quarter.  Baystate Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1,050.7% in the first quarter. Baystate Wealth Management LLC now owns 4,361 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 3,982 shares in the last quarter.  Crestwood Advisors Group LLC acquired a new position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. during the first quarter valued at $140,000.  Intellectus Partners LLC boosted its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 8.0% in the first quarter. Intellectus Partners LLC now owns 5,400 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $149,000 after buying an additional 399 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. boosted its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 6.1% in the first quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 7,000 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $193,000 after buying an additional 405 shares in the last quarter. 38.52% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Enterprise Products Partners L.P. alerts:



Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) opened at 27.65 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $26.79 and a 200-day moving average price of $27.40. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a 1-year low of $24.01 and a 1-year high of $30.25. The firm has a market cap of $59.07 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.39 and a beta of 0.89. 




Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a net margin of 10.31% and a return on equity of 11.73%. The company had revenue of $7.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.05 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.33 earnings per share. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s revenue for the quarter was up 46.3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.41 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 7th. Investors of record on Monday, July 31st will be paid a $0.42 dividend. This is a boost from Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 27th. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 6.08%. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s payout ratio is currently 133.87%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was first  posted by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/19/massachusetts-financial-services-co-ma-has-314-13-million-stake-in-enterprise-products-partners-l-p-epd.html. 
Several equities analysts recently weighed in on EPD shares. Guggenheim assumed coverage on Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research report on Monday, April 17th. They set a “buy” rating and a $32.00 price objective for the company. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. BMO Capital Markets  set a $33.00 price target on Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, June 5th. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Friday, July 14th. Finally, BidaskClub raised Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, July 6th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating, seventeen have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $32.05.
About Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD).







Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 














































MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANY | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report


Mutual Fund Management Industry Report


Asset Management Industry Report


Financial Planners & Investment Advisers Industry Report


















MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANYCompany Information

111 Huntington AveBoston, MA, 02199 United States(617) 954-5000 †
http://www.mfs.com
Top 3 Competitors

FMR LLC
The Vanguard Group Inc
PUTNAM INVESTMENTS



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANY Company Profile

   Massachusetts Financial Services (aka MFS Investment Management) offers mutual funds, as well as annuities, separately managed accounts, and retirement planning services for institutional and retail clients worldwide. The company also performs global securities research. It distributes its products through regional brokerages, independent broker dealers, banks, registered investment advisors, and financial intermediaries. Subsidiary MFS Institutional Advisors manages equity and fixed-income assets for institutional investors, such as pension plans, insurance companies, foundations, and investment firms. Majority-owned by Sun Life Financial, MFS has more than $350 billion in assets under management.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANY Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Boston, MA, United States
Custodial & Trust Services
Finance & Insurance Sector
Mutual Fund Management
Asset Management
Financial Planners & Investment Advisers







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANY | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report


Mutual Fund Management Industry Report


Asset Management Industry Report


Financial Planners & Investment Advisers Industry Report















MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANY Revenue and Financial Data

   Massachusetts Financial Services (aka MFS Investment Management) offers mutual funds, as well as annuities, separately managed accounts, and retirement planning services for institutional and retail clients worldwide. The company also performs global securities research. It distributes its products through regional brokerages, independent broker dealers, banks, registered investment advisors, and financial intermediaries. Subsidiary MFS Institutional Advisors manages equity and fixed-income assets for institutional investors, such as pension plans, insurance companies, foundations, and investment firms. Majority-owned by Sun Life Financial, MFS has more than $350 billion in assets under management.
  







Financials Information for MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANY

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$858.554069 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















﻿





























Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) Stock Price - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Sealed Air Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sealed Air Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Silver Wheaton Corp (WPM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Accern Reports
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) Stock Price
Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect CPFL Energia (CPL) Stock Price
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Ingredion (INGR) Share Price
$3.79 Billion in Sales Expected for General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) This Quarter
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Stake Boosted by State Street Corp
16,150 Shares in Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Acquired by Two Sigma Securities LLC
Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Shares Bought by Bank of Nova Scotia
23,665 Shares in BankUnited, Inc. (NYSE:BKU) Acquired by Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc.
Aegon NV (NYSE:AEG) Stake Boosted by Bank of America Corp DE
Highbridge Capital Management LLC Increases Position in Sotheby’s (NYSE:BID)
Two Sigma Securities LLC Takes Position in Box, Inc. (NYSE:BOX)
Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. Purchases New Position in Belmond Ltd. (NYSE:BEL)
United Therapeutics Corporation (NASDAQ:UTHR) Shares Bought by State Street Corp
Barings LLC Continues to Hold Position in Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (DKS)
Nomura Holdings Inc. Takes Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (NASDAQ:QVCA)
BlueCrest Capital Management Ltd Boosts Position in Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR)
Hershey Company (The) (NYSE:HSY) Stake Held by Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.
American Financial Group (AFG) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $2,763,000 Position in CoreSite Realty Corporation (NYSE:COR)







Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) Stock Price


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




News headlines about Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) have been trending somewhat positive this week, according to Accern Sentiment Analysis. The research group identifies positive and negative media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Accern ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Sealed Air Corporation earned a daily sentiment score of 0.12 on Accern’s scale. Accern also gave news stories about the industrial products company an impact score of 46.001490342207 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is somewhat unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near future. 
Here are some of the media headlines that may have impacted Accern’s analysis: 


 Get Sealed Air Corporation alerts:




Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.06 Billion (americanbankingnews.com)
Cacti Asset Management LLC Holds Position in Sealed Air Corporation (fumbleboard.com)
Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) Stake Maintained by Cacti Asset Management LLC (overnewsmagazine.com)
Sealed Air Corporation (SEE) Holdings Increased by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC – First News 24 (firstnewspaper24.com)
Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts (americanbankingnews.com)

Several research firms recently issued reports on SEE. Bank of America Corporation lowered shares of Sealed Air Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $43.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. BMO Capital Markets  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $47.00 target price on shares of Sealed Air Corporation in a report on Thursday, July 20th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Sealed Air Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. BidaskClub lowered shares of Sealed Air Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday. Finally, Robert W. Baird  restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $55.00 target price on shares of Sealed Air Corporation in a report on Tuesday, June 13th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $48.91.





Shares of Sealed Air Corporation (SEE) traded down 0.22% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $45.20. 1,187,469 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $8.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.98 and a beta of 1.17. Sealed Air Corporation has a 12 month low of $41.74 and a 12 month high of $50.62. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $45.15 and a 200 day moving average price of $45.52. 
Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The industrial products company reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. Sealed Air Corporation had a return on equity of 85.72% and a net margin of 5.48%. The company had revenue of $1.03 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.58 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.50 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.6% on a year-over-year basis.  Analysts anticipate that  Sealed Air Corporation will post $1.79 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
Sealed Air Corporation announced that its board has approved a stock buyback program on Monday, March 27th that authorizes the company to repurchase $1.50 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization authorizes the industrial products company to purchase up to 17.8% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase programs are generally an indication that the company’s management believes its stock is undervalued. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be given a $0.16 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 30th. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.42%. Sealed Air Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is 36.99%. 
In other news, CAO William G. Stiehl sold 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.43, for a total value of $130,290.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief accounting officer now directly owns 37,797 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,641,523.71. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Jerome A. Peribere bought 6,960 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $42.97 per share, with a total value of $299,071.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 199,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,551,030. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own  0.86% of the company’s stock. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) Stock Price” was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/somewhat-favorable-media-coverage-somewhat-unlikely-to-affect-sealed-air-corporation-nysesee-stock-price.html. 
About Sealed Air Corporation
Sealed Air Corporation is engaged in food safety and security, facility hygiene and product protection business. The Company’s segments are Food Care, Diversey Care, Product Care and Other (includes Corporate, Medical Applications and New Ventures businesses). The Food Care segment focuses on providing a range of integrated system solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Sealed Air Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sealed Air Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANY - BOSTON, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



BOSTON



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANY
                                    



 





















M 


MASSACHUSETTS FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANY
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



500 BOYLSTON ST BOSTON, MA 02116
Get Directions



(617) 954-5000
www.mfs.com





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 2500
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts KEVIN PARKE







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Massachusetts Financial Services Company specializes in Security Brokers And Dealers. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Sells 732 Shares of Tenaris S.A. (TS) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Tenaris S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenaris S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Premier Oil PLC (PMO)					

Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages					

Brokerages Set SL Green Realty Corporation (SLG) PT at $114.10					

Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CPSI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts					

CACI International, Inc. (NYSE:CACI) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.09 Billion					

Hudson Pacific Properties (NYSE:HPP) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Accern Reports					

Compania Cervecerias Unidas, (CCU) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows					

WEX (WEX) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows					

EastGroup Properties, Inc. (EGP) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance					

Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Brixmor Property Group Inc. (NYSE:BRX) to Announce $0.51 Earnings Per Share					

Analysts Anticipate Box, Inc. (NYSE:BOX) to Announce -$0.29 EPS					

Head-To-Head Comparison: Lifetime Brands (LCUT) versus Helen of Troy Limited (HELE)					

Comparing BG Medicine (BGMD) & Signal Genetics (NASDAQ:MGEN)					

Potlatch Corporation (PCH) and Weyerhaeuser (WY) Head to Head Review					

Equity Residential (EQR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance					

Masimo Corporation (MASI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Vectren Corporation (NYSE:VVC) Share Price					

Sonoco Products (NYSE:SON) Receives News Impact Score of 0.14					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation (BAH) Share Price					

voxeljet AG (VJET) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine					





 





						Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Sells 732 Shares of Tenaris S.A. (TS)					

						 June 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Patrick Bannon 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA cut its position in  Tenaris S.A. (NYSE:TS) by 1.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 61,791 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 732 shares during the period. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA’s holdings in Tenaris were worth $2,109,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of TS. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in  Tenaris by 95.8% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,548,753 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $52,875,000 after buying an additional 757,748 shares during the last quarter.  Ruffer LLP increased its stake in  Tenaris by 20.4% in the first quarter. Ruffer LLP now owns 3,137,174 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $104,916,000 after buying an additional 532,168 shares during the last quarter.  Norges Bank purchased a new stake in  Tenaris during the fourth quarter worth about $12,749,000.  Capital Fund Management S.A. purchased a new stake in  Tenaris during the first quarter worth about $11,605,000.  Finally, Jennison Associates LLC increased its stake in  Tenaris by 37.1% in the first quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 929,872 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $31,746,000 after buying an additional 251,441 shares during the last quarter. 18.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 

Tenaris S.A. (NYSE TS) opened at 29.81 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $31.01 and its 200 day moving average price is $33.19. The company has a market cap of $17.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 72.71 and a beta of 0.70. Tenaris S.A. has a 52-week low of $25.19 and a 52-week high of $37.21. 
WARNING: “Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Sells 732 Shares of Tenaris S.A. (TS)” was originally  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/26/massachusetts-financial-services-co-ma-sells-732-shares-of-tenaris-s-a-ts.html. 




A number of analysts have issued reports on the company. Simmons  reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $35.50 price objective (down previously from $39.00) on shares of Tenaris in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. Morgan Stanley reduced their price objective on Tenaris from $44.00 to $38.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. Loop Capital raised Tenaris from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Scotiabank  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 price objective on shares of Tenaris in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Tenaris from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, April 29th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $37.44.
Tenaris Company Profile
Tenaris SA is a holding company, which is a steel producer with production facilities in Mexico, Argentina, Colombia, United States and Guatemala. The Company supplies round steel bars and flat steel products for its pipes business. It operates through Tubes business segment. The Tubes segment includes the production and sale of both seamless and welded steel tubular products, and related services primarily for the oil and gas industry, principally oil country tubular goods (OCTG) used in drilling operations, and for other industrial applications with production processes that include in the transformation of steel into tubular products.

Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tenaris S.A. (NYSE:TS).




Receive News & Ratings for Tenaris S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenaris S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿
































NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) Earns Media Sentiment Score of -0.36 - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for NCI Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NCI Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact TINTRI INC (NASDAQ:TNTR) Share Price
Barings Corporate Investors (NYSE:MCI) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows
Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance
Medpace Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:MEDP) Stock Rating Lowered by KeyCorp
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact New Amer Hi (NYSE:HYB) Stock Price
Cloud Peak Energy (NYSE:CLD) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Blueknight Energy Partners L.P., L.L.C. (NASDAQ:BKEP) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Approach Resources (NASDAQ:AREX) Stock Price
FRONTEO (NASDAQ:FTEO) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation (NASDAQ:AXAS) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.28
Reading International Inc (NASDAQ:RDI) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
AQR Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Express, Inc. (NYSE:EXPR)
Hao Tang Acquires 400,000 Shares of Amaya Inc (TSE:AYA) Stock
AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG) Stake Raised by AQR Capital Management LLC
AQR Capital Management LLC Has $4.19 Million Position in Eldorado Gold Corporation (NYSE:EGO)
OUTFRONT Media Inc. (NYSE:OUT) Stake Raised by BlackRock Inc.
Callon Petroleum Company (NYSE:CPE) Position Cut by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.
Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $7.47 Million Position in ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Sells 376 Shares of First Horizon National Corporation (FHN)
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) Stake Reduced by Checchi Capital Advisers LLC




 


NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) Earns Media Sentiment Score of -0.36

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Press coverage about NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) has trended negative on Thursday, according to Accern Sentiment. The research group rates the sentiment of news coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources. Accern ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. NCI earned a news sentiment score of -0.36 on Accern’s scale. Accern also gave press coverage about the information technology services provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. 
NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) traded down 0.125% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $19.925. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 7,636 shares. NCI has a 52 week low of $10.98 and a 52 week high of $21.40. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $20.16 and its 200-day moving average price is $16.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $270.00 million, a PE ratio of 44.575 and a beta of 1.05. 


 Get NCI Inc. alerts:



NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The information technology services provider reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.21 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $78.75 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $76.55 million. NCI had a net margin of 2.13% and a return on equity of 11.73%.  On average, analysts anticipate that  NCI will post $1.00 earnings per share for the current year. 




A number of brokerages have recently commented on NCIT. FBR & Co  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $11.00 target price on shares of NCI in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Cowen and Company  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $16.50 target price on shares of NCI in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded NCI from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 13th. Noble Financial  reissued a “hold” rating on shares of NCI in a report on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut NCI from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $24.00 to $20.00 in a report on Monday, July 3rd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $18.33.
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) Earns Media Sentiment Score of -0.36” was  posted by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/nci-nasdaqncit-earning-critical-media-coverage-report-finds-updated.html. 
About NCI
NCI, Inc is a provider of enterprise services and solutions to defense, intelligence, healthcare and civilian government agencies. The Company provides information technology (IT), and professional services and solutions by leveraging its core service offerings, which include cloud computing and IT infrastructure optimization; cybersecurity and information assurance; engineering and logistics support; enterprise information management and advanced analytics; health IT and medical support; IT service management; modeling, simulation, and training, and agile development and integration.







Receive News & Ratings for NCI Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NCI Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website






















































































Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Eaton Corporation, PLC Company Profile (NYSE:ETN)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)
Eaton Corporation (Eaton) is a diversified power management company. It is engaged in the manufacturing of electrical components and systems for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety. On January 1, 2011, it closed the acquisition of the Tuthill Coupling Group, which is a division of the Tuthill Corporation. It has five segments: Electrical Americas and Electrical Rest of World; Hydraulics; Aerospace; Truck, and Automotive. On October 1, 2010, it acquired CopperLogic, Inc. On July 15, 2010, it acquired EMC Engineers, Inc. In May 2011, it acquired Internormen Technology Group. In August 2011, it acquired IE Power, Inc. In December 2011, it acquired E.A. Pedersen Company. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Industrial Products
Industry: Diversified Machinery
Sub-Industry: Electrical Components & Equipment
Symbol: NYSE:ETN
CUSIP: G2918310
Web: www.eaton.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $35.48 billionOutstanding Shares: 447,299,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $77.81200 Day Moving Avg: $74.4252 Week Range: $59.07 - $81.63


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 18.48Foreward P/E Ratio: 15.43P/E Growth: 1.56Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $19.78 billionPrice / Sales: 1.79Book Value: $33.89 per sharePrice / Book: 2.34Dividend:Annual Dividend: $2.40Dividend Yield: 3.0%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $3.21 billionNet Margins: 9.86%Return on Equity: 12.82%Return on Assets: 6.33%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.44%Current Ratio: 1.26%Quick Ratio: 0.83%Misc:Average Volume: 2.10 million shs.Beta: 1.35Short Ratio: 3.65

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)
What is Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock symbol?

Eaton Corporation, PLC trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "ETN."



How often does Eaton Corporation, PLC pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Eaton Corporation, PLC?

Eaton Corporation, PLC announced a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, July 25th. Stockholders of record on Friday, August 4th will be given a dividend of $0.60 per share on Friday, August 18th. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.03%.  View Eaton Corporation, PLC's Dividend History.



How were Eaton Corporation, PLC's earnings last quarter?

Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May, 2nd. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts' consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.09. The business had revenue of $4.85 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.70 billion. Eaton Corporation, PLC had a return on equity of 12.82% and a net margin of 9.86%. The company's revenue was up .7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.88 earnings per share.  View Eaton Corporation, PLC's Earnings History.



When will Eaton Corporation, PLC make its next earnings announcement?

Eaton Corporation, PLC is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Monday, July, 31st 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



What guidance has Eaton Corporation, PLC issued on next quarter's earnings?

Eaton Corporation, PLC issued an update on its FY17 earnings guidance on Tuesday, May, 2nd. The company provided earnings per share (EPS) guidance of $4.45-4.75 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $4.46. Eaton Corporation, PLC also updated its Q2 guidance to $1.05-1.15 EPS.



Where is Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock going? Where will Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock price be in 2017?

19 equities research analysts have issued 12-month price objectives for Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock. Their forecasts range from $65.00 to $88.00. On average, they anticipate Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock price to reach $77.83 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



Who are some of Eaton Corporation, PLC's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Eaton Corporation, PLC include Caterpillar (CAT), ABB Ltd (ABB), Illinois Tool Works (ITW), Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI), Deere & Company (DE), Schneider Electric Unspon (SBGSY), Emerson Electric Company (EMR), Komatsu (KMTUY), Roper Technologies (ROP), Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR), Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH), Stanley Black & Decker (SWK), Rockwell Automation (ROK), Sandvik AB (SDVKY), Tenaris S.A. (TS), Ball Corporation (BLL), Cintas Corporation (CTAS) and Toray Industries (TRYIY).



Who owns Eaton Corporation, PLC stock?

Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock is owned by a variety of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional shareholders include Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.27%), Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY (0.18%), Aperio Group LLC (0.07%), PGGM Investments (0.06%), CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp (0.06%) and Whittier Trust Co. (0.04%). Company insiders that own Eaton Corporation, PLC stock include Alexander M Cutler, Charles E Golden, Christopher M Connor, Cynthia K Brabander, Deborah L Mccoy, Dorothy C Thompson, Gregory R Page, Ken D Semelsberger, Mark M Mcguire, Michael J Critelli, Revathi Advaithi, Richard H Fearon, Thomas E Moran and Uday Yadav. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



Who sold Eaton Corporation, PLC stock? Who is selling Eaton Corporation, PLC stock?

Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Russell Investments Group Ltd., Barometer Capital Management Inc., Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY, Douglas Lane & Associates LLC, Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX, Boston Advisors LLC, Blue Granite Capital LLC and CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp. Company insiders that have sold Eaton Corporation, PLC stock in the last year include Charles E Golden, Christopher M Connor, Deborah L Mccoy, Ken D Semelsberger, Mark M Mcguire, Michael J Critelli, Revathi Advaithi, Richard H Fearon, Thomas E Moran and Uday Yadav. View Insider Buying and Selling for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



Who bought Eaton Corporation, PLC stock? Who is buying Eaton Corporation, PLC stock?

Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Aperio Group LLC, Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB, Hallmark Capital Management Inc., Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE, Whittier Trust Co., Highland Capital Management LLC, Park National Corp OH and Regent Investment Management LLC. Company insiders that have bought Eaton Corporation, PLC stock in the last two years include Christopher M Connor, Cynthia K Brabander, Dorothy C Thompson and Gregory R Page. View Insider Buying and Selling for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



How do I buy Eaton Corporation, PLC stock? 

Shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock price today?

One share of Eaton Corporation, PLC stock can currently be purchased for approximately $79.33.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE ETN)Community Ranking:  2.6 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  480 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  428 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  908MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Eaton Corporation, PLC and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Sell Rating, 11 Hold Ratings, 7 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.32)Consensus Price Target: $77.83 (1.89% downside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/12/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingHold$78.00Low7/11/2017Wolfe ResearchInitiated CoverageMarket PerformLow7/7/2017Stifel NicolausReiterated RatingHold$80.00Medium6/19/2017JMP SecuritiesInitiated CoverageMkt Perform -> Market PerformMedium5/30/2017ArgusReiterated RatingBuy$83.00 -> $85.00Low5/2/2017Barclays PLCSet Price TargetHold$81.00Low5/2/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingHold$75.00Low4/4/2017Longbow ResearchUpgradeNeutral -> Buy$88.00Medium4/3/2017Citigroup Inc.Boost Price TargetBuy$80.00 -> $86.00Low3/28/2017Credit Suisse GroupReiterated RatingBuyLow2/3/2017CLSAReiterated RatingUnderperformN/A2/3/2017J P Morgan Chase & CoDowngradeOverweight -> Neutral$75.00 -> $70.00N/A2/1/2017Avondale PartnersInitiated CoverageMarket Perform$72.00N/A1/9/2017Bank of America CorporationUpgradeNeutral -> BuyN/A1/3/2017Vertical ResearchDowngradeBuy -> HoldN/A12/15/2016Sanford C. BernsteinReiterated RatingMarket PerformN/A12/6/2016AegisInitiated CoverageBuy$80.00N/A10/7/2016HSBC Holdings plcInitiated CoverageBuy$74.00N/A8/25/2016Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingHold$65.00N/A5/8/2016Morgan StanleyReiterated RatingBuyN/A5/2/2016Buckingham ResearchBoost Price TargetNeutral$60.00 -> $65.00N/A2/29/2016Robert W. BairdBoost Price Target$52.00 -> $54.00N/A2/17/2016Standpoint ResearchDowngradeBuy -> HoldN/A2/4/2016Societe GeneraleLower Price TargetHold$58.00 -> $54.00N/A2/4/2016Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Boost Price TargetNeutral$57.00 -> $58.00N/A10/20/2015Cleveland ResearchDowngradeBuy -> NeutralN/A10/15/2015William BlairDowngradeOutperform -> NeutralN/A8/14/2015Atlantic SecuritiesDowngradeOverweight -> Neutral$80.00 -> $65.00N/A(Data available from 7/26/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)Earnings History by Quarter for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE ETN)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails7/31/2017        5/2/2017Q1 2017$0.87$0.96$4.70 billion$4.85 billionViewN/A2/2/2017Q416$1.10$1.12$4.91 billion$4.90 billionViewListen11/1/2016Q316$1.14$1.15$5.05 billion$5.00 billionViewListen8/2/2016Q216$1.07$1.07$5.06 billion$5.10 billionViewListen4/29/2016Q116$0.85$0.88$4.77 billion$4.81 billionViewN/A2/3/2016Q415$1.10$1.17$5.10 billion$5.10 billionViewN/A10/30/2015Q315$1.00$0.97$5.39 billion$5.20 billionViewN/A7/29/2015Q215$1.13$1.16$5.50 billion$5.37 billionViewListen4/29/2015Q115$0.98$1.01$5.30 billion$5.20 billionViewN/A2/3/2015Q414$1.20$1.27$5.60 billion$5.57 billionViewListen10/29/2014Q314$1.23$1.29$5.80 billion$5.73 billionViewN/A7/29/2014Q214$1.11$1.11$5.78 billion$5.77 billionViewListen4/29/2014Q114$1.00$1.01$5.49 billion$5.49 billionViewListen2/4/2014Q413$1.06$1.08$5.55 billion$5.50 billionViewN/A10/25/2013Q313$1.12$1.15$5.70 billion$5.61 billionViewN/A8/2/2013Q2 2013$1.11$1.09$5.78 billion$5.60 billionViewN/A4/29/2013Q1 2013$0.79$0.84$5.42 billion$5.31 billionViewN/A2/5/2013Q4 2012$0.93$0.82$4.25 billion$4.33 billionViewN/A10/31/2012$1.10$1.07ViewN/A7/23/2012$1.09$1.15ViewN/A4/23/2012$0.90$0.92ViewN/A1/26/2012$1.11$1.08ViewN/A10/24/2011$1.08$1.08ViewN/A7/25/2011$0.95$0.97ViewN/A4/20/2011$0.80$0.84ViewN/A1/27/2011$1.67$1.69ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $4.52QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20175$0.85$0.88$0.86Q2 20175$1.13$1.15$1.14Q3 20175$1.23$1.30$1.28Q4 20175$1.13$1.35$1.24(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)Next Dividend:8/18/2017Annual Dividend:$2.40Dividend Yield:3.03%Dividend Growth:10.70% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:55.81% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  51.50% (Based on This Year's Estimates)46.69% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:7 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE ETN)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date7/25/2017quarterly$0.608/4/20178/18/20174/25/2017quarterly$0.601.98%5/3/20175/5/20175/19/20172/22/2017quarterly$0.602.11%3/2/20173/6/20173/17/201710/25/2016quarterly$0.572.37%11/3/201611/7/201611/18/20167/26/2016quarterly$0.572.36%8/3/20168/5/20168/19/20164/26/2016quarterly$0.575/4/20165/6/20165/20/20162/24/2016quarterly$0.573/3/20163/7/20163/18/201610/27/2015quarterly$0.5511/5/201511/9/201511/20/20157/21/2015quarterly$0.557/30/20158/3/20158/21/20154/21/2015quarterly$0.552.19%4/30/20155/4/20155/22/20152/25/2015quarterly$0.552.14%3/5/20153/9/20153/20/201510/21/2014quarterly$0.492.49%11/12/201411/14/201411/28/20147/22/2014quarterly$0.491.95%7/31/20148/4/20148/22/20144/22/2014quarterly$0.492.04%5/1/20145/5/20145/23/20142/26/2014quarterly$0.492.01%3/6/20143/10/20143/21/201410/22/2013quarterly$0.422.24%10/31/201311/4/201311/22/20137/24/2013quarterly$0.422.23%8/1/20138/5/20138/23/20134/24/2013quarterly$0.422.59%5/2/20135/6/20135/24/20132/27/2013quarterly$0.423/11/20133/22/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.80%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 76.35%Insider Trades by Quarter for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails5/5/2017Richard H FearonInsiderSell25,000$76.24$1,906,000.00  5/4/2017Uday YadavInsiderSell3,034$76.08$230,826.72  3/14/2017Thomas E MoranSVPSell3,470$72.13$250,291.10  3/2/2017Deborah L MccoyDirectorSell5,000$72.19$360,950.00  12/9/2016Ken D SemelsbergerInsiderSell19,913$69.15$1,376,983.95  11/23/2016Deborah L MccoyDirectorSell6,504$66.34$431,475.36  11/18/2016Revathi AdvaithiInsiderSell39,008$64.16$2,502,753.28  11/17/2016Christopher M ConnorDirectorSell6,504$65.59$426,597.36  11/10/2016Charles E GoldenDirectorSell14,626$67.96$993,982.96  11/10/2016Richard H FearonInsiderSell20,000$68.11$1,362,200.00  11/9/2016Michael J CritelliDirectorSell13,000$64.26$835,380.00  8/30/2016Uday YadavInsiderSell15,713$67.05$1,053,556.65  8/26/2016Christopher M ConnorDirectorBuy1,000$67.23$67,230.00  8/19/2016Dorothy C ThompsonDirectorBuy550$67.32$37,026.00  8/5/2016Richard H FearonInsiderSell65,195$65.29$4,256,581.55  8/4/2016Mark M McguireInsiderSell18,751$64.55$1,210,377.05  6/7/2016Mark M McguireInsiderSell18,751$63.04$1,182,063.04  5/11/2016Alexander M CutlerInsiderSell138,762$62.33$8,649,035.46  2/22/2016Cynthia K BrabanderInsiderBuy810$57.50$46,575.00  12/14/2015Gregory R PageDirectorBuy1,000$50.39$50,390.00  9/1/2015Gregory R PageDirectorBuy3,000$55.24$165,720.00  8/13/2015Christopher M ConnorDirectorSell20,000$60.10$1,202,000.00  5/8/2015Mark M McguireInsiderSell20,000$71.93$1,438,600.00  3/2/2015Thomas GrossInsiderSell29,231$71.08$2,077,739.48  2/9/2015Richard H FearonInsiderSell91,513$70.33$6,436,109.29  2/5/2015Alexander M CutlerInsiderSell330,000$69.23$22,845,900.00  12/15/2014Deborah L MccoyDirectorSell7,408$65.06$481,964.48  9/11/2014Gerald B SmithDirectorSell5,000$67.79$338,950.00  9/5/2014Michael J CritelliDirectorSell20,250$69.00$1,397,250.00  5/28/2014Thomas GrossInsiderSell110,726$74.32$8,229,156.32  3/7/2014Alexander CutlerInsiderSell29,280$75.55$2,212,104.00  3/6/2014Michael CritelliDirectorSell15,000$75.26$1,128,900.00  3/4/2014Thomas GrossInsiderSell21,667$74.43$1,612,674.81  11/26/2012Deborah L MccoyDirectorSell12,912$51.48$664,709.76  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)


Latest Headlines for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadline5 Industrial Stocks Likely to Beat Q2 Earnings Estimates - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 25 at 6:39 PMNotable ETF Outflow Detected - XLI, CMI, ETN, NSC - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 25 at 6:39 PMEaton Declares Quarterly Dividend Payable August 18, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 6:39 PM5 Industrial Stocks Likely to Beat Q2 Earnings Estimatesfinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 6:39 PMEaton Corporation, PLC to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.60 (NYSE:ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 11:54 AMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : July 24, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:55 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $5.14 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 3:02 PMReviewing Jason Industries (JASN) and Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 16 at 4:24 PMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : July 14, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 4:46 PMEaton to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Earnings on August 1, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 7:34 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanleywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 10 at 11:00 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Lifted to "Buy" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 9 at 8:28 PMStifel Nicolaus Reiterates Hold Rating for Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 8 at 9:32 PMAZZ Misses Earnings & Revenue Estimates in Q1, Reaffirms View ... - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 8 at 5:59 PMComparing Jason Industries (JASN) & Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 5 at 12:34 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) Receives Average Rating of "Hold" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 2:49 PMIs Eaton Corporation a Great Stock for Value Investors? - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - June 30 at 6:45 PMIs Eaton Corporation a Great Stock for Value Investors?finance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 6:45 PMEaton Corp Has Bought Back 3.6 Million Shares So Far in 2017. Should Investors Be Happy?finance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 8:00 PMEaton Corp. Plc breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : ETN-US : June 29, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 8:00 PMReviewing Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) & Aixtron Se (AIXG)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 12:42 AMZacks: Analysts Expect Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $5.14 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 23 at 5:26 PM Analysts Anticipate Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Will Post Earnings of $1.14 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 21 at 10:19 AMEaton Corp. Plc breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : ETN-US : June 19, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 19 at 1:21 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Now Covered by JMP Securitieswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 19 at 8:32 AMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : June 13, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 13 at 4:47 PMEaton Corp. Plc – Value Analysis (NYSE:ETN) : June 9, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 9 at 5:32 PMEaton Corp. Plc breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : ETN-US : June 8, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 8 at 9:18 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Given Consensus Rating of "Hold" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 6 at 2:46 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Upgraded to "Buy" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 5 at 9:15 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Upgraded at ValuEnginewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 4 at 6:14 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 2 at 1:50 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Rating Reiterated by Arguswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 30 at 1:50 PM$5.14 Billion in Sales Expected for Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 28 at 10:18 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 2:13 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.14 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 7:37 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to "Hold"www.americanbankingnews.com - May 25 at 1:52 PMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : May 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 22 at 4:44 PMPost Earnings Coverage as Eaton's Earnings Grew 9%; Raised Earnings Outlookfinance.yahoo.com - May 16 at 11:51 AMEaton (ETN) Benefits from Improvement in its End Marketfinance.yahoo.com - May 12 at 5:32 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Receives Consensus Rating of "Hold" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 2:38 PMZacks Investment Research Upgrades Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) to Buywww.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 10:24 AMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : May 8, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 8 at 4:55 PMInsider Selling: Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Insider Sells 25,000 Shares of Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 8 at 4:30 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Insider Uday Yadav Sells 3,034 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 8 at 1:42 PMEaton to Participate in the Electrical Products Group Conference May 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 8 at 9:07 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.22www.americanbankingnews.com - May 6 at 12:34 AMEaton Corp. Plc :ETN-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : May 5, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 5 at 5:15 PMJefferies Group Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Eaton Co., PLC (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 9:00 AMResearch Analysts Issue Forecasts for Eaton Co., PLC's Q2 2017 Earnings (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 9:00 AM


Social





Chart
Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Chart for Wednesday, July, 26, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/26/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































﻿






























Peregrine Capital Management LLC Acquires 15,344 Shares of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE:VSH) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Vishay Intertechnology Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Vishay Intertechnology Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Dominion Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:DM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades AMN Healthcare Services Inc (NYSE:AMN) to Buy
Cosco Shipping Hol (NASDAQ:CICOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. Increases Position in Francesca’s Holdings Corporation (FRAN)
Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. Reduces Position in Newpark Resources, Inc. (NYSE:NR)
Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. Lowers Stake in Cutera, Inc. (NASDAQ:CUTR)
Peregrine Capital Management LLC Acquires 15,344 Shares of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE:VSH)
Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $13.78 Million Position in Eldorado Resorts, Inc. (NASDAQ:ERI)
Peregrine Capital Management LLC Sells 4,402 Shares of Vocera Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VCRA)
Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Position Decreased by Peregrine Capital Management LLC
Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Has $246,000 Position in 3D Systems Corporation (NYSE:DDD)
Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Shares Bought by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc.
News Corporation (NWS) Position Increased by Highland Capital Management LLC
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (CBI) Upgraded to Hold by BidaskClub
M&T Bank Corporation’s (MTB) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Instinet
Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Receives “Buy” Rating from Instinet
Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC
Interface, Inc. (NASDAQ:TILE) Lifted to Buy at ValuEngine
Bio-Techne Corp (NASDAQ:TECH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Cenovus Energy Inc (NYSE:CVE) Earns Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC







Peregrine Capital Management LLC Acquires 15,344 Shares of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE:VSH)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Peregrine Capital Management LLC raised its stake in  Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE:VSH) by 2.0% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 765,238 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock after buying an additional 15,344 shares during the period. Peregrine Capital Management LLC owned approximately 0.52% of Vishay Intertechnology worth $12,703,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Elkfork Partners LLC raised its position in  Vishay Intertechnology by 7.4% in the first quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC now owns 7,700 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying an additional 532 shares during the period.  Camarda Financial Advisors LLC acquired a new position in  Vishay Intertechnology during the first quarter valued at about $1,657,000.  Acadian Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in  Vishay Intertechnology during the first quarter valued at about $3,405,000.  Camelot Portfolios LLC acquired a new position in  Vishay Intertechnology during the first quarter valued at about $303,000.  Finally, Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL raised its position in  Vishay Intertechnology by 259.6% in the first quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 139,900 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $2,301,000 after buying an additional 101,000 shares during the period. 


 Get Vishay Intertechnology Inc. alerts:



Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (VSH) traded down 1.90% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $18.05. 1,059,288 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $2.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 47.25 and a beta of 1.21. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $16.89 and its 200-day moving average price is $16.46. Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. has a 52 week low of $12.39 and a 52 week high of $18.55. 





Vishay Intertechnology (NYSE:VSH) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The semiconductor company reported $0.28 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $606 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $598.72 million. Vishay Intertechnology had a net margin of 2.44% and a return on equity of 8.68%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.19 EPS.  On average, equities analysts forecast that  Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. will post $1.22 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, June 29th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th were given a $0.0625 dividend. This represents a $0.25 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.39%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Tuesday, June 13th. Vishay Intertechnology’s payout ratio is presently 67.57%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Peregrine Capital Management LLC Acquires 15,344 Shares of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE:VSH)” was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/peregrine-capital-management-llc-acquires-15344-shares-of-vishay-intertechnology-inc-nysevsh.html. 
Several research firms have recently weighed in on VSH. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Vishay Intertechnology from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $20.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, July 14th. BidaskClub lowered shares of Vishay Intertechnology from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, June 23rd. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $17.00 price objective on shares of Vishay Intertechnology in a report on Friday, July 14th. Finally, ValuEngine raised shares of Vishay Intertechnology from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. One analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating, four have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $18.50.
In other news, insider Gerald Paul sold 77,334 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $16.56, for a total value of $1,280,651.04. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 340,320 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,635,699.20. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. 7.91% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
Vishay Intertechnology Company Profile
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc is a global manufacturer and supplier of discrete semiconductors and passive components. The Company operates through five product segments: MOSFETs, Diodes, Optoelectronic Components, Resistors & Inductors and Capacitors. MOSFETs segment offers low-voltage TrenchFET MOSFETs and high-voltage MOSFETs.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VSH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE:VSH).







Receive News & Ratings for Vishay Intertechnology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vishay Intertechnology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿
































NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) Earns Media Sentiment Score of -0.36 - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for NCI Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NCI Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact TINTRI INC (NASDAQ:TNTR) Share Price
Barings Corporate Investors (NYSE:MCI) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows
Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance
Medpace Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:MEDP) Stock Rating Lowered by KeyCorp
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact New Amer Hi (NYSE:HYB) Stock Price
Cloud Peak Energy (NYSE:CLD) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Blueknight Energy Partners L.P., L.L.C. (NASDAQ:BKEP) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Approach Resources (NASDAQ:AREX) Stock Price
FRONTEO (NASDAQ:FTEO) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation (NASDAQ:AXAS) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.28
Reading International Inc (NASDAQ:RDI) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
AQR Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Express, Inc. (NYSE:EXPR)
Hao Tang Acquires 400,000 Shares of Amaya Inc (TSE:AYA) Stock
AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG) Stake Raised by AQR Capital Management LLC
AQR Capital Management LLC Has $4.19 Million Position in Eldorado Gold Corporation (NYSE:EGO)
OUTFRONT Media Inc. (NYSE:OUT) Stake Raised by BlackRock Inc.
Callon Petroleum Company (NYSE:CPE) Position Cut by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.
Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $7.47 Million Position in ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Sells 376 Shares of First Horizon National Corporation (FHN)
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) Stake Reduced by Checchi Capital Advisers LLC




 


NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) Earns Media Sentiment Score of -0.36

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Press coverage about NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) has trended negative on Thursday, according to Accern Sentiment. The research group rates the sentiment of news coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources. Accern ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. NCI earned a news sentiment score of -0.36 on Accern’s scale. Accern also gave press coverage about the information technology services provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. 
NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) traded down 0.125% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $19.925. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 7,636 shares. NCI has a 52 week low of $10.98 and a 52 week high of $21.40. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $20.16 and its 200-day moving average price is $16.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $270.00 million, a PE ratio of 44.575 and a beta of 1.05. 


 Get NCI Inc. alerts:



NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The information technology services provider reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.21 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $78.75 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $76.55 million. NCI had a net margin of 2.13% and a return on equity of 11.73%.  On average, analysts anticipate that  NCI will post $1.00 earnings per share for the current year. 




A number of brokerages have recently commented on NCIT. FBR & Co  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $11.00 target price on shares of NCI in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Cowen and Company  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $16.50 target price on shares of NCI in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded NCI from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 13th. Noble Financial  reissued a “hold” rating on shares of NCI in a report on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut NCI from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $24.00 to $20.00 in a report on Monday, July 3rd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $18.33.
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “NCI (NASDAQ:NCIT) Earns Media Sentiment Score of -0.36” was  posted by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/nci-nasdaqncit-earning-critical-media-coverage-report-finds-updated.html. 
About NCI
NCI, Inc is a provider of enterprise services and solutions to defense, intelligence, healthcare and civilian government agencies. The Company provides information technology (IT), and professional services and solutions by leveraging its core service offerings, which include cloud computing and IT infrastructure optimization; cybersecurity and information assurance; engineering and logistics support; enterprise information management and advanced analytics; health IT and medical support; IT service management; modeling, simulation, and training, and agile development and integration.







Receive News & Ratings for NCI Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NCI Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 





















Edward Jones | Making Sense of Investing

























Edward Jones
Hide Menu
Open Search


Enter search terms

Close Search
Search Site







Edward JonesHide Menu



Secure Login


Find an Advisor
The Value of Edward Jones
Investments & Services
Preparing for Your Future
Market News & Guidance


Set Country

US | En
Set Country

US | En
CA | En
CA | Fr















Put the power of personal attention to work for you.





Put the power of personal attention to work for you.

As an Edward Jones client, you'll work with a dedicated financial advisor who spends time listening to you, explaining recommendations, answering questions and helping you plot the right course. We know financial decisions can be complicated, but they're important. That's why we believe every question deserves a thoughtful answer. 
Don't take our word for it. Contact your local financial advisor to see the difference personal attention can make.

Watch our video






Put the power of personal attention to work for you.

Watch our video






Online Access
Secure Login

Login Help
  |  
Enroll Now
  |  
Login Changes






By Location
By Name



Find a Financial Advisor
Enter a city and state, or zip code


Submit




Find a Financial Advisor
Select a State and then enter a last name

Select a State


State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY


Enter a last name

Submit













Featured News

Market Outlook: 3rd Quarter | Watch Video
Does Your Portfolio Need a Passport? | Read More
The 3 R's of Investing: Review, Review, Review | Read More

More news 










Working with Your Financial Advisor





Working with Your Financial Advisor
See why in-person, in-depth communication helps to guide you step by step through investment decisions on the path towards reaching your goals.

Watch our video






Working with Your Financial Advisor

Watch our video





Visualize Your Goals


Retirement Savings

Less than half of working investors know how much to save.
Use our calculator 



Savings Calculator

Realize the power of long-term saving with our calculator.
Use our calculator 



Life Insurance

80% of consumers think life insurance costs more than it does.
Use our calculator 










Ranked No. 5 on FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For List

Learn more







Quarterly Market Outlook - 3rd Quarter - 2017

Read more







Check the background of the firm with FINRA's BrokerCheck

Visit BrokerCheck.com





























 





















Find a Financial Advisor | Edward Jones

























Edward Jones
Hide Menu
Open Search


Enter search terms

Close Search
Search Site







Edward JonesHide Menu



Secure Login


Find an Advisor
The Value of Edward Jones
Investments & Services
Preparing for Your Future
Market News & Guidance


Set Country

US | En
Set Country

US | En
CA | En
CA | Fr











By Location
By Name




Find a Financial Advisor
Enter a city and state, or zip code


Submit

Get my current location


Anyone can provide advice. Our goal is to provide advice and guidance based on your needs. We have more than 14,000 financial advisors in the U.S. – each one dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
To find a financial advisor near you, use the search box above.





Find a Financial Advisor

Select a State


State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY


Enter a last name

Submit



Anyone can provide advice. Our goal is to provide advice and guidance based on your needs. We have more than 13,000 financial advisors in the U.S. – each one dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
To find a financial advisor near you, use the search box above.






Find a Financial Advisor




Start a New Search



Show More




First Name (Required)



Last Name (Required)



Email (Required)



Are you a client? (Required)


							Yes I am a client

							No I am not a client



Type your message
500 characters remaining

This form is subject to our Online Privacy Statement.

Send
Cancel


Thank you. Your message has been submitted.Close


There was an error submitting your message. Please refresh your browser and try again.Close






New Search

By Location


Submit





By Name

Select a State


State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY


Enter a last name

Submit







































  
Home » Find a Financial Advisor


 





















The Value Of Edward Jones | Edward Jones

























Edward Jones
Hide Menu
Open Search


Enter search terms

Close Search
Search Site







Edward JonesHide Menu



Secure Login


Find an Advisor
The Value of Edward Jones
Investments & Services
Preparing for Your Future
Market News & Guidance


Set Country

US | En
Set Country

US | En
CA | En
CA | Fr















The Value of Edward Jones






The Edward Jones Advantage
Watch our video
Video Icon




The Edward Jones Advantage


                Use the following Play/Pause button to start and stop the video player.  When finished continue to the next region.
                Play/Pause





There's an advantage in working with a financial advisor who knows you – and your financial goals. That's what makes Edward Jones different from other investment firms. Supporting the relationship between you and your financial advisor shapes nearly every aspect of our business.
You may have seen one of our 12,000 offices in your community. That's because we believe you deserve more than a 1-800 number when it comes to your financial future.
What you may not know is that we're a Fortune 500 company with thousands of associates and sophisticated technology supporting your local financial advisor.
The Edward Jones approach in determining your goals, and developing tailored financial strategies, has been helping nearly 7 million clients for more than 90 years.
In fact, we like to think we became one of the largest financial services firms in the country by not acting that way. If you're ready to work with a different kind of investment firm—one that cares as much about why you're investing as what you invest in— you're ready to work with Edward Jones.
Close






Working with a Personal Financial Advisor
Watch our video
Video Icon







                Use the following Play/Pause button to start and stop the video player.  When finished continue to the next region.
                Play/Pause





Working with a Personal Financial Advisor
Whether you're new to investing or have been investing for years, you owe it to yourself to experience the difference of working with an Edward Jones financial advisor. Our firm is built to deliver personalized service, and we treat you with the respect you deserve. We've been doing it since 1922.
How we can help
We get it. Investing can be complicated. Ask all the questions you want, and we will answer them in plain English. Your financial advisor is your long-term financial partner. These are important goals and you need an advocate – someone who listens and really understands what's important to you. We believe that's the best way to develop a personalized financial strategy.
Close






Are We Right for You?
Here are 5 qualities you can expect from an Edward Jones financial advisor.
View slideshow
Read more 

Are We Right for You?






Understands Me
I want to work with a financial advisor who really gets to know me and my family, our goals and what’s important to us.







Clearly Explains Investing
I’m looking for a financial advisor who will spend time educating me on investment topics and answering my questions.







Knows My Investment Style
I want someone who makes recommendations in my best interest and explains how they can help me make progress towards my goals.







Meets on My Schedule
Meeting with my financial advisor should be convenient. And I want choices – whether that means meeting in person or over the phone.







Stays in Touch
I want my financial advisor to contact me to reassure me that I’m on the right track or make suggestions if I’m not. Even if I’m not expecting it.







Edward Jones & You
If these sound like qualities you’re looking for in a financial advisor, Edward Jones might be right for you.
Find a financial advisor






Understands Me
I want to work with a financial advisor who really gets to know me and my family, our goals and what’s important to us.


Clearly Explains Investing
I’m looking for a financial advisor who will spend time educating me on investment topics and answering my questions.


Knows My Investment Style
I want someone who makes recommendations in my best interest and explains how they can help me make progress towards my goals.


Meets on My Schedule
Meeting with my financial advisor should be convenient. And I want choices – whether that means meeting in person or over the phone.


Stays in Touch
I want my financial advisor to contact me to reassure me that I’m on the right track or make suggestions if I’m not. Even if I’m not expecting it.


Edward Jones & You
If these sound like qualities you’re looking for in a financial advisor, Edward Jones might be right for you.

Find a financial advisor



Close






Focus On You
Read more



Focus On You




Every investment firm has principles. And they usually sound exactly the same. We believe Edward Jones is different in almost every way. Our principles were deliberately created with you in mind. We don't just talk about personal service. We're built to deliver it.
Your dedicated financial advisor – It's your financial future, so an 800-number or Internet search for financial advice doesn't cut it. You have a relationship with an Edward Jones financial advisor, who spends time to learn why you're investing and then develops a personalized strategy. No cookie-cutter plans here.
In your neighborhood – With more than 15,000 financial advisors, you shouldn't have to go far to find an Edward Jones office in your community. That means you can actually meet with a financial advisor to discuss what's important to you.
Tailored for individual investors - All of our resources – including investment research, online account access, easy-to-understand statements, sophisticated software and detailed reports – are developed with you in mind.
Experienced support team - Backing up this personal service is a Fortune 500 company with thousands of people and advanced technology. Your financial advisor uses these resources to develop the best strategy for you.
We spend the time and have the knowledge to help you sort through complicated financial questions. Most financial services firms claim to focus on you and your needs, but can they really do it? We believe Edward Jones is uniquely positioned from the ground up to provide the attention, respect and service you deserve.
Find a financial advisor
Close






Prepare for Your First Appointment 
Learn more



Prepare for Your First Appointment 




We're honored that you're considering working with us to help achieve your financial goals. Here are three ways you can prepare our first meeting.


Think about why you're investing
Understanding the "why" will help you be better prepared to discuss your goals and strategies to help reach them. What's important to you and your family? What do you want to achieve?


Gather your statements
If you've worked with a financial advisor before, it's helpful to know about your current investments and your experience to date. If you're new to the investing world, we promise to talk with you, not at you. Our goal is to empower you with the knowledge you'll need to pursue your goals.


Bring your questions
We want to make sure to answer any investment questions you may have, as well as how we can best work together. What do you expect? How often do you want to touch base?


Request appointment
Close






Invested in the Community
We support the communities where we live and work. See how Edward Jones gets involved.
View slideshow
Learn more 

Invested in the Community






We are invested in our community
We value the communities where we work, so we're committed to giving back. You'll find our associates serving clients in our offices, but you'll also find us investing our time and talents to support local organizations and great causes. Many Financial Advisors are on Chambers of Commerce and serve as board members and event coordinators for local organizations, and our associates volunteer, donate and support a variety of charitable organizations.







Tour De Ted
Each year, branch and Home Office associates take to the road to raise funds for cancer research for the firm's annual Tour de Ted. In memory of Ted Jones, former managing partner who died from cancer, the first Tour de Ted showcased the firm's community-oriented culture while paying tribute to the history of Edward Jones. Volunteers rode the path of the original "wire" that connected Pueblo, Colo., to St. Louis, Mo., which created our branch network.







Emergency Assistance
Sixteen Financial Advisors in Texas decided to set aside one day out of their busy schedules to give back to their community. They volunteered at the Montgomery County Emergency Assistance facility by painting offices and hallways, and sorting and tagging clothes.







School Supply Drive
Eight local Edward Jones Financial Advisors teamed up on behalf of school children, clearly demonstrating their commitment to family values. Their school supply drive brought in hundreds of classroom necessities, from notebooks and markers to tissues and cleaning wipes.







Habitat for Humanity
When investors wanted to save for a new home, Edward Jones was there to help. Associates from Ontario, Canada, helped a local family reach its goal of home ownership in another way when they came together for the Habitat for Humanity build in Amherstburg, Ont., the first such home built in this community.







Pedal the Cause
We're proud of our associates who joined the fight against cancer as Edward Jones Pedal the Cause riders. More than 200 bike riders from across the U.S. took to the streets (and the Katy Trail) to help fundraise for cancer research.







Walk to End Alzheimer's®
At Edward Jones, we live and work in the communities we serve. We want to make a difference in people’s lives, both in and out of the office. Alzheimer’s disease has a significant impact on individuals, family, friends and community. That’s why we’ve chosen to partner with the Alzheimer’s Association as the National Presenting Sponsor of the Walk to End Alzheimer’s®. We invite you to join us in the fight to end this terrible disease.





We are invested in our community
We value the communities where we work, so we're committed to giving back. You'll find our associates serving clients in our offices, but you'll also find us investing our time and talents to support local organizations and great causes. Many Financial Advisors are on Chambers of Commerce and serve as board members and event coordinators for local organizations, and our associates volunteer, donate and support a variety of charitable organizations.

Tour De Ted
Each year, branch and Home Office associates take to the road to raise funds for cancer research for the firm's annual Tour de Ted. In memory of Ted Jones, former managing partner who died from cancer, the first Tour de Ted showcased the firm's community-oriented culture while paying tribute to the history of Edward Jones. Volunteers rode the path of the original "wire" that connected Pueblo, Colo., to St. Louis, Mo., which created our branch network.


Emergency Assistance
Sixteen Financial Advisors in Texas decided to set aside one day out of their busy schedules to give back to their community. They volunteered at the Montgomery County Emergency Assistance facility by painting offices and hallways, and sorting and tagging clothes.


School Supply Drive
Eight local Edward Jones Financial Advisors teamed up on behalf of school children, clearly demonstrating their commitment to family values. Their school supply drive brought in hundreds of classroom necessities, from notebooks and markers to tissues and cleaning wipes.


Habitat for Humanity
When investors wanted to save for a new home, Edward Jones was there to help. Associates from Ontario, Canada, helped a local family reach its goal of home ownership in another way when they came together for the Habitat for Humanity build in Amherstburg, Ont., the first such home built in this community.

Pedal the Cause
We're proud of our associates who joined the fight against cancer as Edward Jones Pedal the Cause riders. More than 200 bike riders from across the U.S. took to the streets (and the Katy Trail) to help fundraise for cancer research.

Walk to End Alzheimer's®
At Edward Jones, we live and work in the communities we serve. We want to make a difference in people’s lives, both in and out of the office. Alzheimer’s disease has a significant impact on individuals, family, friends and community. That’s why we’ve chosen to partner with the Alzheimer’s Association as the National Presenting Sponsor of the Walk to End Alzheimer’s®. We invite you to join us in the fight to end this terrible disease.



Close



























 





















Investment Account Types | Edward Jones

























Edward Jones
Hide Menu
Open Search


Enter search terms

Close Search
Search Site







Edward JonesHide Menu



Secure Login


Find an Advisor
The Value of Edward Jones
Investments & Services
Preparing for Your Future
Market News & Guidance


Set Country

US | En
Set Country

US | En
CA | En
CA | Fr














Our Guidance. Your Choice.






No two investors are alike. That's why we offer many account options that let you decide how you work with us. From hands-on accounts that put you in control, to choices with built-in guidance, the decision is yours.Which approach is right for you? Explore the account options below.




Watch the Video










Choosing your account options

                   Everyone has unique financial goals and Edward Jones offers many different ways to help you achieve them. From hands-on accounts to accounts that delegate much of the decision making, we'll help you find the approach that works best for you.
                   Back





		Use the following Play/Pause button to start and stop the video player.  When finished continue to the next region.
		Play/Pause












Back





Traditional Brokerage Account

Hands-on approach with a wide range of investment choices including stocks, bonds, UITs, ETFs and mutual funds
Learn More


Edward Jones Guided Solutions® Flex Account

Hands-on approach with guardrails, account alerts and a flexible choice of investment options including stocks, bonds, ETFs and mutual funds
Learn More


Edward Jones Guided Solutions® Fund Account

Hands-on approach with guardrails, built-in rebalancing, as well as an extensive list of investment options including ETFs and mutual funds
Learn More


Edward Jones Advisory Solutions® Fund Models

Delegated approach to portfolio management with portfolio models that include a mix of mutual funds and/or ETFs
Learn More


Edward Jones Advisory Solutions® UMA Models

Delegated approach to portfolio management with portfolio models that include mutual funds, ETFs and separately managed allocations for potential tax management opportunities
Learn More






Important Information:
Many of the investments available in Guided Solutions and Advisory Solutions are offered by prospectus.
You should consider the investment objectives, risks and charges and expenses carefully before investing.
The prospectus contains this and other important information. Your Edward Jones financial advisor can provide a prospectus, which you should read carefully before investing.

        
Edward Jones is a dually registered broker-dealer and investment adviser. Edward Jones Advisory Solutions® is an asset allocation program that provides investment advisory services. Depending on a client’s minimum investment, a client can select Fund Models, which invest in affiliated mutual funds (if available), unaffiliated mutual funds and exchange-traded funds (ETFs), or UMA Models, which also include separately managed allocations (SMAs). Please review the applicable Edward Jones
Advisory Solutions Brochure for more information.


Edward Jones Guided Solutions® is a client-directed advisory program designed to provide the client with ongoing investment advice, guidance and services for an asset-based fee. Depending on a client’s minimum investment, a client can select a Guided Solutions Fund Account, which permits investment in eligible mutual funds and exchange-traded funds (ETFs), or a Guided Solutions Flex Account, which also permits investment in eligible stocks, CDs and bonds in accounts of $50,000 or more. Please review the applicable Edward Jones Guided Solutions Brochure for more information.

            

























Home » Investments & Services » Making Good Choices








Find the Best Financial Advisors Near You















































 © 2017 WiserAdvisor.com  All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy




Compare Top Financial Advisors in Your Area 









Certified Financial Advisor - No Obligation - Free Service








Select Your Portfolio Size *Select Portfolio SizeLess than $50,000$50,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000 - $500,000$500,000 - $1 million$1 million - $3 millionMore Than $3 million


Zip Code *


Name *


Phone Number *


Email *





Search Now! >>




WiserAdvisor is America's oldest and largest independent network of prescreened financial advisors. We make it easy and convenient for consumers to find and connect with prescreened financial advisors in their area.
	* Financial Advisors in our network may be dually registered; advisors, in addition to being registered as an RIA, may also be registered representatives offering securities through broker dealers. . 








Susan, a Retired School Teacher from New York








Compare Local Advisors



Experience


Past Results


Fee Schedules


Investment Style


Professionalism 





















Select The Advisor That is Right For You!




Compare Proposals




Tell Us Your Financial Goals












as featured on





















Fix the following errors:Hide


































Open an Account | TIAA































Skip to main content










Open an account
Types of accountsChoose the account you want to open 
Individual Retirement Account (IRA)


Get Started




Brokerage (stocks, bonds, ETFs, mutual funds)


Get Started




Bank account (checking, savings, CD)* 


Get Started




TIAA Personal Portfolio (robo advisor)


Get Started



Portfolio Advisor (managed account with a dedicated advisor)
Call 888-211-3868
Life insurance
Call 877-825-0411
529 college savings plan
Call 888-381-8283
Mortgage & home loans*
Call 855-842-2372



												Need something else?
										  


 Enroll in your employer's retirement planEnroll now
 Register for online access to your existing accountsRegister now



Saved application Did you previously start an application? If you saved an application that you didn't complete, log in and pick up where you left off.
Log in 


Brokerage Services are provided by TIAA Brokerage, a division of TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, Distributor. Member FINRA  and SIPC .Brokerage accounts are carried by Pershing, LLC, a subsidiary of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Member FINRA , NYSE, SIPC . 

189870




Understanding Mutual Funds | TIAA































Skip to main content











Mutual fundsA mutual fund is a collection of professionally selected and managed stocks, bonds, cash or alternative investments grouped together in one fund. Learn how mutual funds can be a convenient simple approach to investing.
See list of TIAA-CREF mutual funds


												get the basics
										  

												A convenient, simple approach to investing
										  
Here are 3 advantages of mutual funds to consider as part of your investment strategy
												

 

Don't put all your eggs in one basket
       		Mutual funds provide multiple investment opportunities in one fund.  This can provide lower risk through diversification and lower costs for you.
			

Professional money management
       		We handle all the day-to-day decisions, such as buying, selling and researching investment opportunities for our actively managed funds.
			

Easy access to your money
       		Mutual funds allow you to buy and sell shares as well as convert your assets to cash with ease.
			
View TIAA-CREF Mutual Fund Performance 


Why TIAA Five times in a row!We’re the only company to win “Best Overall Large Fund Company” five years in a row, from Thomson Reuters Lipper, an independent ratings organization.1


												tiaa options
										  

												Choose from TIAA mutual funds that may help you meet your goals.
										  


 Mutual Funds Target datePick a Lifecycle fund with a date closest to when you plan to retire, and it automatically adjusts over time.Lifecycle Funds
 Mutual Funds Risk levelLifestyle funds let you choose and maintain the risk level that's right for YOU.Lifestyle Funds

 Mutual Funds Featured funds								
					These funds cover a spectrum of asset classes and investment styles, including equity, fixed income, and asset allocation.
				 
Featured Mutual Funds 
 Mutual Funds Interested in responsible investment?								
					Our responsible investment funds have a dual objective of seeking competitive returns and making a positive economic, social and environmental impact.
				 
Responsible Investment Funds 




Nuveen Options
You can invest in Nuveen funds through a Brokerage account.


					
					Nuveen Municipal Bonds
					
				
					Looking for tax-exempt income and the potential to dampen volatility in a diversified portfolio?
						
				
Municipal Bonds


					
					Nuveen Municipal Bonds
					
				
					Learn about our wide range of funds that have received Morningstar’s Overall rating of four or five stars
						
				
Highly-rated funds


					
					Nuveen Fund Updates
					
				
					Keep up-to-date on Nuveen mutual funds quarterly commentary
						
				
Subscribe



Open a TIAA brokerage account






insightsMore about mutual fundsResearch the productsUnderstanding mutual fundsUnderstanding lifecycle funds | VideoMarket commentary2016 Outlook: Slower U.S. growth amid global deceleration


Find distribution information2016 Year End Distributions


Find tax information lettersGeneral mutual fundsForeign tax pass throughTax-Exempt Bond Fund













												Take action
										  

												Need help to decide?
										  


 Give us a callWe're here to help.855-200-8939Weekdays, 8 a.m.-10 p.m. (ET)View Directory
 Schedule a callTell us when to call you.  Schedule a call




 

Please note, the target date for Lifecycle funds is the approximate date when investors plan to start withdrawing their money. The principal value of the fund(s) is not guaranteed at any time, including at the target date.Diversification is a technique to help reduce risk. There is no guarantee that diversification will protect against a loss of income. 1 The Thomson Reuters Lipper Large Fund Award is given to the group with the lowest average decile ranking of three years’ Consistent Return for eligible funds over the three-year period ended 11/30/12, 11/30/13, 11/30/14, 11/30/15 and 11/30/2016, respectively. TIAA was ranked among 36 fund companies in 2012, 48 fund companies in 2013 and 2014,  37 fund companies in 2015 and 34 fund companies in 2016 with at least five equity, five bond, or three mixed-asset portfolios. Classification averages are calculated with all eligible share classes for each eligible classification. The calculation periods extend over 36, 60, and 120 months. The highest Lipper Leader for Consistent Return (Effective Return) value within each eligible classification determines the fund classification winner over three, five, or ten years. From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, ©2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited. This material is for informational or educational purposes only and does not constitute a recommendation or investment advice in connection with a distribution, transfer or rollover, a purchase or sale of securities or other investment property, or the management of securities or other investments, including the development of an investment strategy or retention of an investment manager or advisor. This material does not take into account any specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made in consultation with an investor's personal advisor based on the investor’s own objectives and circumstances 

192209





Request a Call From TIAA | TIAA































Skip to main content


















						Contact us
					





Request a call
Enter your name to get started.


 										First Name
 									


 										MI (Optional)
 									


 										Last Name
 									








  						next
  					







Request a call
What's it about? Choose a topic and add a comment, if you like.

selectOpening an accountManaging my incomeInvestment adviceMy investment mixIRA optionsAsset consolidationMeeting my financial goalsIncreasing my pre-tax retirement savingsIncreasing my after-tax savingsCustomer servicePlanning dependent care Contacting Investment Advisory Services (IAS)Life InsuranceBrokerage ServicesPersonal AnnuitiesOther




								TOPIC
						


 										COMMENT (OPTIONAL)
 									








  						previous
  					


  						next
  					







Request a call
How should we reach you? Provide a phone number and best time to call.


 										PHONE NUMBER
 									

selectMorning 9 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. (ET)Afternoon 12:30 p.m. - 5 p.m. (ET)




								BEST TIME TO CALL
						








      								previous
      							


















												Other options
										  


 Want to send a message?Send one now
 Want to find a TIAA office near you?Find TIAA


1 TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company (TIAA Life) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (TIAA). TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, member FINRA distributes securities products. Each of the foregoing is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations. Some products may not be available in all states. 2 We reserve the right to limit premiums to no more than $1,000,000 in a calendar year. See contract for details. 3 With the TIAA Life Intelligent Variable Annuity, you can choose from over 60 investment options from recognized investment management companies. 75% of Intelligent Variable Annuity’s investment options have received a 4- or 5-star overall rating from Morningstar. According to Morningstar, 37% of Intelligent Variable Annuity’s investment accounts received 4 stars and 38% received 5 stars as of 12/31/16. Morningstar ratings reflect historical risk-adjusted performance, and are subject to change every month. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Some restrictions and fees may apply so see the prospectus for details. 4 All guarantees are based upon TIAA Life's claims paying ability. 5 Our Annuity Cost Saving Tool is not approved for use in the state of Oregon. 6 For its stability, claims-paying ability and overall financial strength, TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company is a member of one of only three insurance groups in the United States to hold the highest rating available to U.S. insurers from three of the four leading independent insurance company rating agencies. TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company (TIAA Life) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (TIAA). TIAA Life holds the following ratings as a result of its relationship with TIAA: 


A.M. Best (A++ as of 6/17)


, 


Fitch (AAA as of 2/17)


 and 


Standard & Poor's (AA+ as of 11/16)


, and the second highest possible rating from 


Moody’s Investors Service (Aa1 as of 2/17)


. There is no guarantee that current ratings will be maintained. The financial strength ratings represent a company’s ability to meet policyholders’ obligations and claims and do not apply to variable annuities or any other product or service not fully backed by TIAA Life’s claims-paying ability. The ratings also do not apply to the safety or the performance of the variable accounts, which will fluctuate in value. 7 The first variable annuity, CREF Stock, was created by CREF (College Retirement Equities Fund) in 1952. This material is for informational or educational purposes only and does not constitute a recommendation or investment advice in connection with a distribution, transfer or rollover, a purchase or sale of securities or other investment property, or the management of securities or other investments, including the development of an investment strategy or retention of an investment manager or advisor. This material does not take into account any specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made in consultation with an investor’s personal advisor based on the investor’s own objectives and circumstances.Intelligent Variable Annuity, contract form series TCL-VA2, TCL-VA2-GLWB, is issued by TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company, 730 Third Avenue, New York, NY 10017. Not available in all states. Please keep in mind that annuities are designed for retirement and other long-term goals. If you choose to invest in the variable investment products, your money will be subject to the risks associated with investing in securities. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so your investment, when redeemed, could be worth more or less than the original cost.Withdrawals are subject to income tax, and a 10% penalty tax may apply if you are under age 59 1/2. TIAA Life’s Intelligent Variable Annuity’s maximum annuity expense charge ranges from 0.45% to 0.70%. If the Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit option is selected, the fee is 0.10% and the maximum expense charge ranges from 0.55% to 0.80%. All expense information presented here is as of the prospectus dated May 1, 2017. Please see the prospectus for more information. According to Morningstar, the average annuity expense charge is 1.31% for all non-group variable annuity subaccounts in Morningstar Direct as of 5/9/2017. Our mutual fund and variable annuity products are subject to various fees and expenses, including but not limited to management, administrative, and distribution fees; our variable annuity products have an additional mortality and expense risk charge. ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.  






Retirement Planning Calculators & Financial Tools  | TIAA































Skip to main content











Retirement calculators & financial toolsWant help creating a budget? Calculating your needs for retirement? Saving for your children's education? TIAA's online tools can help you answer many important financial questions.
	 	 
Featured tools
				 
Retirement Advisor
       		Receive a customized retirement action plan with savings and investment recommendations.
			
Get started 
Retirement Income Planner
       		Log in to explore your income options to help meet your retirement income goals. 
			
Log in  

More ToolsRetirement planningRetirement AdvisorComplete four steps and receive a customized Retirement Action Plan with savings and investment recommendations. Retirement Income PlannerExplore your income options with varied assumptions and compare a wide range of scenarios to help you meet your retirement income goals. Log in required.Retirement ProfileAnswer a few simple questions and find out what your life could be like in retirement—from both a lifestyle and financial perspective. Receive a snapshot that will help you start planning. Log in required.Lifetime Income CalculatorNeed to fill an income gap? Find answers in minutes. Either enter your target income goal, or learn how much income an annuity can potentially create.Retirement Goal EvaluatorFind out how much of your current income you might be able to replace in retirement and where you may have shortfalls.Early Withdrawal CalculatorUnderstand the impact of taking an early withdrawal from your retirement account – including lost asset growth, tax consequences and penalties.


IRAsIRA Finder ToolQuickly learn whether you’re eligible for a Traditional or Roth IRA, and see how much you can contribute.IRA Contribution Limits Answer a few questions to determine how much you can contribute to a Roth or a Traditional IRA.Roth IRA ConversionFind out if it makes sense to convert your Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA.


TaxesTax-Advantage CalculatorSee why contributing to a tax-deferred retirement annuity may be to your advantage — potentially building more retirement savings while reducing your current taxable income.Tax-Deferred Contributions CalculatorDetermine the maximum amount you can contribute to a supplemental tax-deferred account.IRA Contribution LimitsAnswer a few questions to determine how much you can contribute to a Roth or a Traditional IRA.Minimum Distribution CalculatorFind out how much you must withdraw from your retirement accounts when you reach age 70½.


Saving & investingAsset Allocation EvaluatorDiversify your retirement savings across a range of assets classes, such as equity, fixed income and real estate. See sample scenarios based on answers to a few questions.Compare InvestmentsCompare historical performance, risk, holdings, and ratings for up to five mutual funds and/or Retirement Plan Annuities.Annuity Cost Savings CalculatorSee how much you may save in annuity expenses. Use this interactive tool to explore the impact lower expenses may have on your annuity's account value and benefits.


BudgetingBudget WorksheetLearn to budget and manage your money in 10 steps.Retirement Budget WorksheetEvaluate your expenses in retirement and create a budget.


Life insuranceLife WizardEstimate how much term life insurance you may need and what it could cost. Life Insurance CalculatorEstimate how much life insurance your family may need to replace income if you (or another breadwinner) pass away.Life Insurance Premium Quick QuotesAnswer a few questions and get a term life insurance quote on the spot. 






Financial education  55% of students report having 0% exposure to financial education TIAA joined forces with the Council of Graduate Schools and leading universities to help change this statistic by researching students’ financial challenges and creating programs to address them.


						Leaving this page?
						
							

						You are about to leave TIAA's website and access a website that is unaffiliated with TIAA. TIAA does not assume responsibility or liability for the content or privacy policies of external sites.
						
							



CANCEL


OK






Learn more  
TIAA is here for you In addition to our online tools, we're here to help. We offer:  One-on-one consultations at no additional cost on the phone or in person. Help to get you the most from your retirement benefits. A broad review of your finances, including your TIAA and non-TIAA accounts.
Call us
855-200-8939Weekdays, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. (ET)  


Next Steps
Consider getting started


					
					Calling us
					
				
					We’re here to help.Weekdays, 8 a.m. – 7 p.m. (ET) 

Call now


					
					Schedule a call
					
				
					Tell us when to call you.  

Schedule a Call


					
					Starting your profile 
					
				
					You can log in and start your retirement profile.
						
				
Start my profile







See information contained within the above tools and calculators for assumptions, approach and methodology. 

154808


