 



MasteryConnect

























































Free Webinar
Using Formative Assessment Data to Guide Instruction
With Shannon Wells, Ph.D.President & CEO of Key Data Systems
Learn More






Meet
MasteryConnect
Watch Video
1m 12s





Anchored in Data:Informing Learning & Practice
Spring Branch ISD | Houston, Texas
Watch Video
6m 16s







ACHIEVED GROWTH GOAL
169/209 Students




Growth ReportingMade Simple
Measure and Monitor Growth with the New MasteryConnect Growth Reporting
Learn More
0m 26s
















See why over 2.5 Million educators in all 50 states and 170 countries have joined the community!
Request Demo




Mastery Learning Made Simple
Identify levels of understanding, target students for intervention,
    and improve learning and instruction.








Mastery Tracking
        Assess and track mastery of state and Common Core standards. Know what your students know in real-time.
      

Resource Pins
        Pin and upload resources aligned to standards.  Share resources in a curriculum map and in student playlists.
      

Assessment Sharing
        Share and discover common assessments in a global professional learning community.
      

Time-Saving Grading Tools
        Save time with instant grading tools: tablet, mobile device, web browser, and GradeCam™ bubblesheet scanning.
      








See Who's Using MasteryConnect
Educators are using MasteryConnect solutions for formative assessment, curriculum planning, interim-benchmark assessment and collaboration to drive student success in classrooms around the world.
Explore Stories







MasteryConnect acquires Socrative to bring you integrated student response for FREE.
Socrative is a smart student response system that empowers teachers to engage their classrooms through a series of educational exercises and games via smartphones, laptops, and tablets.
Learn More







Apps, Buttons, Widgets & Goodies
Download our free apps for Common Core, Science, and student assessment; scan bubble sheets from your iPad, capture evidence of student learning, and start pinning standards-aligned resources.
Learn More











Apps, Buttons, Widgets & Goodies
Download our free apps for Common Core, Science, and student assessment; scan bubble sheets from your iPad, capture evidence of student learning, and start pinning standards-aligned resources.
Learn More








What Others Are Saying
"Thanks to MasteryConnect, educators can connect with colleagues throughout the nation to develop and share common assessments. Educators can now extend their professional learning communities beyond their schools. This ready access to expanded expertise is exactly what we have been hoping would become available to educators."
          
Dr. Rick DuFour








Read more about what others are saying on our press page.


















Join for Free

See why over 2.5 Million educators in all 50 states and 170 countries have joined the community!
































MasteryConnect :: sessions
























Log In




 

           USERNAME or EMAIL ADDRESS
    



PASSWORD



Submit



Forgot Password?  Sign Up






 or 




 



 




 Terms of Service | Privacy Policy




























Close







Student
























 



Pricing | MasteryConnect






















































Start Tracking Mastery!
See why over 1 million educators in more than 85% of school districts in all 50 states & D.C. have joined the MasteryConnect community! 







List of Features

Free
for verified teachers / admins
Choose


Teacher Pro
$249 / year (pay by credit card)
Choose


School / District
Call for Pricing
Choose





Mastery Tracker
 
 
 


Common Assessment Sharing
 
 
 


Learning Community
 
 
 


Standards for Every State, Subject & Class
 
 
 


Teacher App (MasteryConnect Mobile Apps)
 
 
 


Resource Pins
 
 
 


Teacher-Created Assessments & Reports
 
 
 


Team Data Collaboration Tools
 
 
 


Grading Tools (GradeCam, Tablet/Mobile, Browser)
Up to 10 questions
Up to 100 questions
Up to 100 questions


Socrative Instant Response
 
 
 


Export to Gradebook
 
 
 


3-Point Proficiency Scale Support
 
 
 


Student Report/Parent Communication
 
 
 


Custom Standard Authoring
 
 
 


Teacher/Student Mobile Apps
 
 
 


Student Information System Integration
 
 
 


Single Sign-On
 
 
 


LTI Integration with LMS
 
 
 


World-Class Support
 
 
 


Online Professional Development
$
$
$


Third-Party Item Banks
$
$
Click here to learn more


Benchmark/Interim Assessment & Reporting
 
 
 


Curriculum Maps
 
 
 


Student Portal
 
 
 


Parent Portal
 
 
 


Student Playlists
 
 
 


API Access
 
 
 


District Item Authoring (includes TEIs)
 
 
 


Custom Reporting
 
 
 


Growth Reporting
 
 
 


Standards-Based Progress Reports
 
 
 


Proficiency Calculations
 
 
 


4-Point Proficiency Scale Support
 
 
 


Bulk Benchmark Data Exporting
 
 
 


On-site Professional Development
 
 
Click here to learn more




      Minimum $2,100 + Professional Development for School/District purchases
      $ = Request Pricing
    





      "I really can't say enough good about MasteryConnect.
      Pretty sure I couldn't teach without it."
    
- Olivia Oldham6th Grade Teacher, Riverton Elementary





Frequently Asked


Why different pricing for schools/districts and individual teachers?

        School and district purchases of MasteryConnect include special reporting features as well as multi-user management features.  With individual teacher purchases, pricing reflects the possible variation in numbers of students for a single teacher.  With BubbleScore-only plans, individual teacher pricing is not available and must be purchased at a school/district level with a minimum of one grade purchase.  MasteryConnect's Premium Suite includes the BubbleScore gradebook and assessment tools and can be purchased on an individual teacher basis.
        


Do you support the transition from my state core to the Common Core?

        Yes! MasteryConnect works with both your state’s core and the Common Core standards. Our pricing includes the Common Core Standards as well as your state standards for Math, ELA, Science, and Social Studies for Mastery Tracking and common assessment sharing. Free accounts have access to share and discover assessments around the Common Core and state standards we currently have available.  Premium accounts can share assessments around state and Common Core standards as well as take advantage of mastery tracking, time-saving assessment tools, and standards-based reporting.
        


What types of payment do you accept?

        With school and district purchases, we’re easy to work with! We accept checks and work with your accounting departments on purchase orders. For individual teachers paying with a credit card, we accept: Visa, MasteryCard, Discover, American Express, and PayPal. Pay-by-check is also accepted through PayPal.  Payments will show up on your credit card as "Masteryconnect Inc."
        


What is your return/cancellation policy for credit card payments?

        We provide teachers who pay for individual teacher plans with a personal credit card a 30-day, no-questions-asked, money back guarantee.
        


How can I use Title I funds to purchase MasteryConnect?

        Many schools and districts have used Title I funding to purchase MasteryConnect solutions and professional development. Click here to download a PDF providing more information on how MasteryConnect meets Title I guidelines.
        


Does MasteryConnect provide training and Professional Development?

        MasteryConnect provides a variety of professional development options in both webinar and on-site formats.  We also provide online video help and a step-by-step tutorial in both free and paid accounts. Videos are easy to follow and provide training on all features of both MasteryConnect and BubbleScore. If you are a school or district signing up, your MasteryConnect account representative can speak with you more about our included and additional professional development options.
        


What are the technical requirements?

        MasteryConnect and BubbleScore are web-based solutions in the cloud. All you need is an up-to-date web browser on a Mac or PC. For GradeCam bubblesheet scanning, a simple browser plugin needs to be installed (don’t worry, we'll walk you through it). For scoring from the iPad/iPod...well, you’ll need to get an iPad or iPod for your students and then download the FREE BubbleSheet app. The BubbleSheet app for iPod/iPad handles student responses for both MasteryConnect and BubbleScore and instantly updates the respective gradebooks in real-time.
        


Do you provide support for Elmo cameras?

        For GradeCam bubble sheet scanning, MasteryConnect does not officially provide support for Elmo document cameras.  We do, however, provide beta software that reportedly works with most Elmo cameras.  Many schools are using this beta software with no problems.  Because we don't officially support Elmo, our support team is unable to provide phone or email support around installation and troubleshooting of the beta software with your Elmo camera.  We do provide a help step card for the beta plugin to get you started.  The step card provides links to the download of the Elmo plugin installation file as well as instructions on how to get the plugin installed.  For GradeCam bubble sheet scanning, we recommend using a built-in web camera, USB web camera, or USB document camera with a minimum 5 megapixel capability.  We suggest testing the camera that you would like to use before purchase of MasteryConnect and before a bulk purchase of one type of document or web camera.
        


Additional questions?

        If you have any additional questions before signing up, we’d be happy to answer them! Check out our webinars page and register for an upcoming online demonstration. Or you can contact us through the web or call us at 801-736-0258. Our offices are located at 175 West 200 South, Ste 1000, Salt Lake City, UT 84101, USA
        









Join for Free

See why over 2.5 Million educators in all 50 states and 170 countries have joined the community!


























 



Formative Assessment Strategies & Tools | MasteryConnect






















































K-12 Assessment & Curriculum Tools
MasteryConnect is designed with the teacher in mind. Take a moment to browse ourfull list of features and see how MasteryConnect can benefit you.

Get Started Free








Mastery Tracker

 View Screenshots


Designed with the teacher in mind.
Through MasteryConnect’s MasteryTracker, teachers can effectively assess core standards, monitor student performance, and report student mastery to parents and administrators.


Assess with any content – Use multiple choice, rubrics, oral assessments, writing assessments or any curriculum or content type.



Real-time Mastery Status – Visualize student performance relative to the core with the traffic light approach of red, yellow, and green mastery status.



Curriculum Maps – Mix and match standard sets, create custom standards, and easily drag and drop standards into any sequence.



Multi-standard / Benchmark Assessments – Administer district-created or teacher-created benchmark assessments. Utilize third-party item bank content. 



State and Common Core Standards – Convenient 'View Standards' links helps teachers stay focused on teaching and assessing core standards.



Standards-Based student reports – Integrated standards-based reports provide real-time information about mastery to students and parents.



Integrated Standards resources – Easily view resources and content tied to both state and Common Core standards.



Remediation / Re-teaching – With focus on individual standards, teachers can easily identify which students are struggling to understand a concept.



Response to Intervention (RTI) – With simple reports and the mastery tracker, identifying students for tiered interventions has never been easier.









Common Assessment Creation & Sharing

 View Screenshots


Common assessment sharing is FREE for all teachers.
Teachers sharing common assessments saves everyone time. Share assessments of any curriculum type such as multiple choice, open-answer, rubrics, writing and oral assessments.


Upload any document type – Assessments can be uploaded in any digital format including Microsoft Word, Adobe PDF, or OpenOffice.



Discuss and Collaborate – Take your PLC online with discussion tools around common assessments, standards, and data.



Automatically add to the mastery tracker – Instantly add assessments to your mastery tracker for immediate grading and feedback.



Modify and Remix Assessments – Download and modify teacher-created open educational resources (OER) to make valid for your class.  Re-upload and share back with the community.



Powerful filtering & peer review – Powerful filtering tools help you get to the best and most used assessments.  View assessments that have been peer reviewed by teachers just like you!



Privacy Controls – Maintain control over the privacy of your assessments and keep private to yourself. Share assessments within just your school/district, or share with the entire MasteryConnect community.



Formative assessment item bank –
        Easily create custom benchmark / interim assessments and standards-aligned common formative assessments. MasteryConnect offers third party item banks as well as the ability to import item banks that you create. Click here to learn more 




Technology enhanced items – Deliver technology enhanced items (TEI's) on tablets, mobile devices, and through a web browser. Prepare students for the new PARCC and SBAC assessments.








Resource Pins

 View Screenshots


Pin and discover standards aligned resources.
With familiar pinning tools, easily find resources that have been aligned to both state and Common Core standards.  Upload your own resources to curriculum maps and share pins in student playlists.


Discover standards aligned resources – Quickly filter "pinned" resources by standard. Re-pin to your own pin boards.



Pin from any website – Use the Pin Resource bookmarklet or Chrome extension to pin from any website.  Or pin directly from a URL.



Upload images, docs & videos – Grab an image or video from any website, or upload a document in Microsoft Office, PDF, or OpenOffice format.



Create resource boards – Pin and re-pin to your own boards. Create a collection of pins based on alignment, class, material-type, or any category you choose.



Playlists for students – Flip the classroom! Create playlists for students of pinned resources.



Connect resources to curriculum maps – Align materials and resources in your curriculum maps and share the maps with your team.








Learning Community

 View Screenshots


Teachers can join the Learning Community for FREE!
MasteryConnect takes the work out of practicing a Professional Learning Community and lets teachers create their own Personal Learning Network.


Personal Learning Network – Create your own personal learning network and follow other teachers.



News Feed – Check your news feed often to stay up to date with the teachers you are following.



Private Messaging – Send direct messages to teachers in the Learning Community and have private conversations.



Personal Profile Page – Share your bio, school, and other information as well as let people see your news feed activities.








Socrative

 View Screenshots


Socrative Instant Response
Check in with your students throughout class to instantly gauge their understanding. All their answers and ideas will populate your dashboard in real time.


On the fly questioning – Poll your students with Multiple Choice, True False, or Short answer questions. Zero preparation is required.



Class/Student Level Reporting  – Download and email all your activity reports by class, question type, or individual student.



Formative Assessments – Create your own library of formative assessments and have Socrative deliver and grade them for you in an instant. Share the assessments with your personal learning network.



Space Races – Deliver any gradable assessment as a fun interactive Space Race. Engage all your students in some healthy competition and receive detailed results afterwards!



Visualize Real-time Results – All student answers will be instantly graphed and displayed on your screen so you can discuss, collaborate, and engage.



Total Accessibility – Socrative can be used on all web-enabled devices; select a browser of your choice or utilize iOS, Android, Chrome, or Windows Apps.








Grading Tools




Time-Saving Assessment Tools give teachers their time back.
MasteryConnect's assessment tools provide multiple ways to give formative and benchmark/interim assessments, and makes grading automatic and fast. Scores appear in real-time right in your MasteryTracker.


GradeCam™ Bubble sheet Scanning – Scan plain paper bubble sheets right from your web or document camera and grade instantly!



Masteryscan App – Scan plain paper bubble sheets using the camera on your iPad with the FREE MasteryScan App.



Bubblesheet Assessment App – Go paperless and give assessments that you create on any tablet or mobile device. Deliver any assessment item type including technology enhanced items.



Browser Assessment & Scoring – Give assessments through any web browser on a Mac or PC and instantly score in the MasteryTracker.



Instant Data & Reporting – Get immediate feedback through instant reports such as item analysis and real-time mastery reports.



Gradebook / SIS Export – Automatically export scores to ANY gradebook or Student Information System.








Reports




School/District Reporting for teachers, parents, and admins.
Get real-time information right from the classroom about standards that have been taught and assessed. Teachers can easily compare and collaborate around data driven by common assessments.


Collaborate around common assessment data – Empower your team conversations by providing reports to compare common assessment data.



Parent Communication – Parents can easily view the standards being assessed as well as the student mastery and progress of each standard.



Multi-Standard/Benchmark Reports – Reports for multi-standard & benchmark assessments provide the ability to compare data across standards.



Standards Reports – Easy-to-read charts and graphs show real-time progress of core standards that have been mastered, and student progress over time.








Integration Ready




Synchronizing roster information, demographics and other key data for reporting.
Data and single-sign-on API's allow you to connect your MasteryConnect data to school and district dashboards or data warehouse systems.


Student Information System (SIS) Integration – SIS integration works with most major systems out there and is included in your purchase of MasteryConnect.



Single-Sign-On Authentication API – MasteryConnect provides authentication tools that allow single-sign-on capability from any tools or systems that you have developed.



Data Warehouse & Export API – With our simple REST API, you can quickly connect to all your assessment data and pull that data into other systems such as a data warehouse.



LTI Integration – Seamlessly connect with any LMS platform with LTI 1.1 support.









Join for Free

See why over 2.5 Million educators in all 50 states and 170 countries have joined the community!
































MasteryConnect :: sessions
























Log In




 

           USERNAME or EMAIL ADDRESS
    



PASSWORD



Submit



Forgot Password?  Sign Up






 or 




 



 




 Terms of Service | Privacy Policy




























Close







MasteryConnect Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























masteryconnect inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
MasteryConnect, Inc. produces educational software. The Company develops and supports software platforms for monitoring and reporting student performance according to customizable standards, and offers other tools for teachers. MasteryConnect serves customers throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

9350 South 150 East
Suite 575
Sandy, UT 84070
United States


Phone:
1-801-736-0258


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.masteryconnect.com























From The Web












Press Releases




EdTech CEO Veteran Joins Tyton Partners to Focus on Europe and Asia

Jun 12, 2017







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































MasteryConnect | Product Reviews | EdSurge 
Company DashboardWhat We DoMust-know news, insights and opinions at the juncture of education and technologyCheck It OutThe best available jobs in the edtech industry and education around the USCheck It OutThe latest trends and leaders transforming higher education with technologyCheck It OutThe latest education technology tools, reviewed by teachersCheck It OutBest practice research about how technology is used in leading schools and districtsCheck It OutDashboardProduct Index Teacher NeedsAssessmentMasteryConnect by MasteryConnectGRADES / Elementary (Grades K-4), Middle School (Grades 5-8), High School (Grades 9-12)PRICING PLANS / FreemiumPLATFORMS / Android, Web Browser, iOS Devices, iPadhttp://www.masteryconnect.com/Write a Case StudyWrite a Case StudyAbout Reviews Case Studies2 Summit Reflections+About Reviews Tools to help teachers track mastery of state and Common Core standards in core subjectsOverviewMasteryConnect is an online resource that helps teachers identify and track student mastery of Common Core State Standards to inform teaching practice. MasteryConnect’s site is programmed with every standard from all fifty states and the District of Columbia, over one million standards in total. Teachers have the option to manually input student raw scores or take advantage of MasteryConnect’s digital resources to create online assessments, then generate reports based on student progress towards standards mastery. MasteryConnect is free to users, however, the company offers upgraded features for teachers at $249 a year, or for schools and districts at $7 per student per year.APPROACHMasteryConnect allows teachers to keep track of student formative assessment data. Teachers input student data into MasteryConnect in one of four ways:
By entering raw student scores from formative assessments
By using MasteryConnect’s GradeCam to take pictures of bubbled scoring sheets
By uploading rubrics and determining mastery based on observations
By assigning online assessments generated with MasteryConnect’s online item bank of tech-enhanced questions
Teachers work within the “Mastery Tracker”, MasteryConnect’s user dashboard. Through the “Trackers” feature, teachers can view data for the entire class or for individual students. Data is color coded to show students that need remediation, are near mastery, or have mastered a standard. Teachers can filter data to sort by specific standards or by analyzing a specific item or question. MasteryConnect makes it possible to share data between teachers and to generate collaborative reports across multiple classrooms. The MasteryConnect site includes standards-aligned curriculum maps to help guide unit and lesson planning, as well as shared assessments between teachers.Administrators can utilize MasteryConnect to view district data. MasteryConnect generates reports based on the total percentage of standards assessed, progress towards mastery of the standards assessed, and information on individual assessments and standards. Administrators determine how broad or how granular they would like each report to be, making it possible to look at district, school, classroom, teacher, and individual student data.MasteryConnect includes a Resource Pins feature. Teachers can “pin” standards-aligned resources they find online or materials they upload to the MasteryConnect site to their curriculum map. Teachers can also pin resources to student “playlists” where they can be accessed from each student’s personal page.Beyond standards-tracking tools, MasteryConnect offers “Socrative”, a real-time assessment tool, and “Mindful”, a professional development resource for teachers and administrators. Through Socrative, teachers can gauge student comprehension through multiple choice, true/false, or short answer questions, a quiz game, or through an exit ticket. Students answer questions using their personal device, while teachers can view a live results table that populates as students respond. Teachers can use Socrative to create, save, and share assessments and to review data from past quizzes.Mindful guides teachers through MasteryConnect’s suite of online tools through various learning modules and videos. Lessons are self-paced and include an embedded notetaking feature and reflection questions. Administrators can generate reports to see teacher progress and completion.The MasteryConnect site provides users with a number of resources, among them a user guide, training pack, videos, and a blog. MasteryConnect is accessible across multiple devices, including tablets and smartphones. The company offers several free iOS and Android apps, including one for Common Core, State Core Standards, and NGSS Science. Teachers can also take advantage of the MasteryScan app with the GradeCam feature that can instantly score bubbled test sheets.MasteryConnect for Students and ParentsWhile the MasteryConnect interface is geared primarily for teachers and administrators, the company offers student and parent access, as well. Personal accounts make it possible for students and parents to view student progress towards standards mastery. Students can also access resources and complete online assessments posted by their teacher.WHO'S USING ITAccording to the MasteryConnect website, the online tool is used by over 2.5 million educators across all fifty states and Washington, DC. MasteryConnect also boasts users in 170 countries around the world.PRICEMasteryConnect is a freemium product. Free content includes the MasteryTracker, Common Core Assessment Sharing, the resource pin feature, and Socrative Instant Response. Free users can scan up to 10 questions using the MasteryScan GradeScam app feature. Forupgraded features, teachers can expect to pay $249 for an annual subscription to Teacher Pro. Alternately, school- and district-wide access costs $7 per student. Teacher Pro features include GradeScan capabilities up to 100 questions, data exporting, collaborative tools and reporting, student reports, parent reports, and curriculum maps. Schools and districts have access to benchmarking and assessment tools, progress reports, teacher and student management, and Student Information System (SIS) integration. READ MOREEDUCATOR REVIEWSCase Studies2Federico, @EdjuvinatorDean of Innovation, Immaculata-La Salle High School, FloridaWe were trying to get a better sense of how teachers were meeting the standards across all of our courses including those with custom standards. Then, tracking student progress across our school. Read Full ReviewSummit Reflections +No Summit Reflections(In Summit Reflections, educators review tools that they have seen at an EdSurge Tech for Schools Summit. Summit Reflections can only be completed onsite at the event; reviewers are incentivized to leave reviews.)PRODUCT VIDEOS MasteryConnect overview MasteryConnect in a nutshell Using MasteryConnect Our team is working to update this page - Email us with your questions today!IN EDSURGE NEWSMasteryConnect Raises $4.5M Series C Round to Refocus on Core Product and ProfitsDec 14, 2016MasteryConnect Cuts 30 Percent of Staff, Brings Co-Founder Mick Hewitt Back as CEOOct  5, 20163 Ways to Fix District PD—Tap Internal Talent, Analyze Your Data Footprint, and ListenJul 11, 2016The Curious Case of Missing Computers and the First Year TeacherOct 12, 2015S'Cool Tools of the Week: Common Core Quest, Mastery Connect, GoEnnounce, Niche, SAM LabsNov  9, 2014MasteryConnect Acquires Student Response System, Socrative, for $5MJun 19, 2014How To Teach 800 Middle SchoolersMar 19, 2014PRODUCT ATTRIBUTESStandards Common Core AlignedAudience For Teachers K-12Characteristics Assessment Gap App Challenge Instructional Systems× 







MasteryConnect, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





MasteryConnect, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Investors



MasteryConnect, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2009




Headquarters


222 South Main, Suite 200, Salt Lake City, UT 84101




Employees (Worldwide)


51 - 100




Industries


Computer Software

Holding Companies

Consumer Services

Schools & Student Services




Company Description


MasteryConnect, Inc. operates an educational cloud-based software platform for teachers. The company was founded by Trenton Goble, Michael A. Hewitt, and Douglas Weber in 2009 and is headquartered in Salt Lake City, UT.




Website


http://www.masteryconnect.com






 In The News
          See more




Marketwire (Canada)
June 12, 2017





                        EdTech CEO Veteran Joins Tyton Partners to Focus on Europe and Asia                     





Business Wire
February 8, 2017





                        MasteryConnect Releases iPhone Version of Popular Mobile App for Teachers                    





Business Wire
January 26, 2017





                        MasteryConnect Unveils Suite of Integrated Reporting Tools to Solve the Challenge of Measuring and Monitoring Student Growth                    





Business Wire
December 14, 2016





                        MasteryConnect Announces Series C Financing to Fuel Innovation in K-12 Assessment and Curriculum Technology, Achieve Profitability                    





Business Wire
October 18, 2016





                        MasteryConnect Releases Evidence Capture from Beta                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Mark Pocock

Chief Financial Officer




Douglas Weber

Chief Technology Officer





Michael Hewitt

Director & Chief Product Officer




Trenton Goble

Chief Learning Officer





Cindi Dunford

Efficacy Coordinator




Jennifer Knighton

Director of Business Development





Chase Boyer

National Director of Sales




Trey Wallis

Vice President User Experience





Christie Jennings

Business Development Manager




Dana Bulba

Client Success Manager







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Lawrence K. Orr

General Partner at Trinity Ventures LP




Tory Patterson

Partner at Catamount Ventures LLC





Jami O'Toole

Senior Director, Data Driven Education at Michael & Susan Dell Foundation




Michael Hewitt

Director & Chief Product Officer at MasteryConnect, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to MasteryConnect, Inc.



                        MasteryConnect, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 MasteryConnect, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with MasteryConnect, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    MasteryConnect, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    MasteryConnect, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    MasteryConnect, Inc., Catamount Ventures LLC purchase Socrative, Inc. from True Ventures LLC                                                                      




 Details Hidden



                                    MasteryConnect, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    MasteryConnect, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    






See 1 more listing with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1 More 


 


 Investors



 Details Hidden


Priscilla Chan

                                    Co-Founder at Chan Zuckerberg Initiative LLC                                




 Details Hidden


Catamount Ventures LLC

                                    Catamount Ventures focuses on seed and early-stage investments in the technology and green/clean/sustainable environmental sectors. The firm's 'green' investment mandate seeks investment opportunities with world class entrepreneurs with innovative ideas across all sectors of the economy including but not limited to food, air, water, transportation, materials, alternative energy and energy reduction. Catamount Ventures' technology investments focus on consumer Internet and enterprise technology companies.                                




 Details Hidden


Pelion Venture Partners

                                    Pelion Venture Partners focuses on investments in early-stage companies. The firm target companies operating in the fields of digital media, infrastructure & storage, medical & healthcare, security and software/ SaaS companies. They are hands-on in their approach and work collaboratively on each portfolio company over the life of an investment. The firm partners benefit from their insights and their abilities to focus strategically and tactically on success. They can tap into and leverage a vast network of technology executives in all corners of the IT industry to help their companies achieve success.                                




 Details Hidden


Michael & Susan Dell Foundation

                                    The Michael & Susan Dell Foundation aims to improve outcomes for underserved children. It funds programs that foster and improve the education, health and safety of children. The Foundation's programs include urban education, childhood health, and family economic stability.The Michael & Susan Dell Foundation was founded in 1999. Its headquarters are located in Austin, TX.                                




 Details Hidden


Trinity Ventures LP

                                    Trinity Ventures focuses on investments in technology and consumer start-up companies including clean technology, consumer, infrastructure, services and software. Their specific areas of interest include: advertising, cloud computing, digital media, e-commerce, enterprise 2.0, financial services, gaming, lead generation, marketplace, mobile, networking, open source, SaaS, security, systems management, UGC, vertical content, video and wireless.                                






See 9 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 9 More 







You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 



MasteryConnect

















































Start Tracking Mastery!
See why over 1 million educators in more than 85% of school districts in all 50 states & D.C. have joined the MasteryConnect community! 







List of Features

Free
for verified teachers / admins
Choose


Single Teacher
$159 / year (pay by credit card)
Choose


School / District
$7 per student / year
Choose





MasteryTracker
 
 
 


Common Assessment Sharing
 
 
 


Resource Pins
 
 
 


Learning Community
 
 
 


Socrative Instant Response
 
 
 


Grading Tools (GradeCam, Tablet/Mobile, Browser)
Up to 10 questions
Up to 100 questions
Up to 100 questions


Exporting
 
 
 


Team Data Collaboration Tools & Reporting
 
 
 


Assessment Privacy Controls
 
 
 


Student Reports
 
 
 


Parent Reporting
 
 
 


Curriculum Maps
 
 
 


Benchmark / Interim Assessment Tools
 
 
 


School & District Reports
 
 
 


Student Mastery Report (custom setup fees may apply)
 
 
 


Teacher & Student Management
 
 
 


World-Class Support
 
 
 


Student Information System (SIS) Integration
 
 
 


District Item Authoring
 
 
 


Partner Item Banks (includes support for TEI's)
 
 
Click here to learn more


Online Teacher Professional Development
 
 
Call for pricing


On-site Professional Development
 
 
Call for pricing




      Minimum $2,100 + Professional Development for School/District purchases
    





      "I really can't say enough good about MasteryConnect.
      Pretty sure I couldn't teach without it."
    
- Olivia Oldham6th Grade Teacher, Riverton Elementary





Frequently Asked


Why different pricing for schools/districts and individual teachers?

        School and district purchases of MasteryConnect include special reporting features as well as multi-user management features.  With individual teacher purchases, pricing reflects the possible variation in numbers of students for a single teacher.  With BubbleScore-only plans, individual teacher pricing is not available and must be purchased at a school/district level with a minimum of one grade purchase.  MasteryConnect's Premium Suite includes the BubbleScore gradebook and assessment tools and can be purchased on an individual teacher basis.
        


Do you support the transition from my state core to the Common Core?

        Yes! MasteryConnect works with both your state’s core and the Common Core standards. Our pricing includes the Common Core Standards as well as your state standards for Math, ELA, Science, and Social Studies for Mastery Tracking and common assessment sharing. Free accounts have access to share and discover assessments around the Common Core and state standards we currently have available.  Premium accounts can share assessments around state and Common Core standards as well as take advantage of mastery tracking, time-saving assessment tools, and standards-based reporting.
        


What types of payment do you accept?

        With school and district purchases, we’re easy to work with! We accept checks and work with your accounting departments on purchase orders. For individual teachers paying with a credit card, we accept: Visa, MasteryCard, Discover, American Express, and PayPal. Pay-by-check is also accepted through PayPal.  Payments will show up on your credit card as "Masteryconnect Inc."
        


What is your return/cancellation policy for credit card payments?

        We provide teachers who pay for individual teacher plans with a personal credit card a 30-day, no-questions-asked, money back guarantee.
        


How can I use Title I funds to purchase MasteryConnect?

        Many schools and districts have used Title I funding to purchase MasteryConnect solutions and professional development. Click here to download a PDF providing more information on how MasteryConnect meets Title I guidelines.
        


Does MasteryConnect provide training and Professional Development?

        MasteryConnect provides a variety of professional development options in both webinar and on-site formats.  We also provide online video help and a step-by-step tutorial in both free and paid accounts. Videos are easy to follow and provide training on all features of both MasteryConnect and BubbleScore. If you are a school or district signing up, your MasteryConnect account representative can speak with you more about our included and additional professional development options.
        


What are the technical requirements?

        MasteryConnect and BubbleScore are web-based solutions in the cloud. All you need is an up-to-date web browser on a Mac or PC. For GradeCam bubblesheet scanning, a simple browser plugin needs to be installed (don’t worry, we'll walk you through it). For scoring from the iPad/iPod...well, you’ll need to get an iPad or iPod for your students and then download the FREE BubbleSheet app. The BubbleSheet app for iPod/iPad handles student responses for both MasteryConnect and BubbleScore and instantly updates the respective gradebooks in real-time.
        


Do you provide support for Elmo cameras?

        For GradeCam bubble sheet scanning, MasteryConnect does not officially provide support for Elmo document cameras.  We do, however, provide beta software that reportedly works with most Elmo cameras.  Many schools are using this beta software with no problems.  Because we don't officially support Elmo, our support team is unable to provide phone or email support around installation and troubleshooting of the beta software with your Elmo camera.  We do provide a help step card for the beta plugin to get you started.  The step card provides links to the download of the Elmo plugin installation file as well as instructions on how to get the plugin installed.  For GradeCam bubble sheet scanning, we recommend using a built-in web camera, USB web camera, or USB document camera with a minimum 5 megapixel capability.  We suggest testing the camera that you would like to use before purchase of MasteryConnect and before a bulk purchase of one type of document or web camera.
        


Additional questions?

        If you have any additional questions before signing up, we’d be happy to answer them! Check out our webinars page and register for an upcoming online demonstration. Or you can contact us through the web or call us at 801-736-0258. Our offices are located at 222 S. Main, Ste 200, Salt Lake City, UT 84101, USA
        









Join for Free

See why over 1.6 Million educators in all 50 states and D.C. have joined the community!























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy






MasteryConnect Privacy Policy
Summary of Key Points »
Contact Us »
What Information Do We Collect About You? »
Information we collect directly from you »
Information we collect automatically »
Information about you that we collect from schools »
Information about third parties you invite to use the  site, apps or services »
How We Use Your Information »
General Use »
Aggregated or anonymous data »
How we share your information »
Public Comments »
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms »
Teacher Profiles »
Payment Processing »
Third-Party Links »
Security of Your Personal Information »
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data »
Accessing and Deleting Your Personal Information »
Marketing Communications »
Disabling Cookies »
Applications »
Changes to This Privacy Policy »


COPPA Privacy Policy
Who Will Collect Information About Children? »
What Information Do We Collect About Children? »
How We Use Children’s Information »
How We Share Children’s Information »
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms »
Third-Party Links »
Your Rights to Review, Delete, and Control Our Use  of Children’s Personal Information »
Additional Choices Regarding Children’s Personal  Information »
Changes to this COPPA Policy »








MasteryConnect Privacy Policy
Version 1.0
Last Updated: December 31, 2015






      MasteryConnect, Inc. ("MasteryConnect") values your privacy. In this MasteryConnect Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our websites – www.masteryconnect.com or www.socrative.com (the "Sites"), users of our mobile applications (the "Apps"), and users of the services available through our Sites and Apps (collectively, the "Services").  It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update your personal information.  The Sites, Apps and Services are owned and operated by MasteryConnect, Inc., 222 South Main, Suite 200, Salt Lake City, UT 84101.
    

      By submitting Personal Data (as defined below) through our Sites, Apps or Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
    

      IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR TEACHER OF A CHILD UNDER THIRTEEN YEARS OLD, PLEASE CLICK HERE TO REVIEW OUR COPPA PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR PARENTS ABOUT HOW WE COLLECT, USE, AND DISCLOSE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEEN YEARS OLD.
    
Return to top


Summary of Key Points



We collect Personal Data from Teachers and Parents when a Teacher or Parent accesses and takes actions on our Sites, Apps or Services, such as when a Teacher or Parent creates an Account.  We also collect Personal Data from Teachers when a Teacher creates and posts content to his or her Profile and/or Newsfeed and interacts with other users, including with Students.
          



We collect Personal Data about Students that is provided to us by Teachers or Schools, such as their names, student assessment responses and other evidence of learning.  If a Teacher creates an Account on behalf of the Student, we collect limited Personal Data about the Student from the Teacher to establish the Account.
          



We use the Personal Data we collect to provide Teachers, Parents and Students with the Services.  For instance, we use Personal Data to enable Teachers to edit and manage their Accounts, Profiles and/or Newsfeeds, to enable Teachers to load and share content including Resource Pins and Educational Materials (both as defined below), and to enable Teachers to connect with their Students, Parents, and other Teachers.  We also use Personal Data to enable Teachers, Parents and Students to access and view assessment responses, evidence of learning, Resources Pins, Educational Materials, as well as all other features of the Services.
          



We share Teacher Personal Data with other Teachers through a Teacher’s Profile and/or Newsfeed, depending on the Newsfeed privacy settings.  We share Teacher Personal Data with Students and Parents but limited to only the Teacher’s name and School.
          



We share Student Personal Data only in limited ways.  We share Student Personal Data only with that Student’s Teacher(s) and Parent(s) and as expressly described in this Privacy Policy and our COPPA Privacy Policy.
          



We also share Personal Data of all users of the Sites, Apps, and Services with third parties but only for the express purpose of helping us to provide the Services.
          



We use cookies and other tracking and analytic technologies on our Sites and in our Services to track the use of our Sites and Services and to enhance the functionality of our Sites and Services.
          



We do not host third party advertisements on our Sites, Apps or Services. We do not provide Personal Data to third parties for their own marketing purposes.
          



            For more information about your choices regarding your Personal Data, including how to access or modify your Personal Data, please see the section title “Your Choices Regarding Your Data.”
          



Return to top


Contact Us

          If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at:
        


          MasteryConnect
          
          Attn: Legal
          
          222 South Main, Suite 200
          
          Salt Lake City, UT 84101
          
          (801) 736-0258
          
privacy@masteryconnect.com.
          


Return to top


What Information Do We Collect About You?
        We may collect Personal Data from end users affiliated with a particular school or other educational institution or organization (“School”) who are teachers or administrators (“Teachers”), students, which may include children under the age of 13 (“Students”), and parents or legal guardians of Students (“Parents”) as each uses our Sites, Apps and Services (any individual end user in one of these groups or all three collectively may be referred to as “you”).  “Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name or email address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data.  We may also collect Anonymous Data.  “Anonymous Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. To the extent that Anonymous Data is linked with your Personal Data, we will treat it as Personal Data.
      
      
        We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data that Teachers, Parents and Students provide to us directly.  We may also collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data automatically, through technologies used on the Sites, in the Apps and in the Services, as described below.
      

Return to top


Information we collect directly from you

Information we collect from Teachers and Parents: 




Certain areas and features of our Sites, Apps, and Services may require you to register for an account through which you can log in to access the Services (“Account”). If you register for an Account as a Teacher or Parent, we will collect your (1) email address and/or username and (2) a password.
We may collect and retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store and/or share using your Account.
If you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information.
If you choose to provide it, we may collect any feedback, testimonials or comments you may provide to us about your use of the Sites, Apps or Services.
If you contact us via email to provide comments, feedback, or to request support for the Services, we may collect other types of Personal Data, such as your operating system and version, as applicable, your IP address, and other requested information.
We may also collect Personal Data at other points in our Sites that state that Personal Data is being collected.

Information we collect only from Teachers:



We collect your first name and last name, email address, country, state in which you teach, zip code, school name, and school district to create your profile on the Sites, Apps and Services (“Profile”).  If you choose to provide it, we may also collect additional information for your Profile including, but not limited to, your photograph, job title, the grade that you teach, the subject(s) that you teach, and the address of the School where you teach.
If you choose to post messages or other content on the Sites, Apps or Services using your Account or Profile, such as through the newsfeed function on your Account (“Newsfeed”), the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and will be viewable by all other users unless you choose to make your Newsfeed private through the privacy settings on your Account.
If you choose to provide them, any learning assessments, links or references to external educational and learning resources (“Resource Pins”), curriculum maps, student scores or other academic or educational resources or materials (“Educational Materials”) that you choose to upload to your Account.
If you make a purchase on our Sites or Apps or through our Services, we will collect all information needed to complete the transaction, including but not limited to your e-mail address and password, credit card information, and name on your credit card.  For more information about payment processing, please see below.
If you choose to provide it, the name or other select Profile information to identify another Teacher whose Newsfeeds you wish to follow and about whom you wish to receive updates and other information on the Sites, Apps or Services (“Follow”).

Information we collect from Students:



We do not require Students to register for an Account to use the Sites, Apps or Service. To log on to the Services, each Student is prompted to enter either a unique and anonymous assessment ID, which will be provided to the Student by a Teacher, or a unique and anonymous student ID generated either by the School or by MasteryConnect.
If a Teacher chooses to register a Student for an Account, MasteryConnect will generate a user name and temporary password and provide directly to the Teacher who may then share with the Student.  The only information we collect directly from the Student is a permanent password for their Account.
We may collect a Student’s name, assessment information, and other information as directed by the Student’s Teacher or School. We limit the information we collect about Students to only that information necessary to provide the Service.  We do not use the Student’s Personal Data for our own commercial purposes.
We collect Student assessment responses and may archive evidence of learning.


Return to top



Information We Collect Automatically


We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our Sites, Apps, or Services through our servers and in log files: domain name; browser type and operating system; web pages viewed; links clicked; the length of time spent on our Sites or Apps; the length of time our Services are used; the referring URL, or the webpage that led a user to our Sites; language information; device name and model; operating system type, name, and version; and activities within our Sites and Apps. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Sites, track users’ movements around the Sites, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs.  We do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.
We may also collect IP address, device identifier or a similar unique identifier from users of our Apps and Sites; we only use such identifiers to support the internal operations of our Sites and Apps in the same manner as described above.
We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our Apps.  This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. Examples of information that may be collected and used include how you use the Apps and information about the type of device you use.   In addition, in the event our Apps crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Apps.  This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.


Return to top



Information About You That We Collect From Schools


If you are a Teacher or Parent, your Student’s School may provide us with your name and email address to facilitate your registration for the Services.
If you are a Teacher, your School may provide us with additional Personal Data to assist us in providing the Services to you and your Students.


Return to top


Information About Third Parties You Invite to Use the Sites, Apps or Services

        If you are a Teacher and you choose to invite another teacher or parent to use our Sites, Apps or the Services, we will ask you for that teacher’s or parent’s name and email address.  We will automatically send the teacher or parent an invitation email inviting him or her to visit the Sites and join the Services.  MasteryConnect stores this information for the sole purpose of sending these invitation emails and tracking the success of our referral program.  The teacher or parent you invite may contact us at privacy@masteryconnect.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
      

Return to top


Information We Receive from Third Parties 

        The Services allow you to access Facebook to obtain a profile photograph for your account.  Depending on whether you are already signed into Facebook or have an existing account with Facebook, you may be prompted to sign in or register with Facebook.  By proceeding, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are agreeing to the Facebook Terms of Use. Once you register on the Sites or Apps and connect with Facebook, you will be able to automatically select a photo from your profile on Facebook.
      

        In some cases, the Services may allow you to set up an Account and/or sign in using your Google Plus ID or your Clever ID.  If you choose to use this option, if available, we will receive information for the sole purpose of setting up your Account and/or enabling you to sign in to your existing Account.
      

Return to top



How We Use Your Information



General Use

        We use the information that we gather about you for the following purposes:
      


To provide you with our Services, as applicable to Teachers, Students and Parents;
To facilitate creation of your Account on our Sites or Apps;
To identify you as a user in our system;
To provide improved administration of our Sites, Apps and Services;
To send you a welcome email to verify ownership of the email address provided when your Account was created;
To send you administrative notifications via email;
To respond to inquiries that you send to us, including your customer service requests, and for other customer service purposes; and
To provide Students, Parents and Teachers with information and reports about Student performance and use of the Sites, Apps, and Services.


If you are a Teacher, we also use the information that we gather about you for the following additional purposes:


To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Sites, Apps, or Services;
To enable you to create and post content to your Profile through your Account, load and share Resource Pins and other Educational Materials, enable you to Follow other users and to enable you to post and share content on your Newsfeed; and
To send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions from MasteryConnect, or to otherwise contact you with information we think may be of interest related to MasteryConnect products and services. You are able to change your preferences under your Profile settings if you wish to opt out of these types of emails. We will not send marketing or promotional materials to Student users.


Return to top


Aggregated or Anonymous Data

        We may aggregate or anonymize data we collect to create Anonymous Data. Anonymous Data does not identify you individually. We may use this Anonymous Data for our own purposes, such as to better understand how users access and use our Sites, Apps, and Services in order to improve our Sites, Apps, and Services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.  We also may disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in order to meet these purposes.
      

Return to top


How We Share Your Information

        We do not sell your personal information. We will disclose the Personal Data that we collect from you only as described in this Privacy Policy.
      

        We may disclose Personal Data as follows:
        
Teacher Data.  If you are a Teacher, we will share the Educational Materials, Resource Pins and other information that you load through your Account with the other Teachers, Students and Parents that you have allowed to receive it.  We will share any information that you post on your Profile with other Teachers.  We will share any information that you post to your Newsfeed based on the privacy settings you have selected.
Student Data.  We will disclose Personal Data of Students: (1) to each Student’s individual Teacher(s) and their Parent(s); (2) as directed by the Student’s Teacher(s) or school; and (3) as further described in our COPPA Privacy Policy. The Student’s Teacher(s) may share the Student’s scores, academic progress data or other academic information (“Academic Data”) with other Teachers.
Third Party Service Providers. We may disclose Personal Data to third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf and/or at the request of a school or district customer in order to:  provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Sites and Apps; conduct quality assurance testing; facilitate creation of accounts; provide technical support; and/or provide other services to us.  These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by the Company. We will not disclose Personal Data to third parties for any purposes not described in this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the Personal Data we have collected to the other company. We will notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our Sites of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
In Response to Legal Process. We may disclose Personal Data in order to comply with applicable law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process.
To Protect Us and Others. We may disclose Personal Data where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which MasteryConnect is involved.
No Disclosure to Third Party Companies for Marketing.  As stated above, we will not disclose your Personal Data to any third party company for the third party company’s own direct marketing purposes.
Disclosure to Other Third Parties Only With Consent.  Beyond the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, MasteryConnect will not disclose your Personal Data to any other third party without your consent to do so.


Return to top


Public Comments

        If you make any comments to a Newsfeed, Educational Materials, Resource Pins or other items or forums associated with the Sites or Apps that are publicly viewable by the MasteryConnect community, you should be aware that any Personal Data you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.  We are not responsible for Personal Data that you choose to submit in these blogs and forums.
      

Return to top


Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms

Cookies.  We use cookies to track information about your use of our Sites, Apps, or Services. “Cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them).  Some Cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Sites and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities but only as those activities relate to your use of our Sites and Service.
      

Third-Party Analytics. We may also use third party analytics tools and technologies, such as Google Analytics, to track and analyze data from our Sites, Apps, or Services. Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Sites, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Sites. We use the data collected by such third party analytics tools only to help us administer and improve the quality of our Sites, Apps, and Services and to analyze usage. These third parties are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf, except to help us conduct and improve our business. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Sites, rather than your name or other personally identifying information.  Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Sites, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.  Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Sites is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.  For more information on Google’s privacy practices, please click here.  For information about how to opt out of Google Analytics, please click here.
      

How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals.   We do not currently respond to “do not track” signals from web browsers.
      

Return to top



Teacher Profiles


If you are a Teacher, the Personal Data you provide on your Profile, including your profile photo, is made public by default on the Sites, Apps and Services and is viewable by other Teachers.
By default, messages that you post to your Newsfeed, as well the names of users you are Following and users who are Following you, are public and viewable by other Teachers.  However, you have the option to make your Newsfeed private through the privacy settings on your Account.  If you choose to make your Newsfeed private, it will be viewable to only those users who are Following you.
Once displayed publicly, the information you post in your Profile and Newsfeed can be collected and used by others.  We cannot control who reads your Newsfeed, postings or what other users may do with the information that you voluntarily post, so it is very important that you exercise caution with respect to any Personal Data that you include in your posts.  Once you have posted information publicly, while you will still be able to edit and delete it on the Sites or App, you will not be able to edit or delete such information cached, collected, and stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines).


Return to top


Payment Processing

        For online payments we use the payment services of PayPal (https://www.paypal.com).  We do not process, record or maintain your credit card or bank account information.  For more information on how payments are handled, or to understand the data security and privacy afforded such information, please refer to https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/security/security-protections.
      

Return to top


Third-Party Links

        Our Sites, Apps, and Services may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites.
      

Return to top


Security of Your Personal Information

        We have implemented a variety of security measures to protect the personal information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We protect your login information and the transmission of data using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
      

        You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
      

Return to top


Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data

        You have several choices regarding our use of your information on our Services:
      





Accessing and Deleting Your Personal Information


You may edit or delete any of the non-required information from your Personal Data through the profile page in your Account on our Sites or Apps.
You may request deletion of your Personal Data or your entire Account by us by using the contact information provided above, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request.
Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Sites or Apps for a period of time.


Return to top


Marketing Communications

        We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to Teacher users about MasteryConnect services, products, or events. If you are a Teacher, you may opt out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you administrative e-mails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us.
      

Return to top


Disabling Cookies.

        Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Sites who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Sites, but some features may not be available to you.
      

Return to top


Applications

        You can stop all collection of information by the Apps by uninstalling the Apps.  You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
      

Return to top


Changes to This Privacy Policy

        This Privacy Policy is current as of the Last Updated Date set forth above. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our information processing practices. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you at the email address that we have on file for you in advance of the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
      

Return to top


COPPA Privacy Policy

        MasteryConnect, Inc. ("MasteryConnect") values the privacy of children and of all of its users. This COPPA Privacy Policy ("COPPA Policy") is designed to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") and contains important information about how we collect, use, and disclose the personal information we collect from children under thirteen years old who use our websites, www.masteryconnect.com or www.socrative.com (the "Sites"), our mobile applications (the "Apps"), and the services available through our Sites and Apps (collectively, the "Services"). This COPPA Policy also explains how a parent or guardian (“parent” or “you”) can restrict the collection, use and/or disclosure of your Child’s (as defined below) information and how you can request deletion of your Child’s information.

      

        The MasteryConnect Services are a classroom tool and resource that teacher end users (“Teachers”) can use as part of their classroom activities to identify levels of student understanding around their instruction on a real-time basis. To use the Services, Teachers may collect personal information from their students, including children who are under 13 years old (“Students”). For the purposes of this Policy, "Child" or "Children" means a Student under 13 years old.
      

        When a Teacher uses our Services in the classroom or an educational setting, such as to sign Students up for the Services, or to assign response activities to Students and track their progress, the Teacher is required to provide consent to the collection and use of personal information from and about Children as required under applicable laws, including but not limited to COPPA and Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”).  Teachers and the schools or other academic institutions with which the Teachers and the Teachers’ Students are affiliated (“Schools”) are also responsible for providing parents with notice about how personal information from their Child(ren) is collected and used by us.
      

        Children's personal information will be handled only as described in this COPPA Policy. Any personal information we collect about other users (e.g., Students over 13 years old, Teachers, and parents) will be treated in accordance with the MasteryConnect Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy").
      

Return to top


Who Will Collect Information About Children?

        MasteryConnect operates the Sites, Apps, and Services and will collect Children’s personal information as described in this COPPA Policy. We can be contacted at:
      

        MasteryConnect
        
        222 S. Main, Suite 200
        
        Salt Lake City, UT 84101
        
        (801) 736-0258
        
privacy@masteryconnect.com



Return to top


What Information Do We Collect About Children?

How Information is Collected. We may collect information about Children directly from Children and/or their Teachers, as well as automatically through a Child's use of our Sites, Apps, and/or Services. We will not require a Child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to use our Services. Further, as explained below, we will not collect a Child’s name, contact information, or other personal information directly unless a Teacher or School requests it. We provide Teachers and Schools with a notice regarding our privacy practices.
      

Information We Collect Directly. MasteryConnect does not require Children to submit name, contact information, or other personal information to us to register for our Sites, Apps or Services. To log on to the Services, Children are prompted to enter either a unique and anonymous assessment ID, which will be provided to the Student by a Teacher, and/or a unique and anonymous student ID generated either by the School or by MasteryConnect.
      

        We may collect a Child's name and other limited personal information directly from a Child's Teacher or School. Through our Services, Teachers can create assessments and track their Students’ learning progress. In doing so, Teachers may require the Child’s personal information in order to track and archive evidence of learning. Teachers are responsible for ensuring that their collection and use of personal information from Children complies with applicable laws, including COPPA and FERPA. If you are a parent and you have questions about your Child's Teacher's use of our Services and any information collected, you should discuss your questions with your child's Teacher or School.
      

        A Teacher has the option of creating an account on behalf of their Students which allows those Students to view their learning progress and access learning resources provided by their Teacher. If a Teacher chooses to register a Child for an account, MasteryConnect will generate a user name and temporary password and provide directly to the Teacher who may then share with the Child.  The only information we collect directly from the Child is a permanent password for their account.
      

        We collect information about Children's performance and activities on our Sites, Apps, and Services, including the assessments taken, questions answered, and other evidence of learning. This information is made available to Teachers in personally identifiable form; we do not use this information in personally identifiable form for our own commercial purposes. If we analyze or use any activity data for our own commercial purposes, we will de-identify and/or aggregate such information.
      

        Parents can tell us to stop collecting personal information from their Child(ren); however, in such cases the Child(ren) will not be able to use our Services, as they are intended to be controlled by a Teacher. If you direct us to stop collecting and using your Child's personal information, we must disable his or her use of our Services to ensure that no information is collected via the Teacher's use of MasteryConnect as a classroom tool.
      

Information We Collect Automatically.  We may automatically collect the following information about a Child’s use of our Sites, Apps, or Services through our servers and in log files: domain name; browser type and operating system; web pages viewed; links clicked; the length of time spent on our Sites or Apps; the length of time our Services are used; the referring URL, or the webpage that led a user to our Site; language information; device name and model; operating system type, name, and version; and activities within our Sites and Apps. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Sites, track users’ movements around the Sites, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs.  Except as noted in this COPPA Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to a Child’s personal information.
      

        We may also collect IP address, device identifier or a similar unique identifier from users of our Apps and Sites; we only use such identifiers to support the internal operations of our Sites and Apps in the same manner as described above.
      

        We may also collect information from any mobile devices that a Child uses if the Child has downloaded one or more of our Apps to the device.  This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to the Child. Examples of information that may be collected and used include how the Child uses the App(s) and information about the type of device the Child is using.   In addition, in the event our App(s) crash on a mobile device, we will receive information about the mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our App(s).  This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.
      

Return to top


How We Use Children’s Information

        We use the personal information that we collect from Children for the following general purposes:
      


To provide our Services;
To respond to customer service and technical support issues and requests; 
To identify the Child as a user in our system;
To provide improved administration of our Site, App and Services; and
To tailor the content and information that we may display to Children, to offer personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize a Child’s experiences while using the Sites, Apps, or Services.


As Requested by Teachers. When a Teacher or School provides a Child’s name and other personal information, we use that personal information for the following additional purposes:
        
To provide Children and Teachers with information and reports about a Child’s performance and use of the Sites, Apps, and Services;
If requested, to facilitate creation of a Child’s account;
We do not use or disclose this personal information for our own commercial purposes.


Unique Identifiers. As noted, with the exception of unique identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers), our Sites, Apps, and Services will not collect personal information from Children. We only collect and use unique identifiers as necessary to operate our Sites, Apps, and Services, including to maintain or analyze their functioning; perform network communications; authenticate users or personalize content; and protect the security or integrity of users and our Site, App, and Services. We never use unique identifiers to track users across third party apps or websites.
      

Aggregate or De-identified Information. We may use aggregate or de-identified information about Children for research, analysis, and similar purposes. When we do so, we strip out names, email, contact information, and other personal identifiers. For example, we may use aggregate or de-identified information for one or more of the following purposes, among other purposes:
      


To better understand how users access and use our Sites, Apps, and Services;
To improve our Sites, Apps, and Services and respond to user desires and preferences; and
For other research and analytical purposes.


Return to top


How We Share Children’s Information

        We do not sell Children's personal information, and a Child may not make his or her personal information public through our services (though Teachers may choose to share a Child’s information and responses with the Child’s classmates or with other Teachers). We will disclose the personal information that we collect from Children only as described in this COPPA Policy.  We may disclose Children’s personal information as follows:
      



Parents, Teachers and Classmates.  We will disclose Children’s personal information: (1) to each Child’s individual Teacher(s) and parent(s); and (2) as directed by the Child’s Teacher(s) or School. The Child’s Teacher(s) may share the Child’s scores, academic progress data or other academic information (“Academic Data”) with other Children in the Child’s class or school and with other Teachers.  Parents may request information about the information we have collected from their Child(ren) by contacting us at privacy@masteryconnect.com.
          

Third Party Service Providers. We may disclose a Child’s personal information to third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf and/or at the request of a school or district customer in order to:  provide the Child and the Child’s Teacher with the Services that we offer through our Sites and Apps; conduct quality assurance testing; facilitate creation of accounts; provide technical support; and/or provide other services to us.  These third party service providers are required not to use personal information other than to provide the services requested by Company.  We will not disclose Personal Data to third parties for any purposes not described in this COPPA Policy.
          

Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the personal information we have collected from Children to the other company. We will notify all users via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of the personal information we have collected, as well as any choices users may have regarding their personal information.
          

In Response to Legal Process. We may disclose personal information that we have collected from Children in order to comply with applicable law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process.
          

To Protect Us and Others. We may disclose personal information that we have collected from Children where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service, our MasteryConnect Privacy Policy or this COPPA Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which MasteryConnect is involved.
          

No Disclosure to Third Party Companies for Marketing.  As stated above, we will not disclose personal information that we have collected from Children to any third party company for the third party company’s own direct marketing purposes.
          

Disclosure to Other Third Parties Only With Consent.  Beyond the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, MasteryConnect will not disclose your Personal Data to any other third party without a Teacher or School’s consent to do so.
          


Return to top


Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms

Cookies.  We use cookies to track information about a Child’s use of our Sites, Apps, or Services. “Cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to a computer’s hard drive through a web browser for record-keeping purposes. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once a user closes a web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on a computer until a user deletes them).  Some Cookies allow us to make it easier for a Child to navigate our Site and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track a Child’s activities, but only as those activities relate to a Child’s use of our Sites and Service.
      

Third-Party Analytics. We may also use third party analytics tools and technologies, such as Google Analytics, to track and analyze data from our Sites, Apps, or Services. Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Sites, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Sites. We use the data collected by such third party analytics tools only to help us administer and improve the quality of our Sites, Apps, and Services and to analyze Sites and Apps usage. These third parties are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf, except to help us conduct and improve our business. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to a user on the date the user visits the Sites, rather than a user’s name or other personally identifying information.  Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on a user’s web browser to identify the user as a unique user the next time the user visits the Sites, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.  Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about a user’s visits to the Sites is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.  For more information on Google’s privacy practices, please click here.  For information about how to opt out of Google Analytics, please click here.
      

Return to top


Third-Party Links

        Teachers may provide Children with links to third-party educational and learning resources located on third party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this COPPA Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites.
      

Return to top


Your Rights to Review, Delete, and Control Our Use  of Children’s Personal Information

        Parents and Teachers have a right to review the information we have collected about their Child(ren) and Students, respectively, and to delete it, and to tell us to stop using it. To exercise these rights, you may contact us at privacy@masteryconnect.com. You will be required to authenticate yourself as the Child's parent or Teacher to receive information about that Child. Please note that we cannot delete copies of information that a Child's Teacher has already collected and/or copied, and copies of information that you have deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Sites or Apps for a period of time.
      

Return to top


Additional Choices Regarding Children’s Personal  Information

Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Sites who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not be available to you.
      

Applications.  You can stop all collection of information by the App(s) by uninstalling the App(s).  You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
      

Return to top


Changes to this COPPA Policy

        This COPPA Policy is current as of the Last Updated date set forth above. We may change this COPPA Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. If we make any changes to this COPPA Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from a Child, we will provide you with notice in advance of such change becoming effective by emailing you at the address we have on file for you and by highlighting the change on our Site.
      

Return to top


 



Pricing | MasteryConnect






















































Start Tracking Mastery!
See why over 1 million educators in more than 85% of school districts in all 50 states & D.C. have joined the MasteryConnect community! 







List of Features

Free
for verified teachers / admins
Choose


Teacher Pro
$249 / year (pay by credit card)
Choose


School / District
Call for Pricing
Choose





Mastery Tracker
 
 
 


Common Assessment Sharing
 
 
 


Learning Community
 
 
 


Standards for Every State, Subject & Class
 
 
 


Teacher App (MasteryConnect Mobile Apps)
 
 
 


Resource Pins
 
 
 


Teacher-Created Assessments & Reports
 
 
 


Team Data Collaboration Tools
 
 
 


Grading Tools (GradeCam, Tablet/Mobile, Browser)
Up to 10 questions
Up to 100 questions
Up to 100 questions


Socrative Instant Response
 
 
 


Export to Gradebook
 
 
 


3-Point Proficiency Scale Support
 
 
 


Student Report/Parent Communication
 
 
 


Custom Standard Authoring
 
 
 


Teacher/Student Mobile Apps
 
 
 


Student Information System Integration
 
 
 


Single Sign-On
 
 
 


LTI Integration with LMS
 
 
 


World-Class Support
 
 
 


Online Professional Development
$
$
$


Third-Party Item Banks
$
$
Click here to learn more


Benchmark/Interim Assessment & Reporting
 
 
 


Curriculum Maps
 
 
 


Student Portal
 
 
 


Parent Portal
 
 
 


Student Playlists
 
 
 


API Access
 
 
 


District Item Authoring (includes TEIs)
 
 
 


Custom Reporting
 
 
 


Growth Reporting
 
 
 


Standards-Based Progress Reports
 
 
 


Proficiency Calculations
 
 
 


4-Point Proficiency Scale Support
 
 
 


Bulk Benchmark Data Exporting
 
 
 


On-site Professional Development
 
 
Click here to learn more




      Minimum $2,100 + Professional Development for School/District purchases
      $ = Request Pricing
    





      "I really can't say enough good about MasteryConnect.
      Pretty sure I couldn't teach without it."
    
- Olivia Oldham6th Grade Teacher, Riverton Elementary





Frequently Asked


Why different pricing for schools/districts and individual teachers?

        School and district purchases of MasteryConnect include special reporting features as well as multi-user management features.  With individual teacher purchases, pricing reflects the possible variation in numbers of students for a single teacher.  With BubbleScore-only plans, individual teacher pricing is not available and must be purchased at a school/district level with a minimum of one grade purchase.  MasteryConnect's Premium Suite includes the BubbleScore gradebook and assessment tools and can be purchased on an individual teacher basis.
        


Do you support the transition from my state core to the Common Core?

        Yes! MasteryConnect works with both your state’s core and the Common Core standards. Our pricing includes the Common Core Standards as well as your state standards for Math, ELA, Science, and Social Studies for Mastery Tracking and common assessment sharing. Free accounts have access to share and discover assessments around the Common Core and state standards we currently have available.  Premium accounts can share assessments around state and Common Core standards as well as take advantage of mastery tracking, time-saving assessment tools, and standards-based reporting.
        


What types of payment do you accept?

        With school and district purchases, we’re easy to work with! We accept checks and work with your accounting departments on purchase orders. For individual teachers paying with a credit card, we accept: Visa, MasteryCard, Discover, American Express, and PayPal. Pay-by-check is also accepted through PayPal.  Payments will show up on your credit card as "Masteryconnect Inc."
        


What is your return/cancellation policy for credit card payments?

        We provide teachers who pay for individual teacher plans with a personal credit card a 30-day, no-questions-asked, money back guarantee.
        


How can I use Title I funds to purchase MasteryConnect?

        Many schools and districts have used Title I funding to purchase MasteryConnect solutions and professional development. Click here to download a PDF providing more information on how MasteryConnect meets Title I guidelines.
        


Does MasteryConnect provide training and Professional Development?

        MasteryConnect provides a variety of professional development options in both webinar and on-site formats.  We also provide online video help and a step-by-step tutorial in both free and paid accounts. Videos are easy to follow and provide training on all features of both MasteryConnect and BubbleScore. If you are a school or district signing up, your MasteryConnect account representative can speak with you more about our included and additional professional development options.
        


What are the technical requirements?

        MasteryConnect and BubbleScore are web-based solutions in the cloud. All you need is an up-to-date web browser on a Mac or PC. For GradeCam bubblesheet scanning, a simple browser plugin needs to be installed (don’t worry, we'll walk you through it). For scoring from the iPad/iPod...well, you’ll need to get an iPad or iPod for your students and then download the FREE BubbleSheet app. The BubbleSheet app for iPod/iPad handles student responses for both MasteryConnect and BubbleScore and instantly updates the respective gradebooks in real-time.
        


Do you provide support for Elmo cameras?

        For GradeCam bubble sheet scanning, MasteryConnect does not officially provide support for Elmo document cameras.  We do, however, provide beta software that reportedly works with most Elmo cameras.  Many schools are using this beta software with no problems.  Because we don't officially support Elmo, our support team is unable to provide phone or email support around installation and troubleshooting of the beta software with your Elmo camera.  We do provide a help step card for the beta plugin to get you started.  The step card provides links to the download of the Elmo plugin installation file as well as instructions on how to get the plugin installed.  For GradeCam bubble sheet scanning, we recommend using a built-in web camera, USB web camera, or USB document camera with a minimum 5 megapixel capability.  We suggest testing the camera that you would like to use before purchase of MasteryConnect and before a bulk purchase of one type of document or web camera.
        


Additional questions?

        If you have any additional questions before signing up, we’d be happy to answer them! Check out our webinars page and register for an upcoming online demonstration. Or you can contact us through the web or call us at 801-736-0258. Our offices are located at 175 West 200 South, Ste 1000, Salt Lake City, UT 84101, USA
        









Join for Free

See why over 2.5 Million educators in all 50 states and 170 countries have joined the community!


























MasteryConnect Competitors and Products in the Teaching & Learning Tech Buyer's Guide   Teaching & Learning Tech Buyer's GuideMasteryConnectMasteryConnect Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 09350 S 150 East, Suite 575Sandy, UT 84070Competitors of MasteryConnectOrgSyncWith OrgSync, campus administrators can easily connect students to programs and offices while supplying organizations with tools for personal and professional development. Whether a student is joining a student organization during orientation or applying to be an RA during their final year,... write a reviewRenaissance Learning Inc. write a reviewFocused FitnessA leading developer of software and curricula for quality Physical Education and Physical Activity programs, as well for tracking, analysis, and reporting of student health-related data. write a review×Rate and Review MasteryConnect     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of MasteryConnect. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of MasteryConnect.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review OrgSync     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of OrgSync. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of OrgSync.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Renaissance Learning Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Renaissance Learning Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Renaissance Learning Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Focused Fitness     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Focused Fitness. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Focused Fitness.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Teaching & Learning Tech Buyer's Guide. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Teaching & Learning Tech Buyer's Guide. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Plus Size Clothing for Women - Macy's




















































  







       Free pick up in store & get extra 20% off! Find Out More   Free Shipping with $49 purchase + free returns U.S. only.  Exclusions                                          SHOP BY DEPARTMENT           WOMEN     MEN     HOME     BED & BATH     SHOES     HANDBAGS     BEAUTY     KIDS     JUNIORS     JEWELRY     WATCHES     ACTIVE     BRANDS         Women's Clothing   Activewear   Basic Clothing   Blazers   Capris   Coats   Dresses   Jackets   Jeans   Jumpsuits & Rompers   Leggings   Lingerie & Shapewear   Maternity   Pajamas & Robes   Pants   Shorts   Skirts   Suits & Suit Separates   Sweaters   Swimwear   Tights, Socks, & Hosiery   Tops   Wear to Work       Plus Sizes   Dresses   Pants & Capris   Swimwear   Tops   Trendy Plus Size   All Plus Sizes     Petites   Cardigans   Dresses   Jeans   Pants & Capris   Tops   All Petites     New & Now   Avec Les Filles   Bare Shoulder   Graphic Tees & Sweatshirts   New Arrivals   Soft Pant   Trend Shop       Women's Brands   Adrianna Papell   Alfani   Calvin Klein   Charter Club   INC International Concepts   Lauren Ralph Lauren   MICHAEL Michael Kors   Nike   Style & Co   The Fur Vault   The North Face   Tommy Hilfiger   Under Armour   Vince Camuto   See All Brands     Featured Shops   Cashmere Shop   Dress Edit   Must Haves   Petite Fit Guide   Plus Must Haves & Fit Guide   Sports Fan Shop By Lids   Swim Finder   The Wedding Shop       Contemporary Brands   Bar III   Free People   Levi's   Lucky Brand   RACHEL Rachel Roy   All Contemporary Clothing     Designer Brands   Eileen Fisher   Polo Ralph Lauren   All Designer Clothing     Shoes, Handbags, & More   Beauty   Handbags   Belts, Hats & Scarves   Jewelry & Watches   Shoes   Sunglasses   Tech Shop     40-70% off Clearance                                                              RTP header-xapi 07/26/2017 09:51:07 EDT 17L  Wed Jun 14 18:39:25 UTC 2017 0.11.1 




Popular Searches
Bathing Suits Calvin Klein Calvin Klein Dresses Lauren Ralph Lauren Women's Michael Kors Nike Women's Tommy Hilfiger Women's Tops - Plus Size Women's Dresses Women's Tops



Plus Size ClothingLooking for an amazing selection of plus size clothes for women? There are so many styles, colors and brands waiting for you to discover. Shop stylish options for all occasions and find many pieces available in fun, vibrant colors such as sizzling confident red, warm blush pink, and soft, feminine purple.
For casual day-to-day outfits, find cute and comfortable tops along with figure flattering plus size jeans. A pair of slim rocker boot-cut blue jeans from Seven7 pairs matches well with a blouse, tee-shirt, sweater or jacket. For plus size clothing for women with dramatic contrast and just as much comfort, slip into some straight leg black wash jeans from Not Your Daughter's Jeans. And go feminine chick with a long sleeve shawl in luxurious cashmere. Get great tops for any season from tank tops to sweaters.
Polish your work wardrobe with sharp and sophisticated plus size pant suits and skirt suits. Mix and match suit separates from Anne Klein blazers with bottoms of our choice. Look for slimming pinstripe trousers or office appropriate pencil skirts in extended sizes. Tahari offers lovely textured jackets and Kasper Suits features beautiful prints.
Find a wonderful selection of dressy plus size clothes for women. Start a special evening out by slipping into dazzling formalwear or add some eye catching contrast with a one-shouldered a-line dress from International Concepts. Ruby Rox carries plus size dresses for attending an evening event or a wedding. For more casual occasions and day-to-day wear, look for dresses that can be worn to work or to a dinner date.
From suit jackets to halter tops and evening gowns to jeans, you'll find fashionable plus size clothing for women you're looking for at macys.com. Shop at Macy’s for the latest trends in regular and extended sizes.












To ensure you're getting the best shopping experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser preferences.








Plus Sizes



40-70% off clearance


plus size clothing


Activewear


Coats


Dresses


Graphic Tees


Jackets & Blazers


Jeans


Jumpsuits & Rompers


Leggings


Lingerie & Shapewear


Maternity


Pajamas & Robes


Pants & Capris


Shorts


Skirts


Suits & Suit Separates


Sweaters


Swimwear


Tops


Trendy Plus Sizes


Vests


Wear to Work




petite plus size


All Petite Plus Size





plus size brands



Alfani



Alfani



Anne Klein



Anne Klein



Calvin Klein



Calvin Klein



Charter Club



Charter Club



City Chic



City Chic



INC International Concepts



INC International Concepts



Lauren Ralph Lauren



Lauren Ralph Lauren



MICHAEL Michael Kors



MICHAEL Michael Kors



Style & Co



Style & Co



Tommy Hilfiger



Tommy Hilfiger




Rachel Rachel Roy Curvy Collection




American Rag




Jessica Simpson




JM Collection




Karen Scott




Melissa McCarthy Seven7




Silver Jeans




Celebrity Pink Plus




Jones New York




Levi's




Lucky Brand Jeans




Tahari ASL




Ideology




Material Girl




SLINK Jeans




mblm by Tess Holliday



See All Brands




featured shops


#macyslove Photo Gallery


Back To School


Denim Destination


Dress Edit


How to Wear it


Must Haves & Fit Guide


The Wedding Shop




shoes & accessories


Handbags & Accessories


Hats, Scarves & Wraps


Hosiery


Shoes


Sunglasses




plus size sale & clearance






 







10



























 
























Shop our Super Weekend Sale










25-40% Off Select Tops







25-40% off Select Shorts & Capris







25-40% off Select Active







50% Off Select Swimwear






















Tops














Dresses























Pants & Capris














Cardigans























Swim














Shorts























Jeans














Jackets & Blazers


































































































 





































 













Overview







Read all reviews








or call 1 800 BUY MACY (289 6229)


See Full Product Details



Qty:



















32147
Plus Sizes
QUICKVIEW

 


































 







  MCOM footer-xapi 07/26/2017 10:23:23 EDT 17L  Wed Jun 14 18:39:25 UTC 2017 0.11.1 
















































RTP
catalog -
catSplash
Page Layout - Canvas
macys-navapp_replica_prod_cellB_ma100mlvnav020_m01
MA100MLVNAV020
07/26/2017 11:37:53 EDT
17L
 Sat Jul 8 01:05:37 UTC 2017
2.81.39


