


















Edward J. Mathias | The Carlyle Group














        Skip to main navigation
      










Search

























 


Team









 










 










Edward J. Mathias

Location
Washington, DC



Edward J. Mathias is a Managing Director of The Carlyle Group and a member of The Firm's Board of Directors.
Prior to joining Carlyle in January 1994, Mr. Mathias was a long-time member of the Management Committee and Board of Directors at T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., a major investment management organization. He was instrumental in the founding of The Carlyle Group and assisted in raising the firm's initial capital. Mr. Mathias serves as an advisor to senior management and is a member of the Investment Committees for Carlyle Growth, Asia Growth, European Technology, and Sub-Saharan Africa Funds. Additionally, he is actively involved with Carlyle's broad-based investment strategy and serves in an advisory role for the firm's Global Credit Funds. 
Mr. Mathias holds an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School and an undergraduate degree from the University of Pennsylvania where he currently serves as a Trustee Emeritus. He is a member of the President’s Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa, The Council on Foreign Relations, and The Trustees' Council at The National Gallery of Art. 





























Edward J. Mathias: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 12:21 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of The Carlyle Group LP



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Edward J. Mathias  Managing Director and Director of Carlyle Group Management LLC, The Carlyle Group LPAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 30 Board Members in 30 different organizations across 23 different industries.See Board Relationships76--
Background

		Mr. Edward J. Mathias, also known as Ed, is a Managing Director and Director of Carlyle Group Management LLC, the General Partner of The Carlyle Group LP since May 2, 2012. He is also the Managing Director of The Carlyle Group LP and serves as the Member of Board of Directors at the firm. Mr. Mathias joined The Carlyle Group in January 1994 and focuses primarily on technology and venture capital activities. Mr. Mathias was instrumental in the founding of The Carlyle ... Group and assisted in raising its initial capital and serves as an Advisor to senior management. Additionally, he is actively involved with Carlyle's broad-based investment strategy. He serves as a Partner and Principal of Ovation TV, Inc. He is an Investment Partner at Alfred Street Partners, LLC. He serves as an Executive Advisor at the Chief Leadership Institute and as an Investment Advisor at Fairfax Partners, LLC. He is an Advisor of Blackstreet Capital Management, LLC. He served as an Advisor of LearnVest, Inc. He served in the United States Navy Supply Corps and as a White House Military Social Aide to President Mr. Lyndon Johnson. He served as an Executive of CrossHill Financial Group, Inc. Mr. Mathias served as a Senior Advisor at Maveron LLC. Prior to this, he served as a Managing Director at T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. from 1971 to 1993. He served as a Board Member at T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. from 1971 to 1993. He Co-Founded New Enterprise Associates. Mr. Mathias was a Special Limited Partner in Trident Capital, Inc. He serves on numerous corporate Boards including Ovation-The Arts Network and Aether Systems, Inc. He serves as a Director of Ovation TV, Inc., Touchtunes Corporation and Performance Acquisition Corp. He has been a Director of Endeavor Acquisition Corp. since July 2005, Endeavour International Acquisition Corp. since November 23, 2007, Grand Slam Acquisition Corp. since October 24, 2007 and Victory Acquisition Corp. since January 12, 2007. Mr. Mathias serves as a Director of Triple Crown Acquisition Corp and Fullbridge, Inc. Mr. Mathias serves as a Member of Executive Advisory Board at Fairfax Partners, LLC. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board at Gold Bullion International LLC and XL Education Corp. He serves as a Member of the Executive Advisory Board at Calder Capital Partners. He has been a Member of Advisory Board of Odgers Berndtson since September 9, 2014. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board of Diligence, Inc, (Diligence London), The Endeavor Group, Inc., Zeta Interactive Corporation, Caivis Acquisition Corporation, Strategas Research Partners, LLC, Thomas Engine Company, LLC, Business Talent Group, LLC, Vivre, Inc., XL Marketing Corp., Avondale Partners, LLC, SkyBridge Capital, LLC, SkyBridge Capital II, LLC and Valhalla Partners. He has been Member of Advisory Board at IRG Advisors LLP since September 2014. He has been a Director of Carlyle Group Management LLC since May 2, 2012. Mr. Mathias serves as a Director of Brown Advisory. He serves as the Chairman of the Board of Visitors at American University's Kogod School of Business Administration. He serves as a Co-Chairman at the President's Circle at the National Gallery of Art. In addition, Mr. Mathias serves on the Board of Overseers at the University of Pennsylvania's School of Arts and Sciences. He serves on the Board of The Mid-Atlantic Venture Association. Mr. Mathias is a Trustee of Harvard Business School and Trustee Emeritus at the University of Pennsylvania. He served as the Chairman of T. Rowe Price New Horizons Fund, Inc. He is a Member of the President's Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa, The Council on Foreign Relations and The Trustees' Council at The National Gallery of Art. He served as a Director of Woods Cross Holding Corp (US Office Products Company) since February 1995, NexCen Brands, Inc., since June 28, 2002, Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. since July 8, 2007, PathoGenesis Corporation, The Fortress Group, Inc., and FINOVA Mezzanine Capital. He served as a Director of Allied Capital Corporation, since December 12, 2008 and Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. from October 2009 to February 24, 2011. He served on the Board of USA Floral Products, Incsince July 1997 and served as a Member of Advisory Board of Seven Hills Partners LLC. Mr. Mathias is also active with numerous other private equity limited partnerships and private companies and is a frequent investor in early stage, private companies and also serves as an Advisor and investor. Mr. Mathias holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Pennsylvania.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1001 Pennsylvania Avenue, NWWashington, District Of Columbia 20004United StatesPhone: 202-729-5626Fax: 202-347-1818
Board Members Memberships
DirectorThe Mid-Atlantic Venture AssociationPrincipal and DirectorOvation TV, Inc.DirectorPerformance Acquisition Corp.DirectorTouchTunes CorporationDirectorFullbridge, Inc.2007-PresentIndependent DirectorVictory Acquisition Corp.2007-PresentDirectorGrand Slam Acquisition Corp.2007-PresentDirectorEndeavour International Acquisition Corp.2012-PresentManaging Director and Director of Carlyle Group Management LLCThe Carlyle Group LP
Education
MBA Harvard Business SchoolBA University of Pennsylvania
Other Affiliations
Fairfax Partners, LLCGolub Capital LLCMaveron LLCNew Enterprise AssociatesFINOVA Mezzanine CapitalTrident Capital, Inc.Woods Cross Holding Corp.Valhalla PartnersNexCen Brands, Inc.Odgers Berndtson GroupCrossHill Financial Group, Inc.PathoGenesis CorporationThe Fortress Group, Inc.USA Floral Products, Inc.Allied Capital CorporationVivre, Inc.Harvard Business SchoolAvondale Partners, LLCCalder Capital PartnersCarlyle Europe Venture Partners, L.P.New Enterprise Associates IV, L.P.Carlyle Venture Partners II, L.P.Carlyle Asia Venture Partners II, L.P.New Enterprise Associates I, L.P.New Enterprise Associates II, L.P.New Enterprise Associates III, L.P.New Enterprise Associates V, L.P.University of PennsylvaniaBlackstreet Capital Management, LLCSeven Hills Partners LLCThe Chief Executive Leadership InstituteZeta Interactive Corp.T. Rowe Price New Horizons Fund, Inc.Diligence LondonCarlyle Mexico Partners, L.P.Alfred Street Partners, LLCThe Mid-Atlantic Venture AssociationT. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.Ovation TV, Inc.Carlyle Europe Technology Partners, L.P.Endeavor Acquisition Corp.SkyBridge Capital II, LLCCarlyle Venture Partners III, L.P.Victory Acquisition Corp.Calder Private Equity Partners I, L.P.CapGen Capital AdvisorsTriplecrown Acquisition Corp.Strategas Research Partners, LLCGrand Slam Acquisition Corp.Performance Acquisition Corp.Endeavour International Acquisition Corp.Carlyle MENA Partners, L.P.Carlyle Asia Growth Partners IV, L.P.Business Talent Group LLCTouchTunes CorporationThe Endeavor Group, Inc.LearnVest, Inc.Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.Thomas Engine Company, LLCGold Bullion International LLCFullbridge, Inc.Carlyle Sub-Saharan Africa FundCAIVIS Acquisition Corp.XL Education Corp.Carlyle Europe Technology Partners III, L.P.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationLeon D. Black Founding Partner, Chairman & CEOApollo Global Management, LLC$100.0KSean Michael Healey J.D.Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerAffiliated Managers Group, Inc.$750.0KJoseph A. Sullivan Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & PresidentLegg Mason, Inc.$3.8MThomas E. Faust Jr., CFAChief Executive Officer, President, Chairman, and DirectorEaton Vance Corp.$520.0KJay Steven Wintrob Chief Executive Officer and DirectorOaktree Capital Group, LLC--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Carlyle Group LP, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























   Edward Mathias | The Carlyle Group | ZoomInfo.com


Edward J Mathias - Fontana, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Edward J Mathias in Fontana, CA


Edward J Mathias

                                                                           Intelius found that Edward J Mathias  is  a male between 60 and 60 years old from Fontana, CA.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Ed  Mathias


Get Report Now

Age

Edward J Mathias is in his 60s

Edward Has Lived In

Fontana, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Temple City, CA

Edward's Relatives

Maria Mathias
Victoria Mathias
Donna Mathias
Nicole Mathias







Edward J Mathias



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Quadrangle See President - Full List at Crowdfunder



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Edward? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Edward, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Edward J Mathias
Get a Criminal Check on Edward J Mathias
Get a Public Record Report on Edward J Mathias
Get a People Search Report on Edward J Mathias


Edward J Mathias's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Edward J Mathias has lived as well as Edward J Mathias's phone numbers and email addresses.




Edward J Mathias Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Edward J Mathias


17327 F******* R* 

Fontana, CA


Has Lived In

Fontana, CA
Los Angeles, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Edward J Mathias

(909) ***-**** - Fontana, CA 
(909) ***-**** - Fontana, CA 
(909) ***-**** - Fontana, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Edward J Mathias

e*******s@***.com


Get Email Report




Edward J Mathias's Professional Information
Information regarding Edward J Mathias's professional history.  Find out previous places Edward J Mathias has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Edward J Mathias Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Crowdfunder
               Title: Quadrangle See President - Full List
Edward J Mathias's Experience
Title: Quadrangle See President - Full List
               Company: Crowdfunder
Job Details
               Crowdfunder is the equity crowdfunding leader for sourcing and funding high-growth ventures with a network of over 130,000 entrepreneurs and investors. Crowdfunder and its VC Index Fund provide the opportunity for direct online investment into single ventures, as well as diversification into a broad VC-led portfolio of early-stage startups backed by many of the world's leading venture capital firms and private investors. Get free access to private early-stage VC-backed startups on Crowdfunder.com.
Additional Professional Information on Edward J Mathias

 See Edward J Mathias's LinkedIn Profile



Edward J Mathias's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Edward J Mathias


Edward J Mathias's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Edward J Mathias's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Edward Mathias
Username Matches

                  EdwardMathias
                  MathiasEdward
                  Edward.Mathias
                  Mathias.Edward
                  Edward_Mathias
                  Mathias_Edward
                  Edward-Mathias
                  Mathias-Edward
                  EMathias
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Mathias







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Edward J. Mathias - The Alberleen Group













































				Home
			



				Who We Are
			



				What We Do
			





			Family Office
		





			Impact Investing
		





			Investment Banking
		







				Our Board
			



				News / Events
			



				Contact
			











	Our Board










Edward J. Mathias

Edward J. Math­ias is a Man­ag­ing Direc­tor and Part­ner of The Car­lyle Group, a global pri­vate equity firm. Mr. Math­ias also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of The Carlyle Group as well as a mem­ber of the firm’s Growth Fund Invest­ment Com­mit­tees. Mr. Mathias was instru­men­tal in the found­ing of The Car­lyle Group and assisted in rais­ing the firm’s ini­tial cap­i­tal. Prior to join­ing Car­lyle in 1994, Mr. Math­ias was a mem­ber of the Man­age­ment Com­mit­tee and Board of Direc­tors of T. Rowe Price Asso­ciates, Inc., a major invest­ment man­age­ment orga­ni­za­tion. Mr. Mathias is a member of the USAID Private Capital Group for Africa (PCGA) Partners Forum, the President’s Advisory Council for Doing Business in Africa, and the Boards of Directors of Brown Advisory and Ambulnz. Mr. Mathias is a member of the Advisory Boards of Alberleen Group, Avondale Partners, LCatterton, Gold Bullion International, Skybridge Capital, Strategas, Trident Capital, and Ultra Capital.Mr. Math­ias holds an M.B.A. from the Har­vard Busi­ness School and an under­grad­u­ate degree from the Uni­ver­sity of Penn­syl­va­nia, where he presently serves as Trustee Emeritus of the Invest­ment Committee


Go Back


















HomeWho We AreOur Board
 
Investment BankingFamily OfficeImpact Investing
 
Contact UsNews / EventsTerms of Use
 






 



 






 






 




© COPYRIGHT 2017. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 




None of the information contained in this web site constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by Alberleen or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments of any person or provide any investment advice or service.  All securities are offered exclusively through Cuttone & Co., LLC, a broker-dealer member of FINRA and SIPC.
















    				Home
    			



    				Who We Are
    			



    				What We Do
    			





			Family Office
		





			Impact Investing
		





			Investment Banking
		







    				Our Board
    			



    				News / Events
    			



    				Contact
    			



















✕




 



Odgers Berndtson Names Edward Mathias, Gen. George Casey, and Barry Libert to Newly Formed Advisory Board | Business Wire


























































Odgers Berndtson Names Edward Mathias, Gen. George Casey, and Barry 
      Libert to Newly Formed Advisory Board






September 09, 2014 02:26 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Odgers Berndtson, one of the world's leading executive search and 
      organizational leadership firms, today announced the formation of a 
      leadership advisory board to provide enhanced insights and knowledge on 
      the trends and innovations reshaping industries and sectors served by 
      the firm’s executive search consultants.
    


      The initial advisory board members are Edward Mathias of The Carlyle 
      Group, General George W. Casey (USA, Retired), and technology and 
      digital strategist Barry Libert; additional members will be named over 
      the course of the year. This additional inside-expert perspective will 
      strengthen Odgers' work to help clients build more robust leadership 
      teams with the requisite competencies and vision to drive future success.
    

      "Diversity of senior advisory experience is critical to the success of 
      all companies, and we want to practice what we preach," said Steve 
      Potter, managing partner for Odgers Berndtson's U.S. operations. 
      "George, Barry, and Ed are among the most accomplished and respected 
      people in their professional areas, and we look forward to working 
      closely with them to ensure we remain ever-vigilant on the ongoing 
      evolution of our clients' markets."
    

      Background on Odgers' first Advisory Board members:
    


Edward J. Mathias is a Managing Director of The Carlyle Group, 
        a global asset management firm, and a member of its Board of 
        Directors. Prior to joining Carlyle in January 1994, he was a founding 
        member of the Management Committee and Board of Directors of T. Rowe 
        Price Associates, Inc., a major investment management organization. He 
        was instrumental in the founding of The Carlyle Group and assisted in 
        raising the firm's initial capital. Mr. Mathias serves as an advisor 
        to senior management and is a member of the Investment Committees for 
        a number of its funds.
      

General George Casey, Jr. (USA, Retired) is an accomplished 
        leader and an authority on strategic leadership. He led the U.S. Army 
        from 2007-2011, and is widely credited with leading its transformation 
        to keep it relevant in the 21st Century. He currently serves as a 
        Distinguished Senior Lecturer of Leadership at the Samuel Johnson 
        Graduate School of Management at Cornell University and lectures 
        internationally on leadership to the leaders of national and 
        multinational corporations and at other business schools. He serves on 
        several corporate boards and numerous boards of organizations that 
        support servicemen and women, veterans and their families.
      

Barry Libert is a corporate director, technology investor, and 
        strategic advisor to boards and CEOs. Mr. Libert specializes in 
        social, mobile and big data company investing and advising larger 
        organizations on the impact of these technologies on their business. 
        He is the chairman and founder of OpenMatters, a technology (growth) 
        investor and strategic advisory firm. In 2001, he founded Mzinga, a 
        social software and analytics company. His board 
        memberships (present and past) include: Innocentive, a social 
        innovation software company; Activate Networks (ANI), a big data 
        analytics company; The Pulse Network, an enterprise social video 
        company; Sonicbids, a social music marketing company; Parametric 
        Dining, a mobile payment company; and The SEI Center for Advanced 
        Studies in Management and Networked Organizations at the Wharton 
        Business School of the University of Pennsylvania. He is the author of 
        five books and 20 e-books on the impact of digital and emerging 
        technologies on business models, and a frequent commentator on the 
        changing dynamics of corporate leadership and governance in the 
        digital age. He is also the co-lead of Odgers' Digital Board Practice.
      


ABOUT ODGERS BERNDTSON IN THE U.S.


      Odgers Berndtson is a leading global executive search and organizational 
      leadership firm, with more than 210 partners managing client engagements 
      from offices in 51 cities across 29 countries. Its diverse team of 
      experienced search consultants in the U.S. provides executive search, 
      leadership consulting, and candidate assessment services to 
      organizations in an equally broad range of industries and sectors, both 
      here and abroad. They have the depth and breadth of experience and 
      knowledge to serve all the major industrial sectors, with particularly 
      strong market expertise and penetration in: financial services, 
      including alternative investments, asset management, investment banking, 
      and venture capital; technology, information and communications; 
      healthcare and life sciences; mining; consumer products and services; 
      media and entertainment; and sports. For more information, please see www.odgersberndtson.com.
    




Contacts

STARKMAN PR212-252-8545Katharine Rosekrose@starkmanpr.comorEmma 
      Smithesmith@starkmanpr.com













Contacts

STARKMAN PR212-252-8545Katharine Rosekrose@starkmanpr.comorEmma 
      Smithesmith@starkmanpr.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















MATHIAS EDWARD J Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MATHIAS EDWARD J
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Mathias Edward J is based out of New York.     WhaleWisdom has at least 1 13D/G filings and 1 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Mathias Edward J. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MATHIAS EDWARD J, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




mathias edward j


1330 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10019









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 02/03/2017
SC 13D filed on 11/14/2016
4 filed on 02/03/2016
4 filed on 08/05/2015
4 filed on 06/05/2015
4 filed on 02/03/2015
4 filed on 03/10/2014
4 filed on 02/03/2014











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Endeavor IP Inc (ENIP)


      CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY
    

      244,500
    

      48,900.00
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2016-11-02
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free


















Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            













GBI 















































Gold Bullion International


Find us on Bloomberg at <GOLB>


Research Access











Login to View Publications
If you have an account, log in below.
Username

Password

Forgot your password?

 Auto-login on future visits
 Show my name in the online users list

 

 

Sign Up for Publications Access
Create an account for access to our 
papers, videos, and reports.





Username

Password

Confirm password

Screen NameIf you leave this field blank, your screen name will be the same as your username

Email

Organization

Please type the text you see in the box below:


 edb5f8  





URL

Terms of Service


All messages posted at this site express the views of the author, and do not necessarily reflect the views of the owners and administrators of this site.

By registering at this site you agree not to post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, or that violate any laws.   We will permanently ban all users who do so.   

We reserve the right to remove, edit, or move any messages for any reason.

  I agree to the terms of service



 
 
 











ABOUT GBI
 Company Overview Our Team Board of Managers Advisory board Careers FAQs Contact Us

CONTACT US


MEDIA
 Newsletter Featured Articles Press Releases Videos

Solutions
 40 Act Funds Wealth Managers Independent Advisors Institutional Investors Individual Investors Gold IRA Program Physical Dividend Program








Advisory board



Advisory Board/Investors

General Wesley K. Clark, Advisory Board
Arthur Levitt,  Advisory Board
Sallie L. Krawcheck, Advisory Board
Edward J. Mathias, Advisory Board




Advisory Board/Investors



General Wesley K. Clark, Advisory BoardGeneral Clark serves as Chairman and CEO of Wesley K. Clark & Associates, a strategic consulting firm; Co-Chairman of Growth Energy; senior fellow at UCLA’s Burkle Center for International Relations; Chairman of Clean Terra, Inc.; Director of International Crisis Group; Chairman of City Year Little Rock; as well as numerous corporate boards. General Clark has authored three books and serves as a member of the Clinton Global Initiative’s Energy & Climate Change Advisory Board, and ACORE’s Advisory Board.
Clark retired a four star general after 38 years in the United States Army. He graduated first in his class at West Point and completed degrees in Philosophy, Politics and Economics at Oxford University (B.A. and M.A.) as a Rhodes Scholar. While serving in Vietnam, he commanded an infantry company in combat, where he was severely wounded and evacuated home on a stretcher. He later commanded at the battalion, brigade and division level, and served in a number of significant staff positions, including service as the Director Strategic Plans and Policy (J-5). In his last assignment as Supreme Allied Commander Europe he led NATO forces to victory in Operation Allied Force, saving 1.5 million Albanians from ethnic cleansing.
Back to Top




Arthur Levitt,  Advisory BoardMr. Levitt was the 25th Chairman of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. First appointed by President Clinton in July 1993, the President reappointed Chairman Levitt to a second five-year term in May 1998. In September 1999, he became the longest-serving Chairman of the Commission. He left the Commission in February 2001. Mr. Levitt joined The Carlyle Group in May 2001 as a Senior Advisor to the firm. He advises Carlyle management on strategic business matters.
Before joining the Commission, Mr. Levitt owned Roll Call, a newspaper that covers Capitol Hill. From 1989 to 1993, he served as the Chairman of the New York City Economic Development Corporation, and from 1978 to 1989, he was the Chairman of the American Stock Exchange. Prior to joining the Amex, Mr. Levitt worked for 16 years on Wall Street.
Mr. Levitt graduated from Williams College, where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa, in 1952 before serving for two years in the Air Force. Levitt’s bestselling book, TAKE ON THE STREET: What Wall Street and Corporate America Don’t Want You to Know/What You Can Do to Fight Back was published by Pantheon Books in October, 2002.
Back to Top




Sallie L. Krawcheck, Advisory BoardSallie L. Krawcheck is the past President of Global Wealth & Investment Management for Bank of America, the largest wealth management business in the world. Prior to joining Bank of America, Ms. Krawcheck was the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman for Citi Global Wealth Management, responsible for the Citi Private Bank, Citi Smith Barney and Citi Investment Research. Prior to joining Citi, Ms. Krawcheck was chairman and chief executive officer of Sanford C. Bernstein & Company. She began her career as a research analyst, covering the financial services industry, a role in which she was consistently ranked first in her field by “Institutional Investor.”
She is a member of the Bretton Woods Committee, on the board of Carnegie Hall, on the board of Finra and on the investment committee for The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She is a member of the board of overseers of Columbia University Business School.  Krawcheck is a past member of the Board of Directors of Dell Inc, Blackrock and of the NY Economic Club.

Follow @SallieKrawcheck


Back to Top




Edward J. Mathias, Advisory BoardEdward J.  Mathias is a Managing Director and Partner of The Carlyle Group, a Global Alternative Asset Management firm.  He was instrumental in the founding of The Carlyle Group and assisted in raising the firm’s initial capital.  Prior to joining Carlyle in January 1994, Mr. Mathias was a long-time member of the Management Committee and Board of Directors of T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., a major investment management organization. He presently oversees Carlyle’s Growth Products, spanning the globe and has a long history in venture capital  and extensive experience in the emerging/frontier markets.  Mr. Mathias holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an undergraduate degree from the University of Pennsylvania where he is a Trustee.  He is also a member of The Council on Foreign Relations , serves  as Program Chairman for The Economic Club of Washington and is a member of The Trustees’ Council at The National Gallery of Art.
Back to Top






ABOUT GBI


 Company Overview

 Our Team

 Board of Managers

 Advisory board

 Careers

 FAQs

 Contact Us


Learn More
For detailed information on the advantages of precious metals and our services, please contact us.


 












Follow @GBI_Insights



Tweet














Disclaimer
Contact Us


Copyright © 2015 Gold Bullion International LLC.












		   Edward J. Mathias - Avondale Partners - Avondale Partners	







































About
People
Careers
Blog
News
Events
Contact
 


Wealth & Asset Management

Avondale Advisors
Individuals & Families

People
Resource Center


Corporate Services

People


Retirement Plans

People
Resource Center


Conquest Fund

People
Request Information
Investor Login




Investment Banking

Industry Coverage

Health Care
Business Services
Broader Sector Expertise


Transactions


Additional Services

Futures
Municipal Bonds
Inst. Execution






The Avondale Difference
Overview / History
People

– Conquest Fund
– Founders
– Futures
– Individuals & Families
– Institutional & Corp Services
– Investment Banking
– Municipal Bonds
– Operating Committee
– Retirement Plans
– View All


Advisory Board
News & Highlights >

– Press Releases
– Media Coverage
– Commentary & Perspectives






About / Advisory Board



Bill Carpenter
Brent Turner
Edward J. Mathias
James H. Cheek, III
James J. Mahoney, Jr.
Joel C. Gordon
Ken Melkus
Raymond Pirtle, Jr.
Thomas F. Frist Jr., M.D.
Timothy T. Weglicki




Edward J. Mathias
The Carlyle Group
Mr. Mathias is a Managing Director of The Carlyle Group and is based in Washington, DC. Prior to joining Carlyle in January 1994, Mr. Mathias was a member of the Management Committee and Board of Directors of T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., a major investment management organization. He was instrumental in the founding of The Carlyle Group and assisted in raising the firm’s initial capital. Focusing primarily on venture capital activities, he serves as a member of the Investment Committees for Carlyle Venture Partners, Carlyle Europe Venture Partners, and Carlyle Asia Venture Partners. Mr. Mathias holds an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School and an undergraduate degree from the University of Pennsylvania where he presently serves as a Trustee.



 
 


















