 

Matrix Asset Advisors | 



















































































  
  
  



 




 

Our Clients
Matrix Manages Money for Individuals, Families, Endowments, Foundations and Retirement Plans
(learn more)



 

Investing in Equities
Matrix Manages U.S. Equities in Three Different Value-Oriented Investment Styles(learn more)



 

Investing in Fixed Income
Matrix Manages U.S. Bond Portfolios Customized to the Individual Needs and Risk Tolerances of our Clients(learn more)



 

Matrix in the News
Matrix Investment Commentary, White Papers and Press(learn more)


 




 











 

Bios  |  Matrix Asset Advisors













































































Bios

DAVID A. KATZ, CFA, President, CIO
Mr. Katz is Matrix’s President and Chief Investment Officer and has overall responsibility for the firm’s investment efforts. He graduated summa cum laude from Union College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics. He received a Master of Business Administration degree, with a concentration in Finance, from New York University Graduate School of Business in 1987, graduating with distinction. His numerous works on Value investing have earned him various awards and distinctions at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Mr. Katz is a CFA charterholder. After initially working at Management Asset Corporation (Westport, CT), Mr. Katz co-founded Value Matrix Management with the late John M. Gates in 1986. He served as the firm’s Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer and was Head of the Investment Policy Committee. In 1990, he merged Value Matrix Management organization into Matrix Asset Advisors. Mr. Katz chairs the Investment Policy Committee and is a Portfolio Manager/Analyst. He appears frequently as a guest on CNBC and Bloomberg Radio.
 
LON F. BIRNHOLZ, Partner
Mr. Birnholz is Senior Managing Director of Matrix Asset Advisors. He oversees Matrix’s fixed income portfolio management and also participates in the firm’s business development and client service efforts. He has been at Matrix since 1995 and serves as the firm’s Chief Financial Officer and is a member of the firm’s Investment Policy Committee. Mr. Birnholz graduated magna cum laude from New York University’s College of Business Administration with a B.S. degree in Accounting and Economics in 1983. He received his MBA in Finance from New York University’s Graduate School of Business Administration in 1987, graduating with distinction. Mr. Birnholz has been actively involved in the investment community since 1983. Prior to joining Matrix, he has held senior level positions at merchant banks including The Jesup Group, Inc., The International Harvest Group, Inc. and Edgewater Partners, Inc. where he focused on making principal investments in private as well as public corporations. In the mid 1980’s, Mr. Birnholz worked in the High Net-Worth Municipal Bond Group at Shearson Lehman Brothers.
 
CONALL J. DUFFIN, Partner
Mr. Duffin is a Vice President and Matrix’s Chief Compliance Officer. In this role, he oversees the compliance efforts of Matrix. In addition, he has responsibilities in marketing, mutual fund operations and client relations. He joined Matrix Asset Advisors in 2001 as a client relations associate. He was promoted to Vice President in 2011. In December, 2016 he became the firm’s Chief Compliance Officer.  Mr. Duffin graduated from Seton Hall University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Political Science. Prior to joining Matrix Asset Advisors, Mr. Duffin worked for an independent stockbroker in Rhode Island.
 
SHERRI HURWITZ, Partner
Ms. Hurwitz joined Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc. in 1995 as an Operations Associate. She was promoted to Trader in 1999 and currently is responsible for Equity Trading and Portfolio Management. She graduated from SUNY College at Oneonta with a Bachelors degree in Business/Economics. Prior to joining Matrix Asset Advisors, Ms. Hurwitz was employed by Warren Gorham Lamont as a financial assistant and Corinthian Media as a media buying assistant.
 
LISA A. MABEL, Partner
Ms. Mabel joined Matrix Asset Advisors in 2003 as Director of Client Relations. She is responsible for the set up and ongoing support of the firms’ clients, along with being a liaison between Matrix and our brokerage firm custodians. She was promoted to Vice President in 2005. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology with a minor in Business Administration at the University of New York at Albany. Prior to joining Matrix Asset Advisors, she was a Relationship Manager at Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. in several divisions. Ms. Mabel has over 18 years of experience working in the financial industry.
 
STEVEN PISARKIEWICZ, Partner
Mr. Pisarkiewicz is Senior Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager of Matrix Asset Advisors.  His principal responsibilities are to help oversee the business development and client service efforts of the Firm.  He is also a member of the Investment Policy Committee sharing oversight responsibilities for portfolio construction.  Mr. Pisarkiewicz joined Matrix in 2009.  He earned a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from the University of Missouri in 1972, and an MBA from the University of California at Berkeley in 1979.  From 2007 to 2009, he served as National Managing Director for Bernstein Global Wealth Management.  In this role, he directed the efforts of the firm’s Financial Advisors in advising some of the largest families for whom Bernstein provides wealth management.  From 2003 through 2007, he served as Executive Vice President of The Bank of New York and head of BNY Asset Management.  His responsibilities included both Private Wealth Management and Institutional Asset Management.   Prior to BNY, Steve spent nearly 14 years at AllianceBernstein.  In his last position at AB, he was Chief Investment Officer of Structured Equity Services as well as a senior portfolio manager and member of the Investment Policy Group for value equities.  Previous roles include running Institutional Sales, Consultant Relations & Client Service; when Steve joined Bernstein in 1989, he was the Managing Director of the New York Private Client business.  Prior to joining Bernstein, he was a vice president and senior consultant with SEI Corporation from 1983 to 1989, and a Director of Strategic Planning for Emerson Electric Company from 1979 to 1983.
 
JORDAN F. POSNER, Partner
Mr. Posner is Managing Director/Senior Portfolio Manager of Matrix Asset Advisors where he plays a key role in the firm’s research and portfolio management efforts. He joined the firm in 2005. He received his B.S. (1979) and M.Eng. (1980) from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and his MBA from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School in 1986. Prior to joining Matrix in 2005, Mr. Posner was a principal at David J. Greene & Co. in New York City, spending 17 years focused on equity research and portfolio management. Before joining David J. Greene & Co., he worked at Management Asset Corporation in Westport, CT for two years. He is a member of Matrix’s Investment Policy Committee. Mr. Posner is also a member of the CFA Institute, New York Society of Security Analysts and the Media and Entertainment Analysts of New York. Mr. Posner is also licensed as a Professional Engineer in New York state.
 
STEVEN G. ROUKIS, CFA, Partner
Mr. Roukis is Managing Director/Senior Portfolio Manager of Matrix Asset Advisors where he plays a key role in the firm’s research and portfolio management efforts. He graduated from the State University of New York at Buffalo with a B.A. in History in 1991. Mr. Roukis received an M.A. in Economics from New York University in 2000. He began his career in 1994 at Matrix, and is a member of the firm’s Investment Policy Committee. Mr. Roukis is a CFA charterholder, member of the New York Society of Security Analysts and a member of the CFA Institute.
 
JONATHAN TOM, CFA, Partner
Mr. Tom is a Senior Vice President and is Matrix’s Chief Operating Officer and Fixed Income Trader. He joined Matrix Asset Advisors in 2005 as an equity research associate. He was promoted to Senior Research Analyst in 2009, and to Vice President in 2011. In December 2015 he became the firm’s Chief Operating Officer. His responsibilities include oversight of the firm’s operations, quantitative equity analysis and assisting in company specific qualitative analysis. Additionally, Mr. Tom is responsible for the firm’s fixed income trading and serving as the Asst. Equity Trader. He graduated cum laude from Pace University with a Bachelors degree in Mathematics with Applied Finance and has obtained his Chartered Financial Analyst designation. He began his career as an intern with Matrix Asset Advisors in 2003.
 
STEPHAN J. WEINBERGER, CFA, Partner
Mr. Weinberger is Managing Director/Senior Portfolio Manager of Matrix Asset Advisors. Stephan serves on the Investment Policy Committee. In addition to investment research, his responsibilities include business development and client service. Mr. Weinberger joined the firm in 2010 and has 35 years of experience in the investment business. He received his undergraduate degree in English Literature from the University of Colorado, a Higher Diploma in Anglo Irish Literature from Trinity College, Dublin and an MBA from the University of Chicago. Prior to joining Matrix, Stephan was a Partner at Armstrong Shaw Associates in Connecticut where he was a member of the Investment Committee for 14 years. Prior to joining Armstrong Shaw, Mr. Weinberger was a Partner and Portfolio Manager at Pecksland Associates L. P. and Pine Tree Capital as well as Head of Research at Management Asset Corporation where he worked with David Katz. He is a CFA charterholder.
 
ANDREA M. HAWLEY, Principal, Senior Associate, Operations
Ms. Hawley joined Matrix Asset Advisors in November of 2013 as an Operations Associate. She was promoted to Senior Operations Associate in December of 2014. Ms. Hawley is responsible for ensuring all account statements are received and reconciled monthly. She also assists in other operational responsibilities, client relations, client reporting, as well as serves as an aid to the research department. Ms. Hawley graduated from Indiana University with a Bachelor of Science in Public Affairs degree in Management with a minor in Human Resources.
 
TIFFANY A. SHIN, Principal, Vice President/Equity Research/Fixed Income
Ms. Shin is a Principal and Vice President and is involved in Operations, as well as Equity and Fixed Income Research. She began her Matrix career in 2008 as a Client Relations Associate and has expanded her responsibilities over the years to her current roles. In addition to her operational and research responsibilities, she assists in the Fixed Income Trading. Tiffany has worked at Macy’s in the Finance Department as well as had internships at UBS Financial Services, The TriZetto Group and Scottrade. Tiffany graduated from Rutgers Business School with a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance.
 
CARLOS ZAVALA, Principal,Vice President, Operations/Senior Portfolio Administrator 
Mr. Zavala joined Matrix Asset Advisors in 2000 as an Operations Associate and was promoted to Senior Portfolio Administrator in 2006 and to Vice President in 2011. He is responsible for portfolio administration functions including the daily transaction download and REX automated reconciliation system. He is also responsible for quarterly client billing and provides assistance with trade clearing and client reporting. He further serves as a member of the research department assisting with the gathering of information for different companies owned or contemplated. Prior to joining Matrix, Mr. Zavala worked for the U.S. Census Bureau. He has completed 2 years at Binghamton University.
 

 













 

Dividend Income Equity Strategy  |  Matrix Asset Advisors












































































Dividend Income Equity Strategy


Overview: Matrix Dividend Income is a Large Cap equity strategy investing in common stocks and ADRs only.
Investment Objective: Deliver higher current income with lower portfolio volatility than the S&P 500 Index. Relative to the S&P 500 Index, we strive to deliver modest capital appreciation and moderate downside protection.
Research Process: Both quantitative and qualitative research are employed by a team of 4 analysts to assess the stability and growth potential of a company’s dividend-paying capability as well as the current stock price valuation.
Buy Discipline: Identify mature, successful companies with strong financial characteristics, selling at attractive valuations relative to each company’s intrinsic value. Each stock must have a current yield in excess of 1.3x the S&P 500 Dividend Yield at the time of purchase.
Sell Discipline: Stocks are candidates for sale under one or more of the following conditions: the dividend is cut or reduced below that of the S&P 500 Yield; the outlook for future dividend growth deteriorates; the balance sheet materially weakens; the stock price rises above its intrinsic value price.
Risk Management: Monitor and assess the contribution to total portfolio risk relative to the goals of high current income, modest capital appreciation and moderate downside protection. Risk is evaluated at 4 levels – security, industry, sector and portfolio.
Strategy Fact Sheet
Dividend Income Equity 
1st Quarter, 2017
 













 

Opportunistic Value Equity Strategy  |  Matrix Asset Advisors












































































Opportunistic Value Equity Strategy


Overview: Matrix Opportunistic Value is a Large Cap equity strategy invested in common stocks and ADRs only
Performance Objective: Outperform the benchmark by 2-3% per year over a full market cycle, with strong relative performance in up markets
Research Process: Both quantitative and qualitative research are employed by a team of 4 analysts to assess the attractiveness of stock opportunities
Buy Discipline: Identify 35 to 40 Best Ideas based on attractive valuations, quality of their balance sheets, and the diversification contribution to the final portfolio
Sell Discipline: Sell stocks when stock prices are at or near their intrinsic values, the financial strength or long-term fundamentals deteriorate, or better stock ideas arise
Risk Management: Monitor and assess the contribution to total portfolio risk relative to the benchmark at 4 levels – security, industry, sector and portfolio
Strategy Fact Sheets
Large Cap Opportunistic Value Equity – Russell 1000 
1st Quarter, 2017
Large Cap Opportunistic Value Equity – Russell 1000 Value 
1st Quarter, 2017
ERISA Disclosure 
 













 

Dividend Growth Equity Strategy  |  Matrix Asset Advisors












































































Dividend Growth Equity Strategy


Overview: Matrix Dividend Growth is a Large Cap equity strategy investing in common stocks and ADRs only
Investment Objective: Outperform the S&P High Dividend Yield Aristocrats Index while delivering above-average current income
Research Process: Both quantitative and qualitative research are employed by a team of 4 analysts to assess the stability and growth potential of a company’s dividend-paying capability as well as the current stock price valuation and growth potential
Buy Discipline: Identify mature, successful companies with strong financial characteristics, selling at attractive valuations relative to each company’s intrinsic value. Each stock must have a current yield in excess of the S&P 500 Dividend Yield at the time of purchase. Stocks with high appreciation potential and strong dividend growth potential may also be buy candidates.
Sell Discipline: Stocks are candidates for sale under one or more of the following conditions: the dividend is cut or reduced below that of the S&P 500 Dividend Yield; the outlook for future dividend growth deteriorates; the balance sheet materially weakens; the stock price rises above its intrinsic value price.
Opportunistic Overlay: Matrix maintains the flexibility to tilt the portfolio holdings to companies with strong earnings and dividend growth potential in accordance with its proprietary measure of market appreciation potential.
Risk Management: Monitor and assess the contribution to total portfolio risk relative to the goals of capital appreciation, above average current income and moderate downside protection. Risk is evaluated at 4 levels: security, industry, sector and portfolio.
 













 

Advising Clients  |  Matrix Asset Advisors












































































Advising Clients

Because we know that no two clients are identically situated, we listen closely to their needs and sensibilities, including their tolerance for risk and volatility, in order to advise them as to their most appropriate asset allocation.
Asset allocations are followed faithfully, but are always subject to revision based on a client’s circumstances or attitudes. We take pride in being accessible and a resource for our clients as they assess their financial goals. Our principal interest is to execute the investment strategy that will allow our clients to achieve those goals.
 













 

Bios  |  Matrix Asset Advisors













































































Bios

DAVID A. KATZ, CFA, President, CIO
Mr. Katz is Matrix’s President and Chief Investment Officer and has overall responsibility for the firm’s investment efforts. He graduated summa cum laude from Union College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics. He received a Master of Business Administration degree, with a concentration in Finance, from New York University Graduate School of Business in 1987, graduating with distinction. His numerous works on Value investing have earned him various awards and distinctions at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Mr. Katz is a CFA charterholder. After initially working at Management Asset Corporation (Westport, CT), Mr. Katz co-founded Value Matrix Management with the late John M. Gates in 1986. He served as the firm’s Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer and was Head of the Investment Policy Committee. In 1990, he merged Value Matrix Management organization into Matrix Asset Advisors. Mr. Katz chairs the Investment Policy Committee and is a Portfolio Manager/Analyst. He appears frequently as a guest on CNBC and Bloomberg Radio.
 
LON F. BIRNHOLZ, Partner
Mr. Birnholz is Senior Managing Director of Matrix Asset Advisors. He oversees Matrix’s fixed income portfolio management and also participates in the firm’s business development and client service efforts. He has been at Matrix since 1995 and serves as the firm’s Chief Financial Officer and is a member of the firm’s Investment Policy Committee. Mr. Birnholz graduated magna cum laude from New York University’s College of Business Administration with a B.S. degree in Accounting and Economics in 1983. He received his MBA in Finance from New York University’s Graduate School of Business Administration in 1987, graduating with distinction. Mr. Birnholz has been actively involved in the investment community since 1983. Prior to joining Matrix, he has held senior level positions at merchant banks including The Jesup Group, Inc., The International Harvest Group, Inc. and Edgewater Partners, Inc. where he focused on making principal investments in private as well as public corporations. In the mid 1980’s, Mr. Birnholz worked in the High Net-Worth Municipal Bond Group at Shearson Lehman Brothers.
 
CONALL J. DUFFIN, Partner
Mr. Duffin is a Vice President and Matrix’s Chief Compliance Officer. In this role, he oversees the compliance efforts of Matrix. In addition, he has responsibilities in marketing, mutual fund operations and client relations. He joined Matrix Asset Advisors in 2001 as a client relations associate. He was promoted to Vice President in 2011. In December, 2016 he became the firm’s Chief Compliance Officer.  Mr. Duffin graduated from Seton Hall University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Political Science. Prior to joining Matrix Asset Advisors, Mr. Duffin worked for an independent stockbroker in Rhode Island.
 
SHERRI HURWITZ, Partner
Ms. Hurwitz joined Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc. in 1995 as an Operations Associate. She was promoted to Trader in 1999 and currently is responsible for Equity Trading and Portfolio Management. She graduated from SUNY College at Oneonta with a Bachelors degree in Business/Economics. Prior to joining Matrix Asset Advisors, Ms. Hurwitz was employed by Warren Gorham Lamont as a financial assistant and Corinthian Media as a media buying assistant.
 
LISA A. MABEL, Partner
Ms. Mabel joined Matrix Asset Advisors in 2003 as Director of Client Relations. She is responsible for the set up and ongoing support of the firms’ clients, along with being a liaison between Matrix and our brokerage firm custodians. She was promoted to Vice President in 2005. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology with a minor in Business Administration at the University of New York at Albany. Prior to joining Matrix Asset Advisors, she was a Relationship Manager at Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. in several divisions. Ms. Mabel has over 18 years of experience working in the financial industry.
 
STEVEN PISARKIEWICZ, Partner
Mr. Pisarkiewicz is Senior Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager of Matrix Asset Advisors.  His principal responsibilities are to help oversee the business development and client service efforts of the Firm.  He is also a member of the Investment Policy Committee sharing oversight responsibilities for portfolio construction.  Mr. Pisarkiewicz joined Matrix in 2009.  He earned a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from the University of Missouri in 1972, and an MBA from the University of California at Berkeley in 1979.  From 2007 to 2009, he served as National Managing Director for Bernstein Global Wealth Management.  In this role, he directed the efforts of the firm’s Financial Advisors in advising some of the largest families for whom Bernstein provides wealth management.  From 2003 through 2007, he served as Executive Vice President of The Bank of New York and head of BNY Asset Management.  His responsibilities included both Private Wealth Management and Institutional Asset Management.   Prior to BNY, Steve spent nearly 14 years at AllianceBernstein.  In his last position at AB, he was Chief Investment Officer of Structured Equity Services as well as a senior portfolio manager and member of the Investment Policy Group for value equities.  Previous roles include running Institutional Sales, Consultant Relations & Client Service; when Steve joined Bernstein in 1989, he was the Managing Director of the New York Private Client business.  Prior to joining Bernstein, he was a vice president and senior consultant with SEI Corporation from 1983 to 1989, and a Director of Strategic Planning for Emerson Electric Company from 1979 to 1983.
 
JORDAN F. POSNER, Partner
Mr. Posner is Managing Director/Senior Portfolio Manager of Matrix Asset Advisors where he plays a key role in the firm’s research and portfolio management efforts. He joined the firm in 2005. He received his B.S. (1979) and M.Eng. (1980) from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and his MBA from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School in 1986. Prior to joining Matrix in 2005, Mr. Posner was a principal at David J. Greene & Co. in New York City, spending 17 years focused on equity research and portfolio management. Before joining David J. Greene & Co., he worked at Management Asset Corporation in Westport, CT for two years. He is a member of Matrix’s Investment Policy Committee. Mr. Posner is also a member of the CFA Institute, New York Society of Security Analysts and the Media and Entertainment Analysts of New York. Mr. Posner is also licensed as a Professional Engineer in New York state.
 
STEVEN G. ROUKIS, CFA, Partner
Mr. Roukis is Managing Director/Senior Portfolio Manager of Matrix Asset Advisors where he plays a key role in the firm’s research and portfolio management efforts. He graduated from the State University of New York at Buffalo with a B.A. in History in 1991. Mr. Roukis received an M.A. in Economics from New York University in 2000. He began his career in 1994 at Matrix, and is a member of the firm’s Investment Policy Committee. Mr. Roukis is a CFA charterholder, member of the New York Society of Security Analysts and a member of the CFA Institute.
 
JONATHAN TOM, CFA, Partner
Mr. Tom is a Senior Vice President and is Matrix’s Chief Operating Officer and Fixed Income Trader. He joined Matrix Asset Advisors in 2005 as an equity research associate. He was promoted to Senior Research Analyst in 2009, and to Vice President in 2011. In December 2015 he became the firm’s Chief Operating Officer. His responsibilities include oversight of the firm’s operations, quantitative equity analysis and assisting in company specific qualitative analysis. Additionally, Mr. Tom is responsible for the firm’s fixed income trading and serving as the Asst. Equity Trader. He graduated cum laude from Pace University with a Bachelors degree in Mathematics with Applied Finance and has obtained his Chartered Financial Analyst designation. He began his career as an intern with Matrix Asset Advisors in 2003.
 
STEPHAN J. WEINBERGER, CFA, Partner
Mr. Weinberger is Managing Director/Senior Portfolio Manager of Matrix Asset Advisors. Stephan serves on the Investment Policy Committee. In addition to investment research, his responsibilities include business development and client service. Mr. Weinberger joined the firm in 2010 and has 35 years of experience in the investment business. He received his undergraduate degree in English Literature from the University of Colorado, a Higher Diploma in Anglo Irish Literature from Trinity College, Dublin and an MBA from the University of Chicago. Prior to joining Matrix, Stephan was a Partner at Armstrong Shaw Associates in Connecticut where he was a member of the Investment Committee for 14 years. Prior to joining Armstrong Shaw, Mr. Weinberger was a Partner and Portfolio Manager at Pecksland Associates L. P. and Pine Tree Capital as well as Head of Research at Management Asset Corporation where he worked with David Katz. He is a CFA charterholder.
 
ANDREA M. HAWLEY, Principal, Senior Associate, Operations
Ms. Hawley joined Matrix Asset Advisors in November of 2013 as an Operations Associate. She was promoted to Senior Operations Associate in December of 2014. Ms. Hawley is responsible for ensuring all account statements are received and reconciled monthly. She also assists in other operational responsibilities, client relations, client reporting, as well as serves as an aid to the research department. Ms. Hawley graduated from Indiana University with a Bachelor of Science in Public Affairs degree in Management with a minor in Human Resources.
 
TIFFANY A. SHIN, Principal, Vice President/Equity Research/Fixed Income
Ms. Shin is a Principal and Vice President and is involved in Operations, as well as Equity and Fixed Income Research. She began her Matrix career in 2008 as a Client Relations Associate and has expanded her responsibilities over the years to her current roles. In addition to her operational and research responsibilities, she assists in the Fixed Income Trading. Tiffany has worked at Macy’s in the Finance Department as well as had internships at UBS Financial Services, The TriZetto Group and Scottrade. Tiffany graduated from Rutgers Business School with a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance.
 
CARLOS ZAVALA, Principal,Vice President, Operations/Senior Portfolio Administrator 
Mr. Zavala joined Matrix Asset Advisors in 2000 as an Operations Associate and was promoted to Senior Portfolio Administrator in 2006 and to Vice President in 2011. He is responsible for portfolio administration functions including the daily transaction download and REX automated reconciliation system. He is also responsible for quarterly client billing and provides assistance with trade clearing and client reporting. He further serves as a member of the research department assisting with the gathering of information for different companies owned or contemplated. Prior to joining Matrix, Mr. Zavala worked for the U.S. Census Bureau. He has completed 2 years at Binghamton University.
 

 

















Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, NY 10017 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» New York
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Matrix Asset Advisors













Matrix Asset Advisors


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





747 3rd Ave Rm 3103 Rm 3103 New York, New York 10017


(212) 486-2004
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Matrix Asset Advisors is located at the address 747 3rd Ave Rm 3103 in New York, New York 10017.  They can be contacted via phone at (212) 486-2004 for pricing, hours and directions.  Matrix Asset Advisors has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact William  Tseng, Trader or  go to matrixassetadvisors.comMatrix Asset Advisors provides Commercial Services, Corporate Services, Income Planning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Matrix Asset Advisors view the map to the right.  For reviews of Matrix Asset Advisors see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Profit Sharing Plans
, Government Securities
, Mutual Funds
, Retirement Plans
, Agency Bonds
, Tax Free Investments
, Short-Term Policies
, Mortgage Investments
, Certificates Of Deposit
, Loans



SERVICES


Retirement Services
, Family Wealth Planning
, Cash Management
, Private Banking
, Corporate Services
, Insurance
, Institutional Services
, College Funding
, Income Planning
, Commercial Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (212) 486-2004
Website: matrixassetadvisors.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 35
Exact Sales Volume: 1400000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Highland Capital Brokerage


245 Park Ave Fl 39 Fl 39 New York, New York 10167




SHAKER INVESTMENTS


280 Park Ave  New York, New York 10017




COSMIC TRADING COMPANY LIMITED


465 Park Ave  New York, New York 10022




Jefferies Execution


11 Wall St  New York, New York 10005




PEAK CAPITAL MANGMNT LLC


44 Wall St  New York, New York 10005




STANDARD & POOR'S


55 Water St Conc2 Ste New York, New York 10041





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




William  Tseng
TRADER
Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



Laurie  Gaeta

Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



David  Katz
PRESIDENT-CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER
Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



Sherri  Hurwitz
HEAD TRADER
Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



Jordan  Posner
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



Matrix  Asset Advisors

Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



Janko  Andrew

Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



Lon F Birnholz
MANAGING DIRECTOR
Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



Steven  Pisarkiewicz
MANAGER
Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



Steven  Roukis
PRESIDENT
Phone: (212) 486-2004 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












Matrix Asset Advisors Inc 747 3rd Ave New York, NY Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Matrix Asset Advisors Inc
  

747 3rd Ave

New York
NY
10017




 Reviews



(212) 486-1822
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















Services | Matrix Asset Advisors Inc New York, NY 10017 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeInvestment Advisory Service near New York, NYMatrix Asset Advisors IncServicesMatrix Asset Advisors Inc747 3rd Ave Rm 3103, New York, NY 10017(212) 486-2004View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishFinancial Services AccountingAccounting ServicesPlanningAsset ManagementBecause we know that no two clients are identically situated, we listen closely to their needs and sensibilities, including their tolerance for risk and volatility, in order to advise them as to their most appropriate asset allocation.InvestmentWealth ManagementMr. Pisarkiewicz is Senior Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager of Matrix Asset Advisors.  His principal responsibilities are to help oversee the business development and client service efforts of the Firm.  He is also a member of the Investment Policy Committee sharing oversight responsibilities for portfolio construction.  Mr. Pisarkiewicz joined Matrix in 2009.  He earned a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from the University of Missouri in 1972, and an MBA from the University of California at Berkeley in 1979.  From 2007 to 2009, he served as National Managing Director for Bernstein Global Wealth Management.  In this role, he directed the efforts of the firm’s Financial Advisors in advising some of the largest families for whom Bernstein provides wealth management.  From 2003 through 2007, he served as Executive Vice President of The Bank of New York and head of BNY Asset Management.  His responsibilities included both Private Wealth Management and Institutional Asset Management.   Prior to BNY, Steve spent nearly 14 years at AllianceBernstein.  In his last position at AB, he was Chief Investment Officer of Structured Equity Services as well as a senior portfolio manager and member of the Investment Policy Group for value equities.  Previous roles include running Institutional Sales, Consultant Relations & Client Service; when Steve joined Bernstein in 1989, he was the Managing Director of the New York Private Client business.  Prior to joining Bernstein, he was a vice president and senior consultant with SEI Corporation from 1983 to 1989, and a Director of Strategic Planning for Emerson Electric Company from 1979 to 1983.Investment ManagementMr. Birnholz is Senior Managing Director of Matrix Asset Advisors. He oversees Matrix’s fixed income portfolio management and also participates in the firm’s business development and client service efforts. He has been at Matrix since 1995 and serves as the firm’s Chief Financial Officer and is a member of the firm’s Investment Policy Committee. Mr. Birnholz graduated magna cum laude from New York University’s College of Business Administration with a B.S. degree in Accounting and Economics in 1983. He received his MBA in Finance from New York University’s Graduate School of Business Administration in 1987, graduating with distinction. Mr. Birnholz has been actively involved in the investment community since 1983. Prior to joining Matrix, he has held senior level positions at merchant banks including The Jesup Group, Inc., The International Harvest Group, Inc. and Edgewater Partners, Inc. where he focused on making principal investments in private as well as public corporations. In the mid 1980’s, Mr. Birnholz worked in the High Net-Worth Municipal Bond Group at Shearson Lehman Brothers.Mutual FundsMr. Duffin is a Vice President and Matrix’s Chief Compliance Officer. In this role, he oversees the compliance efforts of Matrix. In addition, he has responsibilities in marketing, mutual fund operations and client relations. He joined Matrix Asset Advisors in 2001 as a client relations associate. He was promoted to Vice President in 2011. In December, 2016 he became the firm’s Chief Compliance Officer.  Mr. Duffin graduated from Seton Hall University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Political Science. Prior to joining Matrix Asset Advisors, Mr. Duffin worked for an independent stockbroker in Rhode Island.Send to PhoneMatrix Asset Advisors Inc747 3rd Ave Rm 3103, New York, NY 10017(212) 486-2004Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailMatrix Asset Advisors Inc747 3rd Ave Rm 3103, New York, NY 10017(212) 486-2004Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Matrix Asset Advisors De Inc                                                                                             - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Management Services



Management Services



                            Matrix Asset Advisors De Inc
                                    



 





















M 


Matrix Asset Advisors De Inc                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



747 3RD AVE RM 3103 NEW YORK, NY 10017
Get Directions



(212) 486-2004
www.matrixassetadvisors.com                                                                             





Business Info



 Founded 1990
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,215,293.00
 Employee Count 20
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts David A Katz                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1990, Matrix Asset Advisors De Inc                                                                                             has been providing Management Services from New York. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




﻿

























Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY Buys 6,943 Shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for D/B/A Chubb Limited New
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor D/B/A Chubb Limited New with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

California Public Employees Retirement System Acquires 110,300 Shares of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ)
Royce & Associates LP Acquires 100,111 Shares of CareDx, Inc. (CDNA)
Container Store (The) (NYSE:TCS) Stake Maintained by Royce & Associates LP
Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:LGND) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.
Trinity Industries, Inc. (NYSE:TRN) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.
Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB) Shares Bought by Legal & General Group Plc
Legal & General Group Plc Has $4.18 Million Position in Select Income REIT (NASDAQ:SIR)
Visa Inc. (V) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC
Comp En De Mn Cemig ADS (NYSE:CIG) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages
Royce & Associates LP Has $835,000 Position in Penumbra, Inc. (PEN)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Sells 426 Shares of Macquarie Infrastructure Company (NYSE:MIC)
Ryder System, Inc. (NYSE:R) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.
Zacks: Brokerages Set $14.75 Target Price for Third Point Reinsurance Ltd. (TPRE)
National Bank Financial Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Empire Company Limited (EMP)
U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
TRI Pointe Group, Inc. (TPH) Receives $14.29 Consensus PT from Analysts
Analysts Set PulteGroup, Inc. (NYSE:PHM) Price Target at $24.18
Analysts Expect Century Communities, Inc. (CCS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.68 Per Share
Noble Corporation (NE) Debt Trading 1% Higher
Kier Group plc (LON:KIE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity


 


Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY Buys 6,943 Shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 16th, 2017 // No Comments 

Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY boosted its position in shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New (NYSE:CB) by 8.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 89,681 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 6,943 shares during the period. D/B/A Chubb Limited New makes up approximately 2.1% of Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY’s portfolio, making the stock its 20th largest position. Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY’s holdings in D/B/A Chubb Limited New were worth $12,219,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Assetmark Inc. raised its stake in shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New by 2.4% in the first quarter. Assetmark Inc. now owns 1,166 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 27 shares in the last quarter. Pinnacle Bank purchased a new stake in shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New during the first quarter worth about $168,000. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC raised its stake in shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New by 3.4% in the first quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 1,294 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $176,000 after buying an additional 43 shares in the last quarter. Norway Savings Bank raised its stake in shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New by 9.9% in the first quarter. Norway Savings Bank now owns 1,322 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $180,000 after buying an additional 119 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mosaic Family Wealth LLC raised its stake in shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New by 2.7% in the first quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC now owns 1,483 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $202,000 after buying an additional 39 shares in the last quarter. 88.65% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get D/B/A Chubb Limited New alerts:



Shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) opened at 145.18 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $143.27 and its 200 day moving average is $137.10. D/B/A Chubb Limited New has a 12 month low of $121.48 and a 12 month high of $148.32. The firm has a market cap of $67.79 billion, a PE ratio of 14.30 and a beta of 0.91. 




D/B/A Chubb Limited New (NYSE:CB) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $2.48 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.42 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $6.71 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.30 billion. D/B/A Chubb Limited New had a return on equity of 10.09% and a net margin of 14.88%. The company’s revenue was up 11.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $2.26 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that D/B/A Chubb Limited New will post $10.27 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be paid a $0.71 dividend. This is a positive change from D/B/A Chubb Limited New’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.69. This represents a $2.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.96%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 28th. D/B/A Chubb Limited New’s payout ratio is currently 28.01%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY Buys 6,943 Shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB)” was first published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/16/matrix-asset-advisors-inc-ny-has-12-22-million-position-in-dba-chubb-limited-new-cb-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts have commented on CB shares. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $153.00 target price on shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New in a research report on Wednesday. Citigroup Inc. upped their target price on shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New from $160.00 to $170.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday. Barclays PLC upped their target price on shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New from $155.00 to $159.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, July 3rd. Credit Suisse Group set a $145.00 target price on shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 25th. Finally, BidaskClub raised shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 17th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. D/B/A Chubb Limited New currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $150.88.
In other news, insider Paul J. Krump sold 14,563 shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $141.84, for a total value of $2,065,615.92. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 78,863 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $11,185,927.92. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CEO Evan G. Greenberg sold 13,804 shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New stock in a transaction dated Monday, June 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $145.39, for a total value of $2,006,963.56. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 1,351,207 shares in the company, valued at $196,451,985.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 166,786 shares of company stock worth $24,284,656 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 0.43% of the company’s stock. 
About D/B/A Chubb Limited New
Chubb Limited is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides a range of insurance and reinsurance products and services to clients around the world. Its segments include North America Commercial property and casualty (P&C) Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance and Life Insurance. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for D/B/A Chubb Limited New Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for D/B/A Chubb Limited New and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

































MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC
                    

HTTP://WWW.MATRIXASSETADVISORS.COM
•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Matrix Asset Advisors is based out of New York. Matrix Asset Advisors is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $763,949,000 (Form ADV from 2017-03-30).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $569,261,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 38.07%. Matrix Asset Advisors's largest holding is JPMorgan Chase & Co. with shares held of 314,979.  Matrix Asset Advisors has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 66 13F filings in our database for Matrix Asset Advisors. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


CVS
        
        CVS Caremark Corp
1.158%



PEP
        
        PepsiCo Inc.
0.481%



GOOG
        
        ALPHABET INC CAP ST...
0.474%



VIAB
        
        Viacom Inc. (New) C...
0.466%



CB
        
        Chubb Limited
0.295%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


TEVA
         
         Teva Pharmaceutical...
1.603%


SCHW
         
         Charles Schwab Corp
1.248%


MS
         
         Morgan Stanley
0.545%


SYMC
         
         Symantec Corp.
0.38%


MCD
         
         McDonalds Corp.
0.354%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


JPM
                                                  
                                                  JPMorgan Chase & Co.
4.8603%


WFC
                                                  
                                                  Wells Fargo & Co. (New)
4.6014%


MSFT
                                                  
                                                  Microsoft Corp.
4.1206%


ETN
                                                  
                                                  Eaton Corp.
4.051%


MET
                                                  
                                                  MetLife Inc.
3.979%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $569.261 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $590.231 Million
New Purchases1 stock
Additional Purchases23 stocks
Sold out of9 stocks
Reduced holdings in30 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %38.07%
Turnover %
                        [1]:14.93%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:8.98%
Time Held Top20:12.35 quarters
Time Held Top10:12.00 quarters
Time Held All:24.63 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-1.35%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
10.96%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-21








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-21
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2001 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2001 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2001 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2001 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted



View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC
 
747 THIRD AVENUE, 31ST FL


NEW YORK
NY
            
        10017
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          212-486-2004
Fax:
              212-486-1822


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm,Investment advisor to an investment company
      


Form of Organization:
Corporation 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
14


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.MATRIXASSETADVISORS.COM
HTTP://WWW.MATRIXADVISORSVALUEFUND.COM
HTTP://WWW.MATRIXADVISORSDIVIDENDFUND.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














matrix asset advisors inc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Asset Management - Get Results for Asset Management.



Ad
 ·
Asset-Management.Vibescaster.com



Get Results for Asset Management. Important Finance News, Info & More!





Save More



Finance Tips




Expert Advices



Think for the Future





Advisors Asset Management - Advisors Asset Management.



Ad
 ·
www.ask.com/​Advisors Asset Management



Search Advisors Asset Management.





Property Asset Management



Asset Management Company



West Asset Management




Reo Asset Managers



Global Asset Management



West Asset Management Inc





Advisors Asset Management - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Advisors Asset Management/​Now



Find Advisors Asset Management Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances





Searches related tomatrix asset advisors inc



matrix advisors new york


david katz matrix asset advisors


matrix advisors dick fuld


matrix advisors dividend fund



matrix advisors llc


matrix advisors value fund


matrix asset management


matrix new york




Web Results

Matrix Asset Advisors

www.matrixassetadvisors.com


747 Third Ave. 31st floor New York, NY 10017 800-366-6223 matrix@matrixassetadvisors.com



Bios



Dividend Income



Opportunistic Value



Dividend Growth



Advising Clients



Matrix Advisors Dividend Fund

matrixadvisorsdividendfund.com


Matrix Advisors Dividend Fund is available to U.S. investors only. ... NY 10017 800-366-6223 matrix@matrixassetadvisors.com . ... © 2016 Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc.


Matrix Advisors Value Fund

matrixadvisorsvaluefund.com


Managing stock profiles for a diverse clientele.


Matrix Asset Advisors Inc - Financial Services Firm, New ...

https://www.brightscope.com/.../firm/423028/Matrix-Asset-Advisors-Inc


Contact Matrix Asset Advisors Inc or view Matrix Asset Advisors Inc's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get detailed ...


Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY Buys 6,943 Shares of D/B/A ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/16/matrix-asset...


Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY boosted its position in shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New (NYSE:CB) by 8.4% during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Matrix Asset Advisors Inc 747 3rd Ave New York, NY ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../matrix-asset-advisors-inc-275115043


Get directions, reviews and information for Matrix Asset Advisors Inc in New York, NY.


MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC Top Holdings - WhaleWisdom

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/matrix-asset-advisors-inc-ny


Detailed Profile of MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc. - Best Investment Advisors

investment-advisors.credio.com/l/26471


Find details on Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, New York. View assets, client details, advisory activities, registration status, disclosures and more.


Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/people.asp?...


Get to know Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc. CEO & other corporate executives. Learn about the Board of Directors, Executive Committees and CEO compensation in this industry.










Asset Management - Get Results for Asset Management.



Ad
 ·
Asset-Management.Vibescaster.com



Get Results for Asset Management. Important Finance News, Info & More!





Save More



Finance Tips




Expert Advices



Think for the Future





Advisors Asset Management - Advisors Asset Management.



Ad
 ·
www.ask.com/​Advisors Asset Management



Search Advisors Asset Management.





Property Asset Management



Asset Management Company



West Asset Management




Reo Asset Managers



Global Asset Management



West Asset Management Inc





Advisors Asset Management - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Advisors Asset Management/​Now



Find Advisors Asset Management Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Searches related tomatrix asset advisors inc



matrix advisors new york


david katz matrix asset advisors


matrix advisors dick fuld


matrix advisors dividend fund



matrix advisors llc


matrix advisors value fund


matrix asset management


matrix new york




12345Next






Answers







Advisors Asset Management



Established in 1979, Advisors Asset Management, Inc. (AAM) has been a resource that provides investment products and portfolio support to...

more






Matrix Business Technologies



Matrix Telecom, Inc. operating as Matrix Business Technologies, Trinsic, Powered by Matrix, Excel Telecommunications and various other niche brands is...

more






Southeastern Asset Management, Inc.



Southeastern Asset Management is an employee-owned, global investment management firm founded in 1975 by O. Mason Hawkins and the investment advisor to...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













matrix asset advisors inc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Asset Management - Get Results for Asset Management.



Ad
 ·
Asset-Management.Vibescaster.com



Get Results for Asset Management. Important Finance News, Info & More!





Save More



Finance Tips




Expert Advices



Think for the Future





Reserve Study Advisors | ReserveAdvisors.com



Ad
 ·
www.ReserveAdvisors.com



Reserve studies for homeowner associations throughout the country.





Insurance Appraisals



Our Experience



Recent News




Defect Surveys



About Us



Reserve Study Definitions





Financial Advisors Inc - Financial Advisors Inc.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Financial Advisors Inc



Financial Advisors Inc. Want Quick Answers? Search Simpli!




Searches related tomatrix asset advisors inc



matrix advisors new york


david katz matrix asset advisors


matrix advisors dick fuld


matrix advisors dividend fund



matrix advisors llc


matrix advisors value fund


matrix asset management


matrix new york




Web Results

Matrix Asset Advisors

www.matrixassetadvisors.com


747 Third Ave. 31st floor New York, NY 10017 800-366-6223 matrix@matrixassetadvisors.com



Bios



Dividend Income



Opportunistic Value



Dividend Growth



Advising Clients



Matrix Advisors Dividend Fund

matrixadvisorsdividendfund.com


Matrix Advisors Dividend Fund is available to U.S. investors only. ... NY 10017 800-366-6223 matrix@matrixassetadvisors.com . ... © 2016 Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc.


Matrix Advisors Value Fund

matrixadvisorsvaluefund.com


Managing stock profiles for a diverse clientele.


Matrix Asset Advisors Inc - Financial Services Firm, New ...

https://www.brightscope.com/.../firm/423028/Matrix-Asset-Advisors-Inc


Contact Matrix Asset Advisors Inc or view Matrix Asset Advisors Inc's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get detailed ...


Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY Buys 6,943 Shares of D/B/A ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/16/matrix-asset...


Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY boosted its position in shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New (NYSE:CB) by 8.4% during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Matrix Asset Advisors Inc 747 3rd Ave New York, NY ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../matrix-asset-advisors-inc-275115043


Get directions, reviews and information for Matrix Asset Advisors Inc in New York, NY.


MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC Top Holdings - WhaleWisdom

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/matrix-asset-advisors-inc-ny


Detailed Profile of MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS INC portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc. - Best Investment Advisors

investment-advisors.credio.com/l/26471


Find details on Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, New York. View assets, client details, advisory activities, registration status, disclosures and more.


Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/people.asp?...


Get to know Matrix Asset Advisors, Inc. CEO & other corporate executives. Learn about the Board of Directors, Executive Committees and CEO compensation in this industry.










Asset Management - Get Results for Asset Management.



Ad
 ·
Asset-Management.Vibescaster.com



Get Results for Asset Management. Important Finance News, Info & More!





Save More



Finance Tips




Expert Advices



Think for the Future





Reserve Study Advisors | ReserveAdvisors.com



Ad
 ·
www.ReserveAdvisors.com



Reserve studies for homeowner associations throughout the country.





Insurance Appraisals



Our Experience



Recent News




Defect Surveys



About Us



Reserve Study Definitions





Financial Advisors Inc - Financial Advisors Inc.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Financial Advisors Inc



Financial Advisors Inc. Want Quick Answers? Search Simpli!



Searches related tomatrix asset advisors inc



matrix advisors new york


david katz matrix asset advisors


matrix advisors dick fuld


matrix advisors dividend fund



matrix advisors llc


matrix advisors value fund


matrix asset management


matrix new york




12345Next






Answers







Advisors Asset Management



Established in 1979, Advisors Asset Management, Inc. (AAM) has been a resource that provides investment products and portfolio support to...

more






Matrix Business Technologies



Matrix Telecom, Inc. operating as Matrix Business Technologies, Trinsic, Powered by Matrix, Excel Telecommunications and various other niche brands is...

more






Southeastern Asset Management, Inc.



Southeastern Asset Management is an employee-owned, global investment management firm founded in 1975 by O. Mason Hawkins and the investment advisor to...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








 

Matrix Asset Advisors | 



















































































  
  
  



 




 

Our Clients
Matrix Manages Money for Individuals, Families, Endowments, Foundations and Retirement Plans
(learn more)



 

Investing in Equities
Matrix Manages U.S. Equities in Three Different Value-Oriented Investment Styles(learn more)



 

Investing in Fixed Income
Matrix Manages U.S. Bond Portfolios Customized to the Individual Needs and Risk Tolerances of our Clients(learn more)



 

Matrix in the News
Matrix Investment Commentary, White Papers and Press(learn more)


 




 











 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


