





Matrix Analytics
















































 


















        
















Press enter to begin your search 








No menu assigned!












  







 





Sea change, or broad transformation, happens through dedication, execution, and the unshakable pursuit of excellence. 


 







  





Matrix Analytics is a collection of clinical and business experts aligned in the belief that conquering illness and disease requires data, creativity, and an unrelenting focus on Always Learning.




First in our sights: Lung Cancer.
LungDirect is Matrix Analytics’ initial software application solution. Through patient management and clinical outcomes, our learning algorithms can analyze big data to present real time clinical decision support. And we’re just getting started. Disease such as diabetes, asthma, and psychiatric disorders can all be positively impacted by our learning algorithms.












  





Our Team


  



Christine SprakerPresident






Akrum (Aki) AlzubaidiFounder & Chief Medical Officer






Brian CarlsonDirector Sales & BD






View Complete Team List >>>






  





News




Matrix Analytics, a Mark Cuban Company, Receives Colorado Innovation GrantDate: May 23, 20176 Startups Pitch to Payers & Providers at the 2016 Prime Health ChallengeDate: April 21, 2017Mark Cuban invests in Denver health-care software companyDate: March 26, 2017Dr. Akrum Al-Zubaidi Joins National Jewish HealthDate: November 15, 2016Prime Health’s high-tech challenge awards $150K to digital startupsDate: November 1, 2016

















  





Contact us



























				



















  Copyright 2016 Matrix Analytics, Inc. | Privacy Policy 



    










About Us
Our Team
News
Contact





 


 















Matrix Analytics, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 26, 2017 11:50 AM ET

Company Overview of Matrix Analytics, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Matrix Analytics, Inc. operates in the healthcare industry. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in Denver, Colorado.


3001 Brighton BoulevardSuite 770Denver, CO 80216United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 720-933-1124

www.lungdirect.com







Key Executives for Matrix Analytics, Inc.




Mr. Brett Petruzzi


      	Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Matrix Analytics, Inc. Key Developments

Matrix Analytics Receives Colorado Innovation Grant
May 19 17
Matrix Analytics is the recipient of a grant from the Colorado Office of Economic Developmentand International Trade. The grant will be used to obtain regulatory approval for the radiomic and prediction modules that will integrate into LungDirect, a software application currently used to optimize pulmonary nodule and lung cancer patient care.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Matrix Analytics, Inc., please visit www.lungdirect.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Matrix Analytics Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























matrix analytics inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Matrix Analytics, Inc. designs and develops software solutions. The Company offers data analytical software solutions. Matrix Analytics serves the health care sector in the State of Colorado.




Corporate Information
Address:

215 Ivanhoe Street
Denver, CO 80220
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.matrix-analytics.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Analytics – Digital Matrix Systems










































 

 


 













Analytics

CreditAnalyst  |  Attributes





HOME > PRODUCTS > ANALYTICS





QUANTIFY PERFORMANCE AND MANAGE RISK WITH ANALYTIC INSIGHTS
Effective risk management starts with accessing the right data at the right time, but the real power of data is revealed through products and services that assess the performance of decision data. Digital Matrix Systems understands that businesses that rely on decision data must implement a strategy that employs analytic tools that drive desired business outcomes.
DMS provides a full suite of advanced tools and techniques to improve risk-based analytics:

Data Gathering – assess and prevent poor quality data from entering into the model development process
Attributes – leverage DMS Summary Attributes™ for all stages, including origination, account management, and marketing; develop custom attributes with CreditAnalyst™
Modeling – develop models and scorecards that provide direct insight
Implementation – quick and accurate implementation of custom attributes
Monitoring – Decision Data Monitoring tool tracks attribute and score trends to identify data quality issues



Leverage the Power of Data
Learn more about our analytic offerings and the impact they can have on your business:

Attributes
Account Monitoring
Bureau Preference Analysis
Data Source Evaluation
FastTrack Modeling™
Merge Benefit Analysis
Scoring Models





The real power of data is revealed through products and services that assess the performance of decision data.




  

Corporate Headquarters Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.
15301 Spectrum Drive
2nd Floor
Addison, TX 75001

Phone: 972.341.0000
Toll Free: 800.367.1800
Corporate Sales 800.367.1800 (Option 1)
dmswebsales@dms.net
Customer Service 800.367.1880
(7am-7pm CST)
customerservice@dms.net
Accounting 800.367.1800 (Option 4)
accounting@dms.net

















Scroll to top






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Apple Inc Market Analysis

















 

















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 09:00 - 21:00 (BST)



























Apple Inc Market Analysis


 Print



 Reference this


APA

MLA

MLA-7

Harvard

Vancouver

Wikipedia




Published:

23rd March, 2015 
Last Edited:

30th June, 2017 

This essay has been submitted by a student. This is not an example of the work written by our professional essay writers.
Keywords: apple bcg matrix, apple ansoff matrix
According to Kotler "Marketing is not like Euclidean geometry, a fixed system of concepts and axioms. Rather, marketing is one of the most dynamic fields within the management arena. The marketplace continuously throws out fresh challenges, and companies must respond. Therefore, it is not surprising that new marketing ideas keep surfacing to meet the new marketplace challenges." (Varadarajan, 2009)
"Product, price, promotion and place are factors that, within limits, are capable of being influenced or controlled. Marketing strategy can be viewed as reflecting a marketing mix of these four elements." (O'Shaughnessey, 1984).
Market planning involves the logical sequence and a series of activities leading to the setting of marketing objectives and the formulation of plans for achieving them. Marketing tools are used in the realisation of market plans.
This paper aims to critically evaluate how Apple Inc could use some of the main strategic marketing tools (Product Life Cycle, Ansoff Matrix, Boston Matrix etc) to develop and manage its products and product portfolios. Some of the advantages and limitations observed will also be discussed.
1.1: BACKGROUND OF APPLE INC
Apple was founded in 1976 by Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs with the aim of providing user-friendly computers to a set of computer hobbyists (David, 2007; pg 2-3). The first computer they made had no keyboard or power supply and they were able to sell about 200 of such computers which they called Apple 1 (International directory of company history, 2001).
Later that year, they began working on Apple II with the intention of reaching a greater market segment. Apple II was a success and made more than $1 million in annual sales. Apple II stored information on cassette tapes and that made them very slow. Apple improved on this memory problem in 1979 with Apple II+ and made 400% more sales than that of the previous year. (International directory of company history, 2001)
Apple III was launched in 1980 to break into the office market dominated by IBM. However, the computer was released without adequate testing and many of its unit were defective. Production was stopped and the problem was fixed but Apple III was not as successful as Apple II in the market and it was discontinued in 1984. (International directory of company history, 2001)
The company forged ahead despite the failure of Apple III and released more than 40 software programs. It became the first personal computer to reach $1 billion in annual sales in 1982. (International directory of company history, 2001)
Steve Wozniak left Apple in 1983 and John Sculley was hired to be the Company president. Steve Jobs was eventually forced out of the company too. Apple turned down Microsoft's appeal for the license of their Macintosh operating system. Microsoft went on to develop DOS operating system which soon became the international operating standard for more than 90% of all personal computers in the world. (David, 2007; pg 2-3)
Apple experienced a lot of problems with poor management and failed products over the next couple of years and its financial losses reached a staggering $1 billion in 1997. Its share price fell from $70 in 1991 to $14 and its lost majority of its market share. (International directory of company history, 2001)
Steve Jobs returned as the CEO of Apple in 1998 and began making efforts to right all the wrongs that had been made over the years. He instantly forged a relationship with Microsoft which included the release of Macintosh's version of Microsoft's popular office software (David, 2007; pg 2-3). He went on to eliminate 15 of the company's 19 products (International directory of company history, 2001) as they were not making profits.
He introduced the iMac, a sleek and colourful computer in 1998 (David, 2007; pg 2-3). The iMac was a great success and Apple's annual sale for that year was $5.9 billion. They experienced continuous growth and their stock made a 140% increase to $99 by the end of 1999 (International directory of company history, 2001).
The iPod was introduced in 2001 and over 100million units has been sold. The iTunes online store was launched in 2003. It is a platform where people can download music and pay for it and it has gone on to become the biggest online music store recording more than 4 billion downloads. In January 2006, the Mac book Pro was launched (Anonymous, 2008).
In January, 2007, the iPhone and Apple TV were launched and Apple Computer Inc became Apple Inc to accommodate its wide range of products (Anonymous, 2008).
1.2: THE MARKETING MIX
According to Professor Peter Doyle, the selection of the target market and design of the marketing mix are the two key decisions that determine the success of a firm in a new market (Baker, 2007). Marketing comprises of a number of elements and the relationship/interdependencies between these elements is referred to as the marketing mix (Cartwright, 2002). The marketing mix is made up of four basic components that can be combined in a number of ways to achieve different end results (Baker, 2007) and these are Product, Place, People and Promotion. Only the product will be discussed in details for the purpose of this paper.
1.2.1: PRODUCT
A product has been defined as "tangible" in the past but we are at the age where that definition is no longer adequate as it does not completely capture the whole essence of a product. A product is defined as a combination of both tangible and intangible properties for the sole purpose of customer satisfaction (Baker, Marketing Strategy and Management, 2007). A product is more than just the food a customer eats at a restaurant; it includes all the services rendered such as convenience, speed, mobility etc (Cheverton, 2004).
1.3: THE PRODUCT LIFE CYCLE
A typical product goes through different stages in its life time and this is referred to as the product life cycle. This is illustrated with the diagram below:
 
INTRODUCTION: The introductory stage is crucial to the life of a product. It is advisable for companies to invest a lot of money into advertisement at this stage to ensure they are able to make sufficient impact upon entry into the market (Cartwright, 2002). The rate of growth and investment at this stage is inversely proportional (Cheverton, 2004).
GROWTH: There is a change in marketing strategy at this stage and the cost on advertising reduces as the customers are aware of the brand (Assael, 1985; Pg 308) resulting in a lot of market growth. A lot of sales are usually generated at this stage due to customer awareness. It is usually very good to be the first company to pass through successful unchartered water. However, as soon the success become obvious, other companies will wish to enter the market (Cartwright, 2002).
MATURITY: This is the most profitable stage. However, the product is capable of little or no further developments. An effective marketing mix is essential for survival at this stage as competition becomes stiff and competitors will do anything to survive in the market (Baker & Hart, Product Strategy and Management, 1999; Pg 97 - 100).
There are too many players in the market at this stage and it is imperative for organizations to come up with new products or improvement on existing products (Cartwright, 2002).
DECLINE: With decline in sales, impending death is inevitable and the company can either re-design the product or totally withdraw it (Assael, 1985; Pg 308).
1.3.1: ANALYSIS OF THE IPHONE FAMILY USING THE PRODUCT LIFE CYCLE
"Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything" these were the words of Steve Jobs at the launch of the iPhone in January, 2007. Jobs had noticed an opportunity in the mobile handset market two years prior and set Apple's Engineers in motion to develop the iPhone (Grossman, 2007) which was to save people the stress of carrying both an MP3 player and a phone and the cost of purchasing the two items.
The iPhone marked Apple's entrance into the mobile handset market. It combines the features of the iPod, smart phones and mobile computing into one device. The user interface is built around a new input technology called multi touch and the only physical button on the iPhone is the "home" key; every other feature is virtual (Honan, 2007).
INTRODUCTION: The build-up to the introduction of the iPhone was second to none. It generated over 69 million hits on Google prior to its launch (Koeppel, 2007). The popularity translated to huge sales and Apple reported selling more than one million iPhones within the first quarter (Financial Statements, 2007).
There were some mistakes with the marketing strategy for the iPhone and the obvious one was in the price slash just three months after its introduction (Vertygo Team, 2008). The early adopters were outraged but Steve Jobs made efforts to pacify them by offering $100 store credit that customers could use in purchasing at retail Apple stores or online (Mickalowski, Mickelson, & Keltgen, 2008).
GROWTH: Apple Inc introduced iPhone3G a little over a year after the first iPhone was launched. The iPhone 3G was compatible with 3G networks which translated into higher connection speed at half the price of the original iPhone, it promised better battery life and also included a built-in GPS (MacWorld, 2008). Iphone 3G was highly successful and Apple sold more than 11.6 million units of the handset (UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, 2008). The sale of the Iphone expanded beyond the US and the company had a target of reaching 70 countries before the end of 2008.
However, the contract with AT&T increased by more than 10% from the monthly charge of the previous model therefore, even though the iPhone3G was cheaper, customers will end up spending more over the two-year contract with AT&T (MacWorld, 2008).
June, 2009 marked the launch of yet another iPhone this time the iPhone3Gs. The features include: Hands free control, longer battery life. It also included the soft ware iPhone OS 3.0, a new software capable of a lot of functionalities such as copy and paste, MMS etc (Vertygo Team, 2008). It had larger memory capacities and was again cheaper than the previous model.
The product was well accepted by the market and Apple sold more than 20 million units of the iPhone and witnessed a growth of 78% from the previous year sale (UNITED STATES SECURITY AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, 2010).
In June 2010, the company again introduced a new iPhone; the iPhone 4. This included such features as face time (ability for callers to see each other while making phone calls provided they are both using the iPhone4), 5 mega Pixel camera etc. Building on the success of the previous iPhones, the fourth generation of the iPhone recorded an instant success upon its launch. The company declared more than 93% growth in its iPhone net and unit sales for the year ended September, 2010. This success was attributed in part to the huge demand on the iPhone 4 (UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, 2009).
ADVANTAGES OF THE PLC
The PLC helps organizations plan and make allowance for the eventualities of products. The realisation that every product will die if not improved or modified in some ways, help organizations work hard at constantly improving their products. This fact is not lost on Apple Inc and the company strives to constantly improve on its products or add new features to its existing products. Apple Inc is probably the company that understands the importance of the product lifecycle the most and they usually replace their own product with a new product while it's still in the growth stage (Average of a year after its launch). The strategy is commendable as it ensures that no competitor takes their position and their market share.
DISADVANTAGES OF THE PLC
A number of limitations were observed with the PLC and these are:
It has no time limits associated with the stages. Thereby making it difficult to estimate exactly what stage a product is in its lifecycle. For instance, in the case of the Apple Inc, the iPhone 3Gs was still enjoying a lot of sales and the introduction of the iPhone4 could have been delayed for a couple of months more to milk the sales of the iPhone 3Gs to the maximum.
It can cause a company to kill its own product prematurely because of the need to retain their position in the market. This could be seen in the case of the iPhone 3Gs; with the new iPhone 4, the decline of the iPhone 3Gs is imminent sooner rather than later.
Even though every product will decline eventually, the PLC does not take the effect of technology into consideration. The lifecycle of the iPhone could be extended by constant introduction of new applications.
Lastly, not every product goes through the stages in the life cycle as it is possible for products to go from introduction to decline etc.
1.4: RISK ANALYSIS USING THE ANSOFF MATRIX
The Ansoff Matrix is a strategic marketing tool that proposes ways in which organisations seeking growth can come up with a strategy that encompasses risk analysis, directional policy, portfolio management etc (Lancaster & Massingham, 1999); (CIM, 2003). The framework of this tool is shown below:
 
The cells (Strategies) in the matrix are:
MARKET PENETRATION: The market penetration strategy has the lowest risk involved and as such the easiest route to take. It involves expansion of sales in existing market and this can be achieved by expanding distribution channels, improving service performance, price slashes, increasing the frequency of usage etc (CIM, 2003); (Aaker & McLoughlin, 2007). The most important aim is for a company to increase their market share.
MARKET DEVELOPMENT: This is a strategy of growth based on entering new markets (countries) and targeting new segments (Aaker & McLoughlin, 2007).
PRODUCT DVELOPMENT: This strategy is based on developing new products for existing markets (Lancaster & Massingham, 1999).
DIVERSIFICATION: This is the most risky of all the strategies as it involves delving into a totally new market with a totally new product (WMG, 2010)
1.4.1: MANAGING APPLE INC PRODUCT PORTFOLIO USING THE ANSOFF MATRIX
MARKET PENETRATION: Although Apple Inc is doing a fantastic job with this strategy; there is still ample room for growth and this can be achieved using the increase in product usage approach (Aaker & McLoughlin, 2007). Apple could increase the iPhone usage by targeting the older people (50 years and above). They currently do not find the iPhone appealing because it lacks a keypad and as such, it will be difficult to use. A solution is to come up with an iPhone that combines all the current features of an iPhone with a keypad; an iPhone that displays a keypad when slid up might be a good place to start.
MARKET DEVELOPMENT: One of the strategies Apple Inc can adopt in increasing its growth is geographic expansion (Aaker & McLoughlin, 2007). There are still so many countries where the iPhone and iPad are not yet been sold. Acquiring more markets will translate to more sale and ultimately more market share.
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT: This involves line extensions, developing new products for existing markets, expanding product scope etc. (Aaker & McLoughlin, 2007). There is a huge problem usually encountered when using the Macintosh Computers to browse or download software as most vendors are not familiar with the operating system and this could be frustrating for users. It is important for Apple to bridge this technological gap by introducing a more compatible operating system and applications.
DIVERSIFICATION: From Computers to MP3 players to iPhones to iPad; Apple Inc knows all about diversification and it has worked for them. Even though it is the most risky of all the growth strategies, if successful, the ROI (return on investment) could be huge. Apple recently entered the tablet market and they own 95% of the market share within just 6months of launching the iPad.

ADVANTAGES OF THE ANSOFF MATRIX

The Ansoff Matrix is very useful in coming up with a growth strategy for an Organization. Apple Inc explores all the possible growth opportunities and it has helped in their growth and expansion. It has also pointed out areas where there is still room for growth and expansion.

LIMITATIONS OF THE ANSOFF MATRIX

The limitation observed with the Ansoff Matrix is similar to those observed with the other tools. The tool is not exhaustive enough to be used alone in coming to a marketing decision and as such for effective use, it should be used with other tools such as SWOT analysis, PEST analysis etc.
1.5: PRODUCT PORTFOLIO ANALYSIS USING THE BCG MATRIX
The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) matrix is a portfolio management tool that helps companies group their products based on the market growth and market share matrix (Kotler et al, 2008)as shown below:
 
The matrix is divided into four segments namely:
STARS: These are products with high market share in a high growth market. Their growth rate is rapid and hence, often requires a lot of investment. If market share is retained, they often grow into cash cows (Kotler et al, 2008).
QUESTION MARKS: These are products with low market share in a high growth market. They are also referred to as problem children. They usually require a lot of money to maintain or increase their market share. A company usually has two options with such products; invest a lot of money to grow them into stars or just phase out the product (Doyle & Stern, 2006).
CASH COWS: These are products with high market share in a low growth market. They usually require low investments to maintain their market shares and as such, they usually generate the resources required to maintain other products that require a lot of investment (Kotler et al, 2008) (Doyle & Stern, 2006).
DOGS: These are products with low market share in a slow growth market and they are usually unprofitable (Doyle & Stern, 2006). It is advisable to avoid or totally minimize the number of "Dogs" in a company's portfolio.
1.5.1: HOW APPLE INC COULD USE THE BCG TO MANAGE THEIR PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Apple has a range of products. The iPhone family and the iPad will be analysed using the BCG matrix.
STARS - iPhone 4& iPad
QUESTION MARKS - iPhone 3Gs
IPOD - Cash Cow
FIGURE 1.5.1: Apple Inc BCG Matrix
STARS: The iPhone 4 is currently the star product of the company as it experiences high market share in a high growth market (Mobile hand set market). The high market share it enjoys is largely due to the success of the previous models. It is very likely that the iPhone 4 will retain its market share for a while to come as there is currently no product in the market that combines all the features it has for the price it is available for.
Another product of the Apple Inc that falls under this category is the iPad. Even though it was just introduced in April 2010, it has enjoyed a passive sale of 7.5 million units already (UNITED STATES SECURITY AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, 2010) and the iPad accounted for 8% of the company's total net sales for 2010. According to Mintel reports, it owns more than 95% of the tablet market which shows that it enjoys high market share in a high growth market.
QUESTION MARKS: The iPhone3Gs has lost a huge part of its market share to the iPhone4 and as therefore become a question mark (albeit in the early stages!). It will generate some cash for the company for a while to come mainly because of the reduction in its price. However, with the new iPhone 4 it is unlikely to grow into a star again and it is advisable for the company to phase it out eventually.
CASH COWS: The iPod is the company's major cash cow. It has been around for a long time and enjoys huge market share. The growth in the market has reduced with a lot of gadgets that combine MP3 players with their other features. However, it requires little or no further advertisement as people are aware of it and will continue to buy it for a while to come. The resources generated from it can be used to fund other products in the portfolio.

ADVANTAGES OF THE BCG MATRIX

The major advantage of the BCG Matrix is that it helps companies determine their position in a market relative to their competitors. They can use the result from the analysis to determine what products to invest resources in and what products to phase out. For instance, knowing that the iPhone 3Gs has become a question mark will help the company focus more on the new iPhone4 and reduce the production and advertisement costs that would have been incurred on the iPhone3Gs. Also, the revenue realised from their cash cow (iPod) can be channelled to other products in their portfolio.

LIMITATIONS OF THE BCG MATRIX

However, there were some limitations observed with the tool.
The matrix views each product in a portfolio as independent from each other.
It is possible to have low market share in a high growth market (Question Mark) and still be profitable. This is seen in the case of the iPhone3. Even though it has lost its market leader position, it will serve more as a cash cow for the company for a while to come because it will continue to enjoy sales rather than instantly becoming a question mark.
The matrix judges the performance of products using only growth rate and market share. This is not sufficient as there are a number of other factors that determine the success of a product in a market such as the marketing mix etc. A major determinant in the case of Apple's iPhone is the AT&T. Customers are not happy with the quality of their network and even though Apple is making profits on the phone; they could be making more if they were with a more preferred network. Therefore, the choice of network provider also impacts on the performance of their products.
CONCLUSION
The business environment has become highly competitive and it is imperative for any company entering the market to develop a strategic plan based on analysis of the market, customer needs etc. It is often a wise choice for an organization to have multiple growth strategies for their various products and product portfolios.
Apple Inc Products and Product Portfolios have been analysed using the Product Lifecycle, Ansoff Matrix and BCG Matrix. Some advantages and limitations observed with the tools have been discussed and recommendations have been made in areas where there is still ample room for growth.
There is no stand-alone or all sufficient marketing tool and the full potential of a tool can only be realised when used with one or two other tools.
2.0: THE MARKETING GAME
The marketing game was about four companies vying for the number one position in a market that showed excellent room for growth and profit (word processing software). The aim of the game was to be the company that made the most profit after 5 financial years.
As four companies were competing for the market shares and profits, it was important for each company to understand the market, the competitors and the market trends and use this understanding to come up with a strategy that will set them apart from the remaining three if they were to make profit and ultimately win the game.
WORDSOFT3
Before any decision or strategy could be made, it was important to understand the different market segments and their unique needs and these are summarized below:
THE MODERN STUDENTS: This segment consists majorly of college students who are not keen on the technicalities of the software but on the price. For this category, economy is the most crucial factor.
THE HOME SCRIBBLERS: This segment consists of a mix of households who use the software for various purposes. This category of users prefers easy to use software and one which is not easily prone to errors. They are also a price-sensitive segment.
THE HARRIED TYPISTS: As frequent (not necessarily expert) users of the software, members of this category want software that is easy to learn and use. Price is not a major factor for this category as they are usually not in the position to make purchasing decisions.
THE PROFESSIONAL WRITERS: As professionals in their field, this segment's primary concern is for software that can save them time and affords them special commands for advanced auditing and formatting capabilities.
THE HIGH-TECH MANAGERS: Members of this segment are interested in the latest software and the number of capabilities they offer. They are motivated by social needs for status and esteem. Price is not of concern to this category of users.
THE CONCERNED PARENTS: This category of users wants easy to use software that children can learn themselves.
2.1: YEAR 1
In the first year, WordSoft3 targeted the students and home scribblers and the product 10, 4, 3 was manufactured. The 4P's of marketing (Price, Place, Promotion and Product) were employed in formulating the strategy for the first year. Emphasis was placed on Channel two since it was the channel students frequented more and as such fifteen salesmen were deployed to this channel against the five deployed to channel one. However, the retail price was erroneously set at £136, which was higher than that for channel one.
£200,000 was spent on promotion and pioneering advertisement was used to raise general awareness about the software market.
The Company did not fully utilize its budget and had money in excess at the end of the year. 30,000 units were requested however; only 20,716 units were sold out of the 24,000 units that were produced. Money was therefore lost on inventory transferred.
Some of the decisions made paid off and Wordsoft3 made a profit in excess of £500,000. However, this performance was dismal when compared to the performance of the other three companies and even though profit was made, the year ended on a sour note.
2.2: YEAR 2
The performance from the first year was analysed alongside the market research report and some errors made in the first year were highlighted as follows:
Promotion is key in marketing and the amount spent on advertisement was insufficient. This affected the overall performance relative to the other companies.
Sales performance was less than actual production hence, the company lost money for inventory transferred.
The product was not achieving the desired result in the targeted segments and it was therefore important to re-assess the various segments and manufacture a more needed product.
The price set for the channel two market was erroneously higher than that of channel one
After careful analysis, it was necessary to re-strategise if Wordsoft3 was to become a Company to be reckoned with. The first step was to reassess the marketing mix (Product, Price, Place and Promotion) and determine what market segment to target and generally try and improve on the performance of the previous year.
PRODUCT: It was obvious from the previous year performance that there was a need to manufacture a new product that will target a different segment of the market. It was decided that the typists and managers should be targeted since they made up 47% of the market and the new product 12, 6, 5 was manufactured to suit their needs.
PRICE: The retail price was set at £280 for Channel one since the majority of the target market shopped there and £240 for channel two to attract students, home and parents. Even though the product was not produced to meet the specifications of the later group, it was decided that they will compromise on product if the price was right.
PLACE: Fifteen more salesmen were employed and they were deployed on a ratio 20:15 to channels one and two respectively.
PROMOTION: Advertisement will help inform potential customers and there was a chance they will become customers therefore, a loan of £500,000 was taken from the bank and it was spent solely on advertisement. Indirect advertisement was employed.
The decisions made paid off and Wordsoft3 made the most sales and performed well in more segments than anticipated. It sold all the units produced and it became the market leader in four out of the six segments owning more than 25% of the market share and it doubled the profit made in the first year.
2.3: YEAR 3
By the third year, the rudiments of the market had been understood and the decisions for the third year were easier to make. Slight modification was made to the product to be more suited to managers but not enough to deter the typists and writers from purchasing. In addition, the prices were increased slightly from that of the previous year. Thirteen more salesmen were employed and they were distributed evenly between the two channels to increase awareness for the product in both channels and their commission was increased to 8% which was more than the average been paid in the market. The percentage non-selling time was set at 20:25 for channels one and two respectively, thereby raising more awareness for the brand with personal marketing. £43,000 was spent on sales promotion and £550,000 was spent on advertisement and direct advertisement was employed to reinforce Wordsoft3 as a market leader. The retail price was set at £289.77 for channel one and £259.46 for channel two.
At the end of the third year, Wordsoft3 made the most sales. It also went on to become the market leader in all the six segments, a feat that had not been achieved previously by any of the other companies. It owned more that 30% of the overall market share and made profit in excess of £2,000,000.
2.4: YEAR 4
By the fourth year, Wordsoft3 had been able to carve a niche for itself as a reputable and trusted brand. The ease of learning was slightly increased and the product 13, 6, 6 was manufactured. As a result of the volume of sales of the previous year, it was imperative to employ more salesmen. Eight more salesmen were employed and they were shared at the ratio 30:26 to channels one and two respectively. £500,000 was spent on indirect advertisement and £14,000 was spent on sales promotion.
Wordsoft3 maintained its lead at the end of the third year, selling more than 70,000 units. It made profits of over £3million and owned more than 35% of the market share.
2.5: YEAR 5
For the fifth year, the price for the products was reduced to attract more consumers since the product has been in the market for a number of years and market research showed that it might be getting to its saturation stage in the product lifecycle. The price was therefore set at £279.85 and £250.36 for channels one and two respectively. £500,000 was spent on advertisement and £43,000 was spent on sales promotion.
The game ended on a very happy note for Wordsoft3 and they totalled a cumulative profit of over £10million and maintained the market leader position and market share of over 30%.
LESSONS LEARNT
In retrospect, the failure at the end of the first year was the launching pad for the success of Wordsoft3. It was evident that they needed to re-assess their strategy and determine whether it was strong enough to help them achieve their vision of being the market leader and the company with the most profit after the fifth financial year. They realised the need to better understand the market. The market research gave them the insight they needed to identify possible market opportunities and to focus their resources on it.
More money could have been spent on advertisement in the first year.
Marketing is all about taking risks. Wordsoft3 was initially wary of taking loans but once it did, that helped in focusing its resources on what was important and in this case; advertisement.
The importance of market research cannot be over emphasized. This was evident in the case of W P 2, they did not request for market research and were therefore unable to conduct a proper analysis of the market and know where to channel their resources. This resulted in their loss in the game.
Finally, having the most market share does not usually translate into making the most profit and when it comes to marketing, cheaper is not always better.
THE DECISION THAT HAD THE MOST IMPACT ON THE OUTCOME
The decision that had the most impact was the decision to target typists and managers but at the same time making the price cheap enough for students, home and parents to be able to afford. This decision was responsible principally for the success of Wordsoft3 throughout the years. Another critical decision was the choice to invest a lot of money in advertisement and sales promotion. Emphasis was also laid on salesmen and the Wordsoft3 paid more than the average commission rate in the market throughout the five years under analysis. A combination of these decisions was responsible for the success of Wordsoft3. 





Request Removal
If you are the original writer of this essay and no longer wish to have the essay published on the UK Essays website then please click on the link below to request removal:




 Request the removal of this essay


More from UK Essays

Marketing Essay Writing Service
Essays
More Marketing Essays
Examples of Our Work
Marketing Dissertation Examples


Interested in ordering?


















Essays | Repository of Free Essays











 

















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 09:00 - 21:00 (BST)


























Essays





What are you looking for?

 Customers rate UKEssays  86% Based on 213 reviews.  Read the latest reviews




Free Essays


Our Writing Services

Essay Writing Service
Assignment Writing Service
Coursework Writing Service
View All Our Writing Services





Essay Categories


AAccounting469America14Animation30Anthropology99Archaeology24Architecture152Arts175Australian3Aviation19BBanking28Beauty Therapy22Biology1,850Business4,395Business Strategy89CChemistry127Childcare71Classics19Commerce1,265Communications124Computer Science587Construction658Criminology1,042Cultural Studies760DData Analysis15Design21Drama45EEcommerce22Economics4,110Education2,669Employment47Engineering890English71English Language1,537English Literature4,332Environment46Environmental Sciences955Environmental Studies126Estate Management13European Studies31FFamily15Fashion72Film Studies730Finance485Foreign Language13French22GGeneral Studies123Geography79German6HHealth339Health and Social Care681History3,024Hospitality9Housing16Human Resources82Human Rights94IIndia17Information Systems140Information Technology2,021International Business46International Relations108International Studies87Internet27It Research36JJournalism38LLanguages32Law252Leadership65Leisure Management5Linguistics39Literature47MManagement4,318Marketing8,132Mathematics65Mechanics10Media1,080Medical73Military14Motivation14Music178NNursing2,039Nutrition11OOrganisations33PPersonal Development35Philosophy1,921Photography46Physical Education213Physics32Physiology46Politics1,450Project Management91Property29Psychology3,075RReligion583Retail20SSciences163Security18Social Policy101Social Work988Society25Sociology1,762Spanish22Sports96Statistics38TTeaching68Technology32Theatre33Theology251Tourism1,502Translation11Transportation11UUncategorised85VVideo Games10YYoung People410 
















Marketing Essays | Free Essays on Marketing






 




 

















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 09:00 - 21:00 (BST)























Marketing Essays

Search to find a specific marketing essay:









 Back to Essays Index



Strategic Marketing Management - Sainsburys
 
Introduction
J Sainsbury plc is a huge UK based food retailer with interest in financial services. Its chain of supermarkets has survived the challenges of competitive...



13 Pages (4,841 Words) - Last Modified:
24th July, 2017




Essay on Maggi
Background - Maggi Noodles
"In the last 20 years we have Just asked 2 minutes of your time". The Brand which clearly comes to mind on...



4 Pages (1,599 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




IKEA Franchising Strategy
IKEA is an international home furniture company that selling the wide ranges of well-designed and functional products which packed in form of ready-to-assemble. According to...



10 Pages (3,983 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Power of Advertising Essay
Advertising is a form of communication intended to influence an audience to buy or take some action upon products, services or ideals. It includes the...



7 Pages (2,520 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Communication in Banking Sector
Developing a proper communication strategy in a banking sector must be built in the context of the customers expectations. In the current time, banking organizations...



4 Pages (1,542 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




CSR in the Fast Food Industry
All organizations have different devinitions between CSR (corporate social responsibility Coporation), but significant similarity with them.Â Mallen Baker on the "definition of CSR is that" as...



7 Pages (2,751 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Apple Competitive Advantage Case Study
"A competitive advantage is an advantage over competitors gained by offering consumers greater value, either by means of lower prices or by providing greater benefits...



3 Pages (981 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Theories of Consumer Decision Making
The concept of consumer buying behaviour is not new, it has been discovered ages ago .The current marketing strategies focuses on consumers buying behaviour. The...



11 Pages (4,118 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Niche Market vs Mainstream Market
A niche market is a focused, targetable portion of a market. Niche markets tend to be small but well defined and specific segments of the...



8 Pages (3,025 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Influence of Culture on Multinational Companies
Abstract
This report provides with the evidence for deriving the analysis on the cultural influence on the multinational corporations while dealing with the cross-national markets. On...



6 Pages (2,167 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Emirates Airways Customer Perception
For this project, we have used both primary and secondary data. As part of our primary data, a survey questionnaire was created and handed out...



17 Pages (6,594 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Four Seasons Competitive Advantage
The firm creates value by performing a series of activities that Porter identified as the value chain. To achieve a competitive advantage, Four Seasons must...



6 Pages (2,282 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Starbucks Micro and Macro Environment
For any organisation survival depends on its surrounding environment located. It means the trends in political, economical, social, technological, environmental and legal environment, which can...



6 Pages (2,248 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Rolex Company Analysis
This report is about the research on a premium product brand on the market. The premium product out team agrees to choose is the Rolex...



6 Pages (2,071 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Benefits of Brand Positioning
Positioning is what you stand for in the mind of the market. Brand positioning is a strategic approach to establishing a sustainable competitive advantage. Achieving...



3 Pages (1,126 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Cadbury Business Analysis
Cadbury, a brand well known and loved by millions around the world, had a very humble beginning. It began with the opening of a grocer's...



8 Pages (2,822 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Nokia Strategic Plan
In this project I have covered various topics of marketing which are strategic planning, strategic planning process, the domestic strategic planning while the international strategic...



8 Pages (2,908 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Tesco Value Proposition
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report was to critically evaluate the value proposition of Tesco Plc to its customers. Given information about the target customers of...



5 Pages (1,765 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Vodafone Strategy Analysis
Jump to: Vodafone Business Strategy | Internal and External Analysis | Strategy Evaluation | Strategy Implementation | Conclusion
1.0 INTRODUCTION
This report...



13 Pages (4,831 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Marks and Spencer Internal and External Factors
Analysts did not expect there to be a "double-dip" recession first, but changes in consumer spending trends raised concerns for keeping a keen eye on...



6 Pages (2,111 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Valchromat Pros and Cons
This is our report on our exploration of a manufactured board known as Valchromat. Valchromat is a unique and high quality wood fibre board that...



7 Pages (2,417 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




IKEA Competitive Positioning
This report critically analyses the competitive position of IKEA which has led to its success and failures over the past five decades. IKEA has been...



8 Pages (2,982 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Cadbury Strategic Analysis
The individual report assesses the critical aspects of the strategic choices available to Cadbury. Recommendations are given to assess the company's perspectives on the revenue...



9 Pages (3,427 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Lush Company Structure
As an entrepreneurial venture, Lush company is acknowledged as the successful cosmetic retailer which is created by Mark and Mo Constantine in Poole, Dorset, United...



6 Pages (2,095 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Knorr Soup Marketing Analysis
Knorr product is sold in 87 countries their punch line is 'Good Food Matters 'only soup in India which has 18%growth.It holds a majority of...



4 Pages (1,554 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Tropicana Marketing Strategy
Not many people know about the benefits of drinking juices. The core marketing strategy should be to make people aware the benefits and additional advantages...



3 Pages (1,148 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Shampoo Market Analysis
The shampoo market is one of the fastest moving and innovative sectors of the FMCG market. It represents 35 of the EU hair-care market and...



8 Pages (3,122 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




SWOT Analysis Manchester United
Introduction
The football industry in United Kingdom is booming and outwardly been successful in the past years. The research and strategic planing will be based on...



6 Pages (2,060 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




ZARA SWOT and Competitor Analysis
In this age of advanced media and technology, where customers are flooded with marketing messages all the time, it is very hard for the businesses...



11 Pages (4,229 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Adidas Product Life Cycle
The product life cycle concept may apply to our product, Adidas Deep Energy Deodorant. The product life cycle concept helps our marketing managers to plan...



3 Pages (1,015 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Louis Vuitton Expansion Strategy
Operating in 59 countries, Louis Vuitton is the largest global luxury brand in the world. It is a member of the Louis Vuitton Mo&euml;t Hennessy...



5 Pages (1,860 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Customer Relationship Management of Coca Cola
Customer relationship management is managing the interactions between theÂ customers, clients ,sales prospects and the company. CRM needs technology to organise sales activities, marketing, technical support...



6 Pages (2,337 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Britannia Industries Problems
Britannia begins with the business producing electricity. Britannia mechanized its operations, and in 1921, it became the first company in Asia using imported gas ovens....



10 Pages (3,608 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




McDonald's Global Expansion
Companies all over the globe are looking for expansion and ways of entering new markets which are profitable through different entry modes (Deresky, 2006). Managers...



6 Pages (2,191 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Types of Personal Selling
It is used as visualized, when you see a printed or sound based advertisement, you can remember those advertisement for long in your mind.
E.g.: Print...



6 Pages (2,152 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017

















Boston Matrix and Product Portfolios | tutor2u Business    















tutor2u












Our Subjects



Specialist Channels









Homepage
Our Subjects
Business
Economics
English
Geography
History
Law
Maths
PE
Politics
Psychology
Sociology
Religious Studies
Specialist Channels
The Professional Teacher
Beyond the Bike
Events
Job Board
Shop
Company
Support









Business

Explore Business
Search





Go















Business
Reference library






Business
Explore
Overview
What's new
Topics
Watch now
Blog
Reference Library
Collections
Shop
Events
Jobs










Study notes
Boston Matrix and Product Portfolios

Levels: GCSE, AS, A Level
Exam boards:  AQA, Edexcel, OCR, IB, Other



Print page


Share:
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Linkedin
Share on Google
Share by email






What is the Boston Matrix?  It is a model which helps businesses analyse their portfolio of businesses and brands.


Check out our Business Models and Theories Video Playlist






Marketing: The Boston Matrix






A business with a range of products has a portfolio of products. However, owning a product portfolio poses a problem for a business. It must decide how to allocate investment (e.g. in product development, promotion) across the portfolio.
What is the Boston Matrix?
A portfolio of products can be analysed using the Boston Group Consulting Matrix.  This categorises the products into one of four different areas, based on:
Market share – does the product being sold have a low or high market share?Market growth – are the numbers of potential customers in the market growing or notHow the Boston Matrix is Constructed
The Boston Matrix makes a series of key assumptions:
Market share can be gained by investment in marketingMarket share gains will always generate cash surplusesCash surpluses will be generated when the product is in the maturity stage of the life cycleThe best opportunity to build a dominant market position is during the growth phaseHow does the Boston Matrix work? 
 The four categories can be described as follows:
Stars are high growth products competing in markets where they are strong compared with the competition. Often Stars need heavy investment to sustain growth. Eventually growth will slow and, assuming they keep their market share, Stars will become Cash CowsCash cows are low-growth products with a high market share. These are mature, successful products with relatively little need for investment. They need to be managed for continued profit - so that they continue to generate the strong cash flows that the company needs for its StarsQuestion marks are products with low market share operating in high growth markets. This suggests that they have potential, but may need substantial investment to grow market share at the expense of larger competitors. Management have to think hard about “Question Marks" - which ones should they invest in? Which ones should they allow to fail or shrink?Unsurprisingly, the term “dogs" refers to products that have a low market share in unattractive, low-growth markets. Dogs may generate enough cash to break-even, but they are rarely, if ever, worth investing in.  Dogs are usually sold or closed.Ideally a business would prefer products in all categories (apart from Dogs!) to give it a balanced portfolio of products.





The main values of using the Boston Matrix include:
A useful tool for analysing product portfolio decisionsBut it is only a snapshot of the current positionHas little or no predictive valueDoes not take account of environmental factorsThere are flaws which flow from the assumptions on which the matrix is basedHowever, the model can be criticised in several ways:
Market growth is an inadequate measure of a market's attractivenessMarket share is an adequate measure of a products ability to generate cashThe focus on market share and market growth ignores issues such as developing a sustainable competitiveadvantagesThe product life cycle varies





If you would like to learn more about this topic then have a look at out key topic video!




Subscribe to email updates from tutor2u Business
Join 1000s of fellow Business teachers and students all getting the tutor2u Business team's latest resources and support delivered fresh in their inbox every morning.







Subscribe




                            Thanks. You're now subscribed to receive email updates!
                        


You can also follow @tutor2uBusiness on Twitter, subscribe to our YouTube channel, or join our popular Facebook Groups.




Job board


PE Senior Editor
tutor2u , Home based







Print page


Share:
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Linkedin
Share on Google
Share by email







                Business
            



                Study notes
            


Boston Matrix


Product portfolio




Jim Riley



Jim co-founded tutor2u alongside his twin brother Geoff!  Jim is a well-known Business writer and presenter as well as being one of the UK's leading educational technology entrepreneurs.






Your Might Also Like









Business Models & Theories in Your Pocket
Learning Activities










Boston Matrix Revision Quiz
Revision quizzes










The Boston Matrix
Student videos










Marketing: Product Portfolios & Boston Matrix (GCSE)
Study notes










Product Groups
Study notes










Marketing Mix: Product (Revision Presentation)
Study presentations










Ansoff Matrix
Study notes










Marketing Strategy: An Introduction to Product Portfolios
Study presentations









From the Blog









Christmas cheer for gin distillers
17th December 2016










Kellogg's Cereal Sales aren't Grrrrreat
1st November 2016










The-Half-Term-Business-Studies-News-Round-Up
30th October 2016










Greggs - Scone, but not forgotten!
22nd October 2016










Edexcel A Level Business 12 mark Homework Activities - Free Resource Download
25th August 2016










Alphabet Ditches a (Robot) Dog from its Business Portfolio
21st March 2016










Product Life Cycle - iPod Declines from Table to Shelf
20th August 2015










Brand Portfolios - Who are VF Corp?
17th August 2015










Corporate Change at Google – as Simple as ABC
11th August 2015










Apple - Perfect timing for teaching so many things...
10th September 2014












Samsung: Boston Matrix, Culture and Dividend Yield
18th January 2014





Show more




More Study notes









Balanced Scorecard (Kaplan & Norton)
Study notes










Models of Change Management - Lewin's Force Field Model
Study notes










Core Competencies
Study notes










Internal and External Influences on Marketing Objectives
Study notes










Marketing Objectives (Introduction)
Study notes










Marketing Objectives and their Support of Business Objectives
Study notes










Stakeholder Conflict
Study notes










Stakeholders (Introduction)
Study notes










Stakeholder Mapping
Study notes










Influences on Decision Making
Study notes





All Study notes ›












Exam Workshops for Students
A Level Business Strong Foundations Workshops








    The A Level Business Strong Foundations workshops are designed to support all Year 13 A Level Business students as they complete the fourth term of their two-year linear course.

Learn more ›


A Level Business Strong Foundations Workshops





CPD for Teachers
Fast-track your Preparation for the BTEC National Level 3 Business Qualification (2016)








    This resource-packed course is the perfect way to get your teaching of the new specification BTEC National Level 3 Business off to a flying start!

Learn more ›


Fast-track your Preparation for the BTEC National Level 3 Business Qualification (2016)







Popular Content







8



Edexcel Paper 3 (2017) - UK Health & Fitness Industry
Collections








11



Revision Videos - Business Maths
Collections








8



GCSE Business Exam Technique Advice
Collections








7



The Biz Quiz
Collections








3



Quantitative Skills in A Level Business Webinar Recordings
Collections














                                            Topic Teaching Resources
                                    

Big Macs Decision (Decision Trees)








    Michael McDonald (Mac) wants increase revenue. Should he increase his advertising or launch a new type of burger, the Magic Mac. He has decided to use a decision tree to...

£5.00 (+VAT)



Big Macs Decision (Decision Trees)






                                            Lesson Worksheets and Case Studies
                                    

Edexcel A Level Business (Year 2) Calculation Practice Sheets








    Superb series of worksheets specifically designed to help students practice the quantitative skills element of the Year 2 teaching content for Edexcel A Level Business.

£50.00 (+VAT)



Edexcel A Level Business (Year 2) Calculation Practice Sheets



More premium resources ›






Teaching Vacancies







​PE Author/Contributor – digital and print resources

tutor2u, Home based








 PE CPD Contributor

tutor2u, Home based








Teacher of Secondary English Language and Literature
9 days left to apply

The English International School of Padua, Padova, Italy








PE Senior Editor

tutor2u , Home based





Browse all jobs ›












Recruitment


Advertise your vacancies with tutor2u








Much cheaper & more effective than TES or the Guardian. Reach the audience you really want to apply for your teaching vacancy by posting directly to our website and related social media audiences.
Find our more ›


Advertise your teaching jobs with tutor2u












Subjects

› Business
› Economics
› English
› Geography
› History
› Law
› Maths
› PE
› Politics
› Psychology
› Religious Studies
› Sociology



Company

› About us
› News
› Legal
› Support



Contact


                            Boston House,
                            214 High Street,
                            Boston Spa,
                            West Yorkshire,
                            LS23 6AD
                        

                            Tel: +44 0844 800 0085
                            Fax: +44 01937 842110
                        




Follow us

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube



Partners

Nexcess
VUE Cinemas










We’re proud to sponsor TABS Cricket Club, Harrogate Town AFC and the Wetherby Junior Cricket League as part of our commitment to invest in the local community


Company Reg no: 04489574 | VAT reg no 816865400
© Copyright 2015 | Your privacy | Cookies | Terms of use 
Back to top








A New Home for tutor2u Resources

×




We've just flicked the switch on moving all our digital resources to instant digital download - via our new subject stores.
For every subject you can now access each digital resource as soon as it is ordered. This will always be the latest edition of each resource too (and we'll update you automatically if there is an upgraded version to use).
Simply add the required resources to your cart, checkout using the usual options and your resources will be available to access immediately via your mytutor2u account.



Our Subject Stores
Business
Economics
English Coming soon!
Geography
History Coming soon!
Law Coming soon!
Maths
Politics
Psychology
Sociology
Religious Studies Coming soon!
Specialist Channels
The Professional Teacher
















 Decision Matrix Analysis - Decision-Making Skills from MindTools.com































































                                    Try our Club for just $1!                                 


Login


Follow





Facebook






Twitter






LinkedIn






RSS




 













By the Mind Tools Editorial Team
By the Mind Tools Editorial Team






×
The Mind Tools Editorial Team




 
James Manktelow

 

 
Elizabeth Eyre

 

 
Keith Jackson

 

 
Liz Cook

 

 
Steven Edwards

 

 
Lucy Bishop

 

 
Ed Pearcey

 

 
Ian Moss

 







(39)           39 ratings

Decision Matrix Analysis
Making a Decision by Weighing Up Different Factors
(Also known as Grid Analysis, Pugh Matrix Analysis, and Multi-Attribute Utility Theory)
 
Imagine that your boss has put you in charge of taking on a new outsourced IT supplier. You've already identified several different suppliers, and you now need to decide which one to use.
You could decide to go with the low-cost option. But you don't want to make your decision on cost alone – factors such as contract length, underlying technology, and service levels need to be taken into consideration. So how can you make sure you make the best decision, while taking all of these different factors into account?
Decision Matrix Analysis is a useful technique to use for making a decision. It's particularly powerful where you have a number of good alternatives to choose from, and many different factors to take into account. This makes it a great technique to use in almost any important decision where there isn't a clear and obvious preferred option.
Being able to use Decision Matrix Analysis means that you can take decisions confidently and rationally, at a time when other people might be struggling to make a decision. 
Watch this video to discover how you can use the Decision Matrix Analysis to make better decisions.

How to Use the Tool
Decision Matrix Analysis works by getting you to list your options as rows on a table, and the factors you need consider as columns. You then score each option/factor combination, weight this score by the relative importance of the factor, and add these scores up to give an overall score for each option.
While this sounds complex, this technique is actually quite easy to use. Here's a step-by-step guide with an example. Start by downloading our  free worksheet. Then work through these steps.
Step 1
List all of your options as the row labels on the table, and list the factors that you need to consider as the column headings. For example, if you were buying a new laptop, factors to consider might be cost, dimensions, and hard disk size.
Step 2
Next, work your way down the columns of your table, scoring each option for each of the factors in your decision. Score each option from 0 (poor) to 5 (very good). Note that you do not have to have a different score for each option – if none of them are good for a particular factor in your decision, then all options should score 0.
Step 3
The next step is to work out the relative importance of the factors in your decision. Show these as numbers from, say, 0 to 5, where 0 means that the factor is absolutely unimportant in the final decision, and 5 means that it is very important. (It's perfectly acceptable to have factors with the same importance.)

Tip:
These values may be obvious. If they are not, then use a technique such as Paired Comparison Analysis

 to estimate them.

Step 4
Now multiply each of your scores from step 2 by the values for relative importance of the factor that you calculated in step 3. This will give you weighted scores for each option/factor combination.
Step 5
Finally, add up these weighted scores for each of your options. The option that scores the highest wins!

Tip:
If your intuition tells you that the top scoring option isn’t the best one, then reflect on the scores and weightings that you’ve applied. This may be a sign that certain factors are more important to you than you initially thought.
Also, if an option scores very poorly for a factor, decide whether this rules it out altogether.

Example
A caterer needs to find a new supplier for his basic ingredients. He has four options.




Finding This Article Useful?
You can learn another 53 decision-making skills, like this, by joining the Mind Tools Club.
Join the Mind Tools Club Today!





























Get the Free Newsletter
Learn new career skills every week, and get our Personal Development Plan Workbook FREE when you subscribe.




 















Privacy Policy











Factors that he wants to consider are:

Cost.
Quality.
Location.
Reliability.
Payment options.

Firstly he draws up the table shown in Figure 1, and scores each option by how well it satisfies each factor:
Figure 1: Example Decision Matrix Analysis Showing Unweighted Assessment of How Each Supplier Satisfies Each Factor



Factors:
Cost
Quality
Location
Reliability
Payment Options
Total




Weights:
 
 
 
 
 
 


Supplier 1
1
0
0
1
3
 


Supplier 2
0
3
2
2
1
 


Supplier 3
2
2
1
3
0
 


Supplier 4
2
3
3
3
0
 



Next he decides the relative weights for each of the factors. He multiplies these by the scores already entered, and totals them. This is shown in Figure 2:
Figure 2: Example Decision Matrix Analysis Showing Weighted Assessment of How Each Supplier Satisfies Each Factor



Factors:
Cost
Quality
Location
Reliability
Payment Options
Total




Weights:
4
5
1
2
3
 


Supplier 1
4
0
0
2
9
15


Supplier 2
0
15
2
4
3
24


Supplier 3
8
10
1
6
0
25


Supplier 4
8
15
3
6
0
32



This makes it clear to the caterer that Supplier 4 is the best option, despite the lack of flexibility of its payment options.

Key Points
Decision Matrix Analysis helps you to decide between several options, where you need to take many different factors into account.
To use the tool, lay out your options as rows on a table. Set up the columns to show the factors you need to consider. Score each choice for each factor using numbers from 0 (poor) to 5 (very good), and then allocate weights to show the importance of each of these factors.
Multiply each score by the weight of the factor, to show its contribution to the overall selection. Finally add up the total scores for each option. The highest scoring option will be the best option.

Note:
Decision Matrix Analysis is the simplest form of Multiple Criteria Decision Analysis (MCDA), also known as Multiple Criteria Decision Aid or Multiple Criteria Decision Management (MCDM). Sophisticated MCDA can involve highly complex modelling of different potential scenarios, using advanced mathematics.
A lot of business decision making, however, is based on approximate or subjective data. Where this is the case, Decision Matrix Analysis may be all that’s needed.
Download Worksheet
 

This site teaches you the skills you need for a happy and successful career; and this is just one of many
            tools and resources that you'll find here at Mind Tools. Subscribe to our
            free newsletter, or
            join the Mind Tools Club and really supercharge your career!
        





Add this article to My Learning Plan


Mark article as Complete



 Rate this resource   


Show RatingsHide RatingsRatings




Team-Building Activities Toolkit Offer!
Get a FREE copy of our Team-Building Activities Toolkit, when you sign-up for a month's trial of the Mind Tools Club before midnight, July 28.
Find Out More








Join the Mind Tools Club 
Sign up for our FREE newsletter 
 








Comments (11)











Over a month ago
Midgie wrote

Hi joemag,
Thanks for your feedback.

Midgie
Mind Tools Team







Over a month ago
joemag wrote

This example isn't great really - it shows you that the result both pre and post weighting were basically the same.







Over a month ago
Yolande wrote

Hi annegr

I will get back to you shortly. Please keep an eye on your Mind Tools private message inbox. 

Yolande
Mind Tools Team


 
View All Comments


Previous Article
Next Article













Get the Free Newsletter



Learn new career skills every week, and get our Personal Development Plan Workbook FREE when you subscribe.

 

 















Privacy Policy













Get the Free Newsletter
Learn new career skills every week, and get our Personal Development Plan Workbook FREE when you subscribe.




 















Privacy Policy










 







Team-Building Activities Toolkit Offer!
Get a FREE copy of our Team-Building Activities Toolkit, when you sign-up for a month's trial before midnight, July 28.

Find Out More


1 Day to Go!








Learning at Work Is No Longer an 
Integrate more than 2,400 Mind Tools resources with your company systems and learning environments.

Find Out More 


1 Day to Go!






Related Resources
From Mind Tools


How Good Is Your Decision Making?






Your Views
Provide Your Feedback


What Bugs You
Let us know your suggestions or any bugs on the site, and you could win a  $50  Amazon voucher!
Click here to tell us.



Sponsored Links












My Learning Plan
            




Add Article to My Plan
            

Save My Plan
            

Recently Added
{{latestItems.length}}




{{item.rm_title_short}}
{{item.pgr_name}}








My Learning Plan Page


Find Out More



 














Processing



Please wait...


















Analytics | MatrixCare







































































Demo Request
Client Login


Client Login


Contact Us


Demo Request

























MatrixCare Analytics






 






 












 


An Easy-to-Use, Configurable Solution
To help you more effectively manage and grow your business, MatrixCare offers a powerful and flexible suite of analytics products.
You have the flexibility to choose what works best for you. Our analytics solution provides you with a base set of content that you can expand to meet your own needs. Both offer you actionable information to meet your unique needs and help you succeed.


 




 



Benefits of MatrixCare MyAnalytics and MatrixCare MyData









			Better Insights		

Gain insights from rich business intelligence








			Increased Flexibility		

Monitor relevant data through crisp, informative dashboards or by building your own custom reports








			Improved Efficiency		

Better leverage your information technology resources and software investments








			Enhanced Integration		

Combine data from MatrixCare into existing data warehouses








			Greater Access		

Deploy dashboards and reports on any mobile device for informed decision-making on the fly


 




 



Analytics Brochures







 



								MatrixCare Corporate Brochure							





 



								Analytics							



 








 Featured Products for Enterprise
MatrixCare Analytics
MatrixCare Clinical Decision Support
Connections Interoperability Program








Drive better outcomes, request a personalized demo of MatrixCare.


Request a Demo







				© 2017 MatrixCare is a registered trademark of MatrixCare. All rights reserved.			












 




















Healthcare Solutions > Enterprise Products | MatrixCare







































































Demo Request
Client Login


Client Login


Contact Us


Demo Request

























Featured Products for Enterprise









 


MatrixCare Analytics
Analyze data to drive strategic and operational decisions and achieve better organizational outcomes, at the care setting, facility and enterprise level.


 
Learn More






MatrixCare Clinical Decision Support
MatrixCare Clinical Coach drives better resident outcomes by facilitating the use of evidence-based practices at the point of care.


 
Learn More






Connections Interoperability Program
An innovative program that formally certifies the interoperability between MatrixCare and third-party systems.


 
Learn More



 











Drive better outcomes, request a personalized demo of MatrixCare.


Request a Demo







				© 2017 MatrixCare is a registered trademark of MatrixCare. All rights reserved.			












 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Analytics : Social Innovation : Hitachi




















Skip to main content




Search

U.S.A.

Hitachi GroupProducts & Services
Hitachi GroupCorporate Information









Sitemap
Contact Information


About Social Innovation

Solutions

Case Studies
Events





Site Top
Solutions
Analytics




Analytics "THE FUTURE IS OPEN TO SUGGESTIONS" 





Analytics

				Use analytics to lead your successful digital transformation.
            





					Data analytics extracts insights  from large amounts of data and turns it into value.
					We at Hitachi can help you move through the digital  transformation of your business.
				





                        Digital transformation is essential for companies to continually enhance their corporate value. This shift combines analysis and simulation, reflecting real world scenarios in a digital context. The process dramatically accelerates the actualization of business ideas and is the foundation of continuous improvement.
                    

                        Data analytics create new value by extracting insights  from large amounts of data. Repeating these analytics in short cycles allows you to further accelerate the speed of your improvements and gain new abilities, ultimately leading to significant innovations.
                    

                        At Hitachi, we support digital transformation through long-term co-creation with our clients. It’s part of our commitment to you to solve your business problems and create new value.
                    





                    Our analytics are already accelerating the digital transformation of clients in many business fields.
                

                	Engineering work and expertise can now be automated and passed on to others through digitization and data analytics.
				





                        Engineering expertise plays a vital role in optimizing manufacturing work and formulating production plans. But because it is highly specialized, this knowledge has always been difficult to define and apply to wider, more efficient uses. Now, through the continuous analysis made possible by Hitachi analytics, your company is able to automate and digitize this expertise to use it in more areas of your business. For example, we helped a manufacturing company digitally reproduce 86%  of the work involved in formulating production plans that was previously done by proficient  engineers. As a result, they were able to raise quality and shorten development cycles in more areas of their business.   It’s just one of the many challenges Hitachi has taken on as we continue to find new opportunities in automation.
                    





                	Facilities and equipment serve as the foundation of many industries. You can implement effective prevention and maintenance measures by discovering early signs of failure through an analysis of operational data.
				





                        All businesses rely on the efficiency of their facilities and equipment. In order to operate at the highest efficiency, organizations must minimize the downtime caused by malfunctions and other factors. With analytics, we’re able to proactively predict failures by collecting and analyzing the data from these operational technologies. By implementing prevention and maintenance measures before mishaps occur, we can help make the best operational use of facilities, equipment and even whole businesses.
                    





					Damages from increasing numbers of security breaches can be minimized by time series analysis of a wide variety of data.
                





                        According to the report, Global State of Information Security , worldwide security incidents increased 38% in 2015 compared to the previous year. These breaches result in an astounding economic loss of hundreds of billion dollars per year. To help protect you from these catastrophic damages, our first step is to determine the causes of security threats. We do this with time series analysis through a comprehensive process that merges a variety of data from many different sources of information.
                    





                   Hitachi’s analytics are supported by diverse technologies and physical support
                

					Our Data Analytics Meister Service helps customers create innovation through a group of experts who possess both business knowledge and data analysis intelligence.
                

                    Big data is big business. Hitachi helps you use big data to grow in the new digital economy by starting with a deeper understanding of advanced analysis products and information and communications technology (ICT) products. But we don’t stop there. In addition to this innovative analytics approach, Hitachi also provides consulting through our Data Analytics Meister Service.
					Our Data Analytics Meister—a specialist in big data utilization—gives you a full walkthrough of the analytics process from start to finish. 
					This comprehensive service advances through four phases:
				

                   (1) Design a vision and set a goal.
				   (2) Formulate a utilization scenario, in which a scenario for realizing the vision is developed—clarifying the value that will be created.
				   (3) Verify the practical use in which the data analysis method is established and its efficacy is verified.
				   (4) Implement the system, to apply the final execution. Our team works closely with you to help you through every stage of the analytics process.




					Pentaho is an analytics solution that integrates operational data and big data, enabling you to analyze your business from all angles.
                

					Pentaho analytics integrates a wide variety of data—from internal and external data to the vast amount of data collected through the internet of things (IoT)—and makes it available on demand for analysis. This solution aggregates all of the data into a “data lake,” and quickly provides a simple-format summary. It also offers a 360 degree analysis that helps users in different parts of your organization to quickly make the best possible decisions from accurate information.
				




					“Hitachi AI Technology” investigates large volumes of data to uncover effective hypotheses.
                

					Through years of research, Hitachi has developed an artificial intelligence technology that is creating real value for our customers. By conducting analysis beyond the limits of human capabilities, Hitachi AI Technology helps you uncover hypotheses and unimaginable solutions.
				







Learn more about Hitachi Solutions






SECURITY








ANALYTICS








AI








ROBOTICS






Water


Energy


Manufacturing


Life & Economy


R&D


Transportation


Urban Development







Page top









 Disclaimer and copyrights 

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy

© Hitachi, Ltd. 1994, 2017. All rights reserved.



















