


Mauldin Economics - Investment, Economic & Financial Analysis, Research


















































Mauldin Economics
It's Time to Get Real About Your Investments



Search Our Site




Already a subscriber? 
					Login Here

























Why Robots Will Win the Coming Trade Wars »

by Patrick Watson | 
		 Connecting the Dots (July 25, 2017)






















US-China Trade Talks Collapse and It’s North Korea’s Fault

read article

by George Friedman
		 This Week in Geopolitics (July 24, 2017)





Three Black Swans

			 
			        
					“The world in which we live has an increasing number of feedback loops, causing events to be…
                 	        
			
			
				read article

by John Mauldin
		 Thoughts from the Frontline (July 22, 2017)





TopWatch

			 
			        
					The market is up 2% since I called the top a month ago. This financial analyst gig ain’t…
				
			
			
			
			
			
			
				read article

by Jared Dillian
		 The 10th Man (July 20, 2017)





Trade War Games

			 
			        
					“We’re already in a trade war with China. The problem is we’ve not been fighting back.” 
                 	        
			
			
				read article

by John Mauldin
		 Thoughts from the Frontline (July 19, 2017)















	Welcome to Mauldin Economics


	Ever since his breakthrough book, Bull's Eye Investing: Targeting Real Returns in a Smoke and Mirrors Market (Wiley, 2004), best-selling author, analyst, and financial writer John Mauldin has been helping individual investors and institutions develop a clearer understanding of the forces driving the global economy and investment markets.

	When you ask anyone in the industry about John Mauldin, it's not unusual for them to quip, "John's got the best Rolodex in the business.”

	On behalf of subscribers to Mauldin Economics, John taps into his network either directly or through the reams of high-level research he's privy to on a regular basis, to assist in identifying the smartest investments for today's markets.

	These ideas are then carefully screened and evaluated by a team of ace analysts, with only the best of the best brought to the attention of Mauldin Economics subscribers.

	This is important to you, because it gives you the equivalent of direct access—just one small step removed—to some of the brightest minds and most successful managers in the world today.

Read more »






Latest Video







David Rosenberg at the SIC 2017: 4 Fed Hikes Would Trigger a Recession Next Year
David Rosenberg speaks about Fed rate hikes at the SIC 2017. 





Exclusive: John Mauldin in DC for Trump’s Inauguration
Register online for the Strategic Investment Conference 2017 by visiting http://bit.ly/2ko2c39





FRIEDMAN: There’s No Such Thing as Europe Anymore
Download the FREE special report "Top 3 Economic Surprises for 2017" from George Friedman: http://bit.ly/2ih5W5n





Jared Dillian: The Morning After The Election and Market Volatility
Subscribe to Jared Dillian's free weekly column, The 10th Man, at Mauldin Economics: https://goo.gl/R0kUcm





A former Wall Street Trader Explains Why He Is Net Short Now
Subscribe to Jared Dillian's free weekly column, The 10th Man, at Mauldin Economics: https://goo.gl/R0kUcm





Crisis & Chaos in the 21st Century Trailer Video
Mauldin Economics and Geopolitical Futures present… Crisis & Chaos: Are We Moving Toward World War III?

George Friedman’s Groundbreaking New Documentary with Global Forecasts for the Next 25 Years. Click here to learn more.





Saudi Arabia: The end of an oil high?
A new report from Mauldin Economics flags Saudi Arabia could have 3-5 years of reserves and borrowing available at 30 dollar oil. John Mauldin, Mauldin economics, provides perspective.





George Friedman: Brussels Attacks Prove Europe Can’t Stop Terrorism
Geopolitical expert George Friedman wasn’t surprised when terror struck Brussels this week. He thinks the European Union, institutionally paralyzed and unable to respond properly, will stay in the crosshairs. Friedman says Europe isn’t immune from history. It was supposed to bring peace and prosperity, but the continent has neither. 





George Friedman: Putin’s Syria Retreat Was a Favor to the US
News that Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered a Russian air wing home from Syria indicates weakness to some observers. Low oil prices forced Putin to abandon the foreign venture. Geopolitical expert George Friedman disagrees.





George Friedman: Saudi Arabia Is Running Out of Time
Geopolitical expert George Friedman says low oil prices could destabilize and possible topple Saudi Arabia’s ruling family long before it runs out of money. The result could radically change the once-dependable Middle East political order, with major implications for the entire world.








David Rosenberg at the SIC 2017: 4 Fed Hikes Would Trigger a Recession Next Year






Exclusive: John Mauldin in DC for Trump's Inauguration






FRIEDMAN: There’s No Such Thing as Europe Anymore






Jared Dillian: The Morning After The Election and Market Volatility






A former Wall Street Trader Explains Why He Is Net Short Now 






Crisis & Chaos in the 21st Century Trailer Video






Saudi Arabia: The end of an oil high?






George Friedman: Brussels Attacks Prove Europe Can’t Stop Terrorism 






George Friedman: Putin’s Syria Retreat Was a Favor to the US 






George Friedman: Saudi Arabia Is Running Out of Time 






George Friedman: Putin Has Two Years to Hold Russia Together 






George Friedman: Trump Reflects a Global Political Shift 






Expect more bad debts in China: Economist






What's the impact of negative rates?






Geopolitical Futures






Top Investments from Jared Dillian and Tony Sagami 






Investing in a Volatile Market






Neil Howe Interview With John Mauldin 






Jawad Mian on Global Macro Strategy






John Mauldin and Jonathan Tepper: Code Red






Interview with John Mauldin and Lacy Hunt






Christian Menegatti Interview at the Casey Research Summit






Investing in the New Normal















Our Investment Products
Mauldin Economics have a range of premium investment newsletters available.
 
Yield Shark
John Mauldin's personal research team ceaselessly searches for investments offering the best combination of safety, yield, and appreciation to help you dramatically increase your bottom line…
Read more »

 
Over My Shoulder
John Mauldin does the hard work by reading through reams of top-level investment and economic research to share with his readers those very special gems that deserve immediate attention...Read more »

 
Street Freak
Jared Dillian's newest publication brings you trend analysis, trade ideas, and one actionable, easy-to-handle investment recommendation per month...  Read more »

 
The Daily Dirtnap
Jared Dillian’s unrestrained daily take on the markets, macro forces, and investor sentiment gives financial pros and  sophisticated investors an edge they won’t find anywhere else. Read more »


 
Transformational Technology Alert
At Transformational Technology Alert, Patrick Cox uses his 30 years of technology research experience to uncover the breakthroughs that could transform the future ... Read more »

 
Rational Bear
Rational Bear delivers well-researched hedging strategies for your long portfolio, to help you generate profit in the event of a swift market correction... Read more »

 
Macro Growth & Income Alert
 A premium alert service that shows you how to apply current economic trends to an effective growth stock strategy for income investors. Read more »



ETF Master Class
Jared Dillian hosts a special ETF Master Class. In this private training, you will gain a much better understanding of how ETFs work as a product and what the implications of the “fine print” mean for you as an investor. Read more »














 
By the Way...


Access our exclusive documentary from geopolitical expert George Friedman.

 Are we moving toward World War III? George Friedman thinks so. In his eye-opening documentary, Crisis & Chaos, Friedman reveals the disruptive forces threatening global and economic stability—the same forces that set the stage for WWII.
Watch it now to glimpse what the next few decades could hold, and how you should prepare.
Check out George Friedman’s ground-breaking documentary, Crisis & Chaos: Are We Moving Toward World War III? 

























  






















Mauldin Economics is registered with CFA Institute as an Approved Provider of continuing education programs for CFA Institute members.



Mauldin Economics is a member of the Hard Assets Alliance. Buy gold and silver, store in secure vaults, take delivery or sell positions online.






© 2017 Mauldin Economics, LLC. All rights reserved.


Connect with Mauldin

    
    
    
    


















Economic Analysis | Mauldin Economics



































Mauldin Economics
It's Time to Get Real About Your Investments



Search Our Site




Already a subscriber? 
					Login Here









Economic Analysis



						
						
						
								Three Black Swans
							

By John Mauldin
Thoughts from the Frontline
July 22, 2017
“The world in which we live has an increasing number of feedback loops, causing events to be the cause of more events (say, people buy a book because other people bought it), thus generating snowballs and arbitrary and unpredictable planet-wide winner-take-all effects.”
– Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan



						
						
						
								Trade War Games
							

By John Mauldin
Thoughts from the Frontline
July 19, 2017
“We’re already in a trade war with China. The problem is we’ve not been fighting back.”
– Peter Navarro
“The battle for Helm’s Deep is over. The battle for Middle Earth is about to begin.”
– Gandalf the White



						
						
								“You Look Like I Need a Drink”: Comments Before the National Association of Chain Drug Stores
							

John Mauldin
Outside the Box
July 12, 2017
Today’s Outside the Box is a rollicking address to the National Association of Chain Drug Stores, delivered by my friend Richard Fisher, former President & CEO of the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank. Richard is simply one of the most entertaining and informative thinkers I know. I cherish his thoughts and the all-too-brief times I get to be with him. He is the source of a thousand stories, and you always learn something new. In this speech he makes all the points I just made in last week’s letter –...



						
						
						
								Prepare for Turbulence
							

By John Mauldin
Thoughts from the Frontline
July 9, 2017
“The job of the central bank is to worry.”
– Alice Rivlin
“The central bank needs to be able to make policy without short-term political concerns.”
– Ben Bernanke
“… from the standpoint of the overall economy, my bottom line is we’re watching it closely but it appears to be contained.
– Ben Bernanke, repeatedly, in 2007
“Would I say there will never, ever be another financial crisis? You know, probably that would be going too far, but I do think we’re much safer, and I hope that it will...



						
						
								Hostages to History at the G-20 Summit
							

John Mauldin
Outside the Box
July 7, 2017
For this week’s Outside the Box, I again bring you the sterling work of George Friedman and his team at Geopolitical Futures. Today, George delivers a sobering analysis of the G-20 Summit now underway in Hamburg. Our leaders, he says, like to think of themselves as intrepid decision makers whose national interests are defined through their interactions with their global peers in venues like the G-20. But, he argues, history is marching on – and at a rather brisk pace these days, you may have...



						
						
						
								The Wedge Goes Deeper
							

By John Mauldin
Thoughts from the Frontline
June 30, 2017
“Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power.”
– Abraham Lincoln
“If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”
– J.R.R. Tolkien



						
						
								Shale Oil: Another Layer of US Power
							

John Mauldin
Outside the Box
June 28, 2017
George Friedman and I have been talking regularly about pressing geopolitical issues for at least 10 years – it is a shared obsession. George and Meredith and Shane and I regularly try to get together, and sometime in August we will make our annual pilgrimage, wherein we spend a long weekend with my getting history lessons and geopolitical insights – and I try to share a little economics. I know no one else with George’s breadth and depth of insight into today’s world.
Right at the root of...



						
						
						
								Mad Hawk Disease Strikes Federal Reserve
							

By John Mauldin
Thoughts from the Frontline
June 25, 2017
“A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.”
– Ernest Hemingway



						
						
								Secular Stagnation?
							

John Mauldin
Outside the Box
June 21, 2017
In today’s Outside the Box my good friend Charles Gave shares an instructive “Tale of Two Countries.” Since 1981 in the UK and France, structural growth rates have diverged: The rate has fallen by two-thirds in France, while in the UK it has risen. Why? Well, to begin with, in the UK Margaret Thatcher was elected prime minister in 1979 and almost at once reduced the role of the bureaucracy in managing economic activity and dialed back government spending as a percentage of GDP. Meanwhile, in...



						
						
						
								The Next Minsky Moment
							

By John Mauldin
Thoughts from the Frontline
June 17, 2017
“China’s economy has entered a state of new normal.”
– Premier Li Keqiang, 2015
“Success breeds a disregard of the possibility of failure.”
– Hyman Minsky








Follow Mauldin on
























Most Popular

The Plight of the Working ClassThe Road to a New Medical OrderEnding the Era of Ponzi FinanceInequality and OpportunityA Lost GenerationThe Crisis of the Middle Class and American PowerThe Cancer of Debt and DeficitsIt's All Very TaxingWhere Will the Jobs Come From?Back to the Basics












 
By the Way...


Access our exclusive documentary from geopolitical expert George Friedman.

 Are we moving toward World War III? George Friedman thinks so. In his eye-opening documentary, Crisis & Chaos, Friedman reveals the disruptive forces threatening global and economic stability—the same forces that set the stage for WWII.
Watch it now to glimpse what the next few decades could hold, and how you should prepare.
Check out George Friedman’s ground-breaking documentary, Crisis & Chaos: Are We Moving Toward World War III? 

























  






















Mauldin Economics is registered with CFA Institute as an Approved Provider of continuing education programs for CFA Institute members.



Mauldin Economics is a member of the Hard Assets Alliance. Buy gold and silver, store in secure vaults, take delivery or sell positions online.






© 2017 Mauldin Economics, LLC. All rights reserved.


Connect with Mauldin

    
    
    
    


















Subscribe | Mauldin Economics



































Mauldin Economics
It's Time to Get Real About Your Investments



Search Our Site




Already a subscriber? 
					Login Here









Subscribe
See for yourself why investors and financial professionals turn to John Mauldin and the Mauldin Economics' team every week for economic insight.
Mauldin Economics' free newsletters help you understand what's happening in the economy so you can make informed investment choices based on current, clear, and valuable observations to individual investors and industry professionals alike.
Our goal is to teach you how to position yourself for success even in times of turmoil and change.
Subscribe to one or all of Mauldin Economics'  free weekly e-newsletters today!























Thoughts from the Frontline
Follow John Mauldin as he uncovers the truth behind, and beyond, the financial headlines. Thoughts from the Frontline explores developments overlooked by mainstream news and analyzes challenges and opportunities on the horizon. This in-depth weekly dispatch helps you understand what’s happening in the economy and navigate the markets with confidence.




Outside the Box
In our interconnected world—with its accelerating rate of change—flexibility and an open mind are vital to investment success. Each week, John Mauldin highlights a thoughtful, provocative essay from a fellow analyst or economic expert. Some will inspire you. Some will make you uncomfortable. All will challenge you to think outside the box.




The 10th Man
How do you find the best profit opportunities? For former Wall Street trader Jared Dillian, it’s an intuitive process. Fundamental investing may or may not work, technical analysis may or may not work, but human behavior is utterly predictable—and governments’ actions even more so. Read Jared’s amazing insights into the psychology of the individuals who make up “Mr. Market,” and profit from tomorrow’s trends today.





Email Address



Start My Free Subscription




Your privacy is very important to us. Please review our Privacy Policy.




















Mauldin Economics is registered with CFA Institute as an Approved Provider of continuing education programs for CFA Institute members.



Mauldin Economics is a member of the Hard Assets Alliance. Buy gold and silver, store in secure vaults, take delivery or sell positions online.






© 2017 Mauldin Economics, LLC. All rights reserved.


Connect with Mauldin

    
    
    
    


















70 Years Since the Marshall Plan | This Week in Geopolitics Investment Newsletter | Mauldin Economics








































Mauldin Economics
It's Time to Get Real About Your Investments



Search Our Site




Already a subscriber? 
					Login Here









This Week in Geopolitics




70 Years Since the Marshall Plan
 By George Friedman and Jacob L. Shapiro
June 5, 2017

Seventy years ago on June 5, US Secretary of State George Marshall gave a speech at Harvard University. Few speeches in modern times have had as much geopolitical consequence. In just eight paragraphs, Marshall made the case for significant US involvement in Europe’s economic reconstruction after World War II.
Within 10 months, the United States passed the Foreign Assistance Act of 1948. Better known as the Marshall Plan, it provided over $13 billion to 16 European countries (approximately $150 billion in 2017 dollars). According to the Congressional Research Service, the annual appropriation in 1949 alone accounted for 12% of the entire US federal budget.
The Marshall Plan became a significant instrument of American power. It represented a substantial sacrifice for the US, but one that paid dividends long after the US stopped providing funds to Marshall Plan recipients.
At a time when the world is divided on the merits of nationalism versus internationalism, it’s worth reflecting on why the Marshall Plan worked.
Strategy, Not Charity
Marshall made two key points in his speech to Harvard graduates. The first was the call for the rise of technocracy. Marshall said rebuilding Europe was a task of such “enormous complexity” that it had become difficult for “the man in the street” to make sense of the situation and what had to be done. His second point was that rebuilding Europe was in the United States’ economic interest. The return of “normal economic health in the world” was the precondition for political stability and peace. It couldn’t be offered piecemeal; it had to be backed by the full faith of the US government.
In effect, Marshall announced that the US was open for business. European countries heard the message and lined up.

Click to enlarge
By economic indicators, the Marshall Plan was a success. According to the Congressional Research Service, by the end of 1951, industrial production for participating countries had increased by 64%, and gross national product had risen by 25%. European countries set up entities like the Organization for European Economic Co-operation (which would later become the OECD) and the European Coal and Steel Community (the forerunner of the European Union).
But more important were the steps taken toward greater Western European integration. As Marshall said in his speech, at stake was a fundamental US interest: political stability and peace on the European continent. The Marshall Plan was not American charity; it was US strategy. Rebuilding Europe with US dollars and remaking it more in America’s image was the tactic the US used to achieve the strategic end of limiting the spread of Soviet power.  
This was the heyday of what is now called liberal internationalism, a doctrine that argues for the intervention of international institutions to promote liberal values. The Marshall Plan is just one manifestation of the types of policies associated with liberal internationalism. The doctrine is most famously embodied in the United Nations, NATO, and the European Union. These are massive, well-known institutions—the faces, really, of liberal internationalism—but it shouldn’t be forgotten that they are made up of individual nations.
The United Nations was formed on the basis of the national sovereignty of its member states. This was the compromise embedded in the institutions the liberal internationalists created: Global bodies that used national power to promote liberalism throughout the world.
The Afterglow
But bureaucracy has a way of taking on a life of its own. After the fall of the Soviet Union, some international institutions saw an opportunity to take integration further. That the Cold War had been won seemed to validate their legitimacy.
There was, however, another interpretation: that the Soviet collapse meant the mission had been accomplished and that the extraordinary circumstances that had defined the post-World War II world were no more. The international institutions had served their purpose, and the world could finally return to state-to-state relations rather than concerning itself with alliances against a potential enemy.   
These competing conceptions are straining the institutions that liberal internationalism dreamed up. US President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement has dominated headlines in recent days. Before that, German Chancellor Angela Merkel suggested that Germany, and by extension, Europe, could no longer rely on the United States. Meanwhile, the disparate interests of EU member states have grown beyond Brussels’ ability to harmonize them.
This is not an unprecedented moment or a sign of the apocalypse. It’s the return of history. The US and Germany have different interests. Europe is a diverse continent of many different nations and has never been united under one banner. The US has resumed its traditional wariness of international agreements and suspicion of international obligations.
There is no Europe to rebuild, and there is no enemy to defeat. If George Marshall were speaking at Harvard’s 2017 commencement, he would be unable to find an issue to discuss that is as dire today as the need to reconstruct Europe was in 1947. There is no single issue today that requires America’s undivided attention, but rather several smaller issues that require America to divide its attention.
After World War II, Europe was beset with problems in search of solutions. It found the solutions in collaboration through newly minted international institutions. But these institutions have become solutions in search of problems.
On this June 5, then, it is useful to consider what made the Marshall Plan so successful. It was rooted in the national interests of all the countries involved. Its goals were clearly articulated. Its strategic interests were readily apparent. Its administration was focused, and its implementation well defined. There were mechanisms for accountability and enforcement. These are the things that must be considered when evaluating the strength and viability of an international institution or agreement in the future.

George Friedman
 

Prepare Yourself for Tomorrow with George Friedman’s 
  This Week in Geopolitics






















 Email Address

  Start My Free Subscription 



 


By subscribing to This Week in Geopolitics, you will also receive Reality Check, directly from George Friedman and Geopolitical Futures.
Your privacy is very important to us. Please review our Privacy Policy. By subscribing to "This Week in Geopolitics" you agree to allow Mauldin Economics to share your email address with George Friedman's Geopolitical Futures. 


 To learn more about George Friedman and Geopolitical Futures, click here. »

subscribers@mauldineconomics.com

Permalink
http://www.mauldineconomics.com/this-week-in-geopolitics/70-years-since-the-marshall-plan/











Follow Mauldin on
























Recent Articles

US-China Trade Talks Collapse and It’s North Korea’s Fault
Lies, Damned Lies, and Statistics
Geopolitical Risk, Business, and Investment
Medieval Times in the Modern Middle East
The Irony of High Tech
US Oil Production Makes Waves
70 Years Since the Marshall Plan
Russia’s History of Destabilization Campaigns
The Stability of Trump’s Foreign Policy
Don’t Forget About the Islamic State




July 2017 (3)
June 2017 (4)
May 2017 (4)
April 2017 (4)
March 2017 (4)
February 2017 (4)
January 2017 (5)
December 2016 (3)
November 2016 (3)
October 2016 (5)
September 2016 (3)
August 2016 (5)
July 2016 (2)
June 2016 (4)
May 2016 (5)
April 2016 (4)
March 2016 (4)
February 2016 (4)
January 2016 (4)
December 2015 (2)












 
Before you go...




Get your free copy of geopolitical expert George Friedman's forecast, Top 3 Economic Surprises for 2017. This exclusive report discusses serious events expected to affect three major countries this year—must-know information for both investors and geopolitical observers.
Get your free copy of geopolitical expert George Friedman’s forecast, Top 3 Economic Surprises for 2017.




























  

























Mauldin Economics is registered with CFA Institute as an Approved Provider of continuing education programs for CFA Institute members.



Mauldin Economics is a member of the Hard Assets Alliance. Buy gold and silver, store in secure vaults, take delivery or sell positions online.






© 2017 Mauldin Economics, LLC. All rights reserved.


Connect with Mauldin

    
    
    
    




















“You Look Like I Need a Drink”: Comments Before the National Association of Chain Drug Stores | Outside the Box Investment Newsletter | Mauldin Economics









































Mauldin Economics
It's Time to Get Real About Your Investments



Search Our Site




Already a subscriber? 
					Login Here









Outside the Box



“You Look Like I Need a Drink”: Comments Before the National Association of Chain Drug Stores
John Mauldin
July 12, 2017


Options

Email
Print






Today’s Outside the Box is a rollicking address to the National Association of Chain Drug Stores, delivered by my friend Richard Fisher, former President & CEO of the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank. Richard is simply one of the most entertaining and informative thinkers I know. I cherish his thoughts and the all-too-brief times I get to be with him. He is the source of a thousand stories, and you always learn something new. In this speech he makes all the points I just made in last week’s letter – in spades.
Right off the top, we learn – and here’s something I didn’t know – that Richard was conceived in Shanghai in 1948 and smuggled out in his mama’s tummy on the second-to-last ship to leave Shanghai before Mao’s forces closed the ports.
Next there’s a remarkable vignette featuring Lara Croft as played by Angelina Jolie in the film version of Tom Clancy’s Hunt for Red October, Thor’s Hammer (“considered the most awesome weapon in Norse mythology”), and the 17 dedicated members of Norway’s Special Forces who used to track Soviet submarines on Jan Meyen Island, six hundred miles west of Norway – all this just by way of Richard’s warning his audience that he’s about to do his darnedest to explain “why, in the world in which we live today, what we are used to working doesn’t. And why nobody seems to understand why.”
That’s a lot to bite off, but this is a guy who was a persistent and eloquent contrarian during his time on the Federal Open Market Committee. In 2007 he was sounding the alarm, loud and clear, on the imminent subprime crisis, while his colleagues slumbered; in 2013 he took on Bernanke & friends in outspoken opposition to their unholy love of quantitative easing.
Today’s OTB is vintage Fisher: in part a heartfelt endorsement of the real change in Washington and the country that the Trump administration is trying to effect (there is frequent mention of an “Orange Swan”) and in equal part a strong caution against “withdrawing from, rather than improving the present world order.” But as Richard reminds us, after Churchill, “Americans always do the right thing – after they have tried everything else.”
So dig in and enjoy an unbridled romp with Richard Fisher through the forever intertangled worlds of politics and economics. And, dear gods, I hope this man is our next Fed Chairman.
I find myself in the Delta Club in Minneapolis for a longish layover waiting to get to San Francisco and Palo Alto tonight. Burmese food with Andy Kessler and Rich Karlgarrd and dissecting the future is about as good as it gets. Then to bed early and up again for solid meetings. Fortuitously, my doctor, Mike Roizen, is coming into SFO just about the time I’ll drive past the airport tomorrow, and we’ll go into the City and have lunch before I make my way to the S&P conference and then dinner with VC genius Lou Gerken, where we will mostly talk about biotech and aging. Wow. Mental stretching plus time to read books on planes; what could be better – LOL.
You have a great week and find some friends and create your own great conversations. Get on a plane if you have to. Life is too short….
Your wondering what the Trump Fed will look like analyst,
John Mauldin, EditorOutside the Box
subscribers@mauldineconomics.com

Get John Mauldin's Over My Shoulder
"Must See" Research Directly from John Mauldin to You
Be the best-informed person in the room
 with your very own risk-free trial of Over My Shoulder.
Join John Mauldin's private readers’ circle, today.


“You Look Like I Need a Drink”: Comments Before the National Association of Chain Drug Stores
With Reference to Thor’s Hammer, Justin Moore, Orange Swans, Half-Wits, Phil Gramm, Ken Arrow, Mexico, Churchill, Tug-of-War, Marcus Nadler and Secretariat
By Richard Fisher
April 24, 2017, The Phoenician Resort, Scottsdale, AZ
Thank you David (Pothast).
I did indeed come straight from Beijing and admit to being jet lagged, though this great resort and the hospitality you and your association have shown me is a very nice way to recover.
Here is a little known fact: I have been going to China since 1948. How could that be? Well, my parents were on the second-to-last ship to leave Shanghai, the SS President Wilson, before Mao’s forces closed the ports. They had been living in the Peace Hotel while my dad was on business there. I was born six months later in Los Angeles. So, like so many things we have here in the U.S., I was manufactured in China!
Now to more serious things.
Six hundred miles west of Norway there is a communications station on Jan Meyen Island where 17 hearty members of Norway’s Special Forces tracked Soviet submarines. If you read Tom Clancy’s Hunt for Red October, you would know it as “Loran C”. If you played the video game Tomb Raider, you would recall that Lara Croft – played by Angelina Jolie in the film version – visits Jan Meyen in search of Thor’s Hammer, considered the most awesome weapon in Norse mythology, capable of leveling mountains and performing the most heroic of feats.
When you arrive on the island you are greeted with this sign: Translated it reads:
Theory is when you understand everything but nothing works;
Practice is when everything works but nobody understands why.
At this station, theory and practice are united: nothing works and nobody understands why.
 Jim  (Whitman) asked me to speak to you this morning to try to explain why, in the world in which we live today, what we are used to working doesn’t. And why nobody seems to understand why.
 I will give it my best shot.
“You Look Like I Need a Drink!”
Let’s start with politics. The political scene has changed enormously since I received the invitation from Jim to speak to you today. Then, it was a given that Hillary Clinton would become the 45th president of the United States and that fiscal, regulatory and government policy would follow conventional form. In what was a shock to some (but not to this speaker), Donald Trump was elected on the premise that he would “drain the swamp” in Washington and turn the tables on the status quo. This has engendered enormous angst among those who had banked on business as usual. And great hope among those who worried that the magnificent machine that is the U.S. economy has been in decline.
The former group, those accustomed to the intoxicating ambrosia of the status quo, regard President Trump with a reaction not unlike that of country singer Justin Moore’s title song “You look like I need a drink!”
The “Orange Swan” and “Half-wits”
The latter, especially sober business leaders, financiers and market operators, have turned the term “Black Swan” on its head. In the parlance of finance, a “Black Swan” is an unforeseen event that shocks the market place and leads to severe negative reaction. Business operators looked at the President’s agenda of deregulation, pledges of tax cuts and reform, his cabinet appointments and Supreme Court nominee, and his general disposition toward curbing the intrusion of government on freedom of the “animal spirits” and saw what I will call in deference to the Candidate Trump’s then hair color, an “Orange Swan” – a welcome surprise to the upside.
I’ll put this in perspective with my favorite story told by Ronald Reagan. During the 1984 presidential campaign, President Reagan came to Dallas. My then father-in-law, Republican Congressman Jim Collins, a close friend of the president’s, let me join him for a small gathering with the President at the Collins’ ranch. Reagan told us a story of an Irish farmer named Paddy O’Toole who is visited by an Inspector from the Welfare and Work Security Ministry.
“Tell me, Paddy,” the official asked, “ how do you compensate your workers?”
“Well,” says Paddy, “ I pay the field workers 300 a month plus room and board and an annual bonus based on our profits.”
“Ah, Paddy! Good man! That’s way above minimum wage and very generous. Excellent!” says the bureaucrat. “And your processors?”
“I pay them 600 monthly and also provide them room and board plus a slice of profits.”
“Brilliant! That’s way above the norm too. You are indeed a good man, Paddy,” says the Inspector. “Now tell me, are there any others?”
“Oh yes,” says Paddy. “There is the half-wit. He works the longest hours of all, shoulders all of the farm’s liabilities and risks, clears about 30 a month, gets to down a fifth of whiskey a fortnight, and gets to sleep with me wife on the weekends if he is up to it.”
“Paddy, that is outrageous!,” says the Inspector. “ It is completely unacceptable. It violates every rule, regulation and law of the land. I demand to see the ‘half wit’ immediately!”
“Laddy,” Paddy replies, “You’re lookin’ at ‘im.”
One could say that the “half-wits” that the elite scolds tend to look down upon revolted in the last election against taxes that strip them of what they earn by the sweat of their brow and the strength of their back, regulations that dictate their behavior where they work and live and study and worship and tend to their medical needs, and monetary policy that has crippled their savings and spending power, policy which I will turn to shortly.
Phil Gramm’s Verification
If you are looking for statistical verification of the malaise that was afflicting the U.S. economy, go back and read last Thursday’s excellent op-ed by former Senator Phil Gramm and Michael Solon in the Wall Street Journal. They documented the fact that “Economic growth during the (past eight) years averaged an astonishingly low 1.47%, as compared with the 3.4% average throughout all of the post-war booms and busts before 2009.” They pointed out that in the recovery from the recent recession, “real growth in gross domestic product – our nation’s output – averaged 2.1% per year, less than half the 4.5% average during previous recoveries of similar duration.”
Mind you, these anemic growth rates followed a devastating downturn that crippled employment and depleted the savings of the vast majority of Americans. As we approached the election, we were indeed in the throes of what many economists described as “secular stagnation”.
Small wonder that voters took a risk with a change agent who offered hope of relief. And with change agents that ran the table not just in the Electoral College but in the lower and upper houses of Congress, governors mansions and state legislatures, 27 state attorneys generals offices and a majority of counties across the land.  The choice was between a candidate and a platform advocating more of the same and one who offered to provide relief by changing gears entirely.
Changing the gears of a ship of state as large as ours is not easy. Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal and NBC released a poll with a startling statistic: when asked if government should do more – more – to solve problems and help people needs, 57% of the respondents said “yes”, while less than 49% said “no”, that initiative should come from individuals themselves and businesses.
In the same issue of the Journal, there is another poll reported, this one from the Washington Post, that declares President Trump “the least popular president in modern times.” And yet if you read the fine print of those poll results, while almost half of those polled said they had voted for Mrs. Clinton in November, only 40% said they would do so again. Despite the President’s high disapproval rating and much-reported problems in getting things done in his first 100 days, he would still win the election if it were held today.
Polls and Ken Arrow’s Forecasts
You can’t take too much comfort in of polls; they are hardly the best predictors. We learned this with BREXIT, as well as with the pre-election polls of our own election. I monitor polls with a cynical eye, just as I do economic forecasts. They are as much art as they are presumably scientifically precise, and they can lead to misleading conclusions if taken at face value.
The best story I can share with you on this front is an iconic one in central bank circles. 
One of the greatest modern economists was Kenneth Arrow. During WWII he served as a weather forecasting officer in the U.S. Army Air Corps, assigned the difficult task of producing month ahead weather forecasts as the date for Omaha Beach approached. A thorough man, he had his team review the accuracy of his forecasts: they confirmed statistically that they were no more accurate than random rolls of dice. So he cabled the High Command, to be relieved of this seemingly futile duty. Arrow’s recollection of his superior’s response was priceless: “ The commanding general is well aware that the forecasts are no good. However, he needs them for planning purposes.”
The value of immediate polls, like economic forecasts, may be questionable but I do think what we can surmise by reading the entrails is that the American people know deep in their gut that we have been drifting for too long into complacency in accepting what some would call a “nanny state” and that as much as we have been getting used to it, it somehow runs against the American fiber of individualism and self-reliance. What I saw in this last election was a desire to have someone – anyone – pull us off the path of continued decline.
One might say that voters were looking for a version of Thor’s Hammer, a crude force capable of leveling bureaucratic mountains and performing the most heroic feat of putting us back on a course of growth and expansion, however great the risks.
Risks to Consider
To be sure, there are indeed great risks. I won’t reiterate them here with the exception of saying that one that ranks at the top of my worry list is that of withdrawing from, rather than improving the present world order.
I am ardent believer in American exceptionalism. I believe the U.S. is indeed a uniquely successful experiment and that we have been an example to the world. Which means we have an obligation to continue being exemplary. I believe there is a need to update almost all of the post-WWII structures, ranging from the Bretton Woods institutions, the U.N., NATO and other strategic pacts, multilateral and bilateral, which we have led, and trade agreements like NAFTA, which I spent four years implementing as Deputy U.S. Trade Representative, to take account of the changes that have occurred since the fall of the Soviet Union, the rise of China, the growing nuclear threat of North Korea, the information-technology and cyber revolution, and other phenomena that have changed the global economy and the practice of politics and diplomacy, including ubiquitous social media and even Saturday Night Live.
But making needed changes will require delicate diplomacy, lest we unleash the destructive ghosts of isolationism and protectionism.   
Let us hope that the new Administration and the Congress will guide us through much-overdue changes with aplomb rather than bombast.
Mexico Redux
Being here in Arizona, I have special concern with the delicate subject of Mexico, a nation of 120 million people who until recently delivered one of the best performing economies in our hemisphere, are our nation’s second largest trading partner and share, by far, the most important trading relationship with the most prosperous state in the union, my home state of Texas. It will take a clever hand to update our relationship with Mexico without destroying it and giving rise to a U.S. equivalent of Europe having Turkey on its southern border.
By the way, I assume you have all heard the quip: “Of course a Wall works. China built one and they haven’t seen a Mexican in over 2,000 years!”
All humor aside, pray that the new leadership corrects whatever imbalances exist in U.S. global trade and other commitments without overturning the apple cart.
Churchill’s Dictum
Last comment on this front before turning to the challenge of present financial markets and monetary policy: should you be tempted to give in to all engrossing angst over the change agent that has been elected to lead the American people, remember Churchill’s insightful dictum: “Americans always do the right thing… after they have tried everything else.”
Monetary Policy: The Good and the Bad
Now to the economy and markets. As president and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, I participated in Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) deliberations from 2005 to 2015. Recall that despite my concerns and dissents, the FOMC cut overnight rates to zero and through Quantitative Easing, expanded the holdings of the Fed’s balance sheet from less than $900 billion when I joined to almost $4.5 trillion presently, increasing the duration of the holdings in the portfolio to six years from what was typically the shortest of tenors.
The reason for doing so was to create what Ben Bernanke summarized as a “wealth effect” that would lift financial markets to the benefit of the economy. When you cut rates to the “zero bound”, then flatten the yield curve by purchasing trillions of dollars of mortgage backed and U.S. Treasury securities, you are signaling to investors that they can literally discount future cash flows of the assets they invest in to infinity. And sure enough, with the FOMC having bought in $1.75 trillion worth by the end of February 2009, the equity market turned the first week of March and cap rates for properties began to plummet.
That was all to the good for investors in bonds, stocks, and property, including housing as mortgage rates declined. But the wealth effect the FOMC hoped for did not spread as planned to the broader economy. Savers were penalized as bank deposit and money market fund returns were decimated, and confidence in vehicles that ordinary Americans depend upon – pension funds, insurance companies and other vehicles used to protect their financial wherewithal in the long term – was undermined. Thus it took longer to restore confidence among consumers than monetary policy makers thought. Especially as fiscal policy and regulatory reform was dead in the water.  With no encouragement from the fiscal and regulatory side, companies used cheaper and more plentiful money to restructure their balance sheets, buy in shares and increase dividend payouts, rather than commit to job creating capital expenditures (CAPEX). Employment, and the consumption that having a job allows, took longer to ramp up than we had hoped.
Accommodative policy is necessary but not sufficient to get the engine of the economy to full function. Money is the fuel for that engine but fiscal and regulatory policy is needed to incent the economy’s drivers – private sector operators – to use that money and step on the accelerator of CAPEX and job creation to get that engine roaring.
The Fed’s policy was followed and intensified in spades by the Bank of Japan and by the European Central Bank.
The Fed curtailed it QE program at the end of October of 2014, then 7 years to the day after we had cut the overnight funds rate to zero, raised it a mere 25 basis points (25/100ths of one-percent) , followed it up with two more moves to snug up to 1%, and is on a declared path to keep nudging it up in 25 basis point increments through year end. When all was said and done, as I stand here today, the FOMC had acquired and now holds $1.74 trillion in mortgage-backed securities and $2.46 trillion in Treasuries, roughly 35% of all U.S. Treasuries outstanding with greater than 5 years’ maturity, in its System Open Market Account (SOMA).
The Bank of Japan, the ECB, and the Bank of England, however, carried on with their programs of radical monetary policy, with the result that after the Brexit vote took place, interest rates hit lows the likes of which have never been seen.
The only reliable long-term records we have on sovereign bonds are maintained by the Dutch. (Holland preceded England and the U.S. as the globe’s financial epicenter). In the immediate aftermath of Brexit, 10-year Dutch sovereigns reached their lowest yield level in 500 years. The Bank of England’s benchmark rate hit its lowest level in 322 years. And the benchmark 10 year U.S. Treasury traded at 1.366%, the lowest rate since Hamilton – not the musical but the real guy, the iconic first Secretary of the Treasury.
And as we all know, there was a plethora of long term issuance in the U.K. and in Europe and in Japan at negative or barely positive interest rates.
Then, as autumn approached, the markets seemed to gag on the low-to-negative interest rate diet prescribed by central banks. Here in the U.S. rates began to rise. By the time of the presidential election, the 10-year Treasury had risen to 1.8%; in Europe negative yields at longer tenors began to evaporate.
The Tug of War Between Rising Rates and the “Orange Swan”
Since the election, rates have risen further. Today the 10-year Treasury is trading at roughly 2.3% and recently traded as high 2.6%. One would have thought that underlying cash flows that support equities and cap rates would have been rediscounted to reflect this move. But that has not yet happened.
I attribute this to the “Orange Swan”. The hope President Trump has engendered of tax reform, deregulation and a more pro-business government has over-ridden what might ordinarily have been a reversal of force in markets outside the fixed income space.
We have seen this before. Between when Ronald Reagan was elected and then inaugurated, the S&P 500 soared 8.5%. But in his first year in office, equities declined 20% as reality set in on the timetable for implementing the changes he promised. It wasn’t until mid-way through his second term in office, for example, that he was able to get tax reform in place.
To be sure, the political dynamics are different today. In his first term, Reagan had to deal with a Democratic majority in the House, where tax reform must be executed. Today, Trump has a sizeable but fractionated Republican majority in the House and a marginal majority in the Senate – but still one where the Vice-president can cast a deciding vote in confirming Ms. DeVos as Education Secretary or the Senate can evoke the “nuclear option” to put Judge Gorsuch on the Supreme Court.
That said, despite the power of the Executive to issue unilateral orders, tax and regulatory reform requires the Congress. Let me show you how Congress really works. [Video: locker room and cell phone]
We may be living in a new world, where Congress has abandoned its spendthrift ways. Still, however pro-business President Trump’s intentions, and even with a Republican Congress that has long been prepared to effect change, major initiatives take time. We will see how long the “Orange Swan” effect holds under the circumstances. And can counter the reality that a more robust economy, should it materialize as hoped, will result in higher interest rates and a Federal Reserve that will have to tighten monetary policy both at the short end and possibly along the yield curve as it deals with the roll over of maturing MBS and Treasuries in its portfolio where $195 billion mature this year, $423 billion mature in 2018, and $430 billion mature in 2019.
How markets will re-discount future cash flows under those circumstances remains uncertain. And then there are these historical precedents: Every Republican president since Ulysses S. Grant has experienced a recession in his first term, including the Gipper.
And since WWII, the Fed has initiated 13 tightening cycles; 10 of those 13 landed the economy in recession.
That ought to make your day!
Remembering Marcus Nadler
Now I don’t want you to leave today thinking I am just one more former central banking sourpuss. I do see the potential for market and political storms. Members of NADSC will have to be alert and stay on the balls of their feet as the landscape in the United States shifts and is tested. But I remind you that Churchill was right: we Americans eventually do the right thing. The U.S. has the capacity to overcome even the greatest of reversals and mishaps and obstacles. We always have and we always will.
I doubt any of you have ever heard of Marcus Nadler. He was a leading thinker at the Federal Reserve during one of our toughest “stress tests”, the Great Depression. With gloom all around and the most thoughtful of people questioning the very survivability of our form of democracy, Nadler put forth four simple propositions:
First, he said, “You are right if you bet that the U.S. economy will continue to expand.”
Second: “You are wrong if you bet that it is going to stand still or collapse.”
Third: “You are wrong if you bet that one element in our society is going to ruin or wreck the country.”
And fourth: “You are right if you bet that (leaders) in business, labor and government are sane, reasonably informed and decent people who can be counted on to find common ground among all their conflicting interests and work out a compromise solution to the big issues that confront them,”
I know Nadler’s third and fourth propositions may seem pie-eyed at present. They were equally outlandish in the 1930’s. And yet we went on from there to become the most prosperous and powerful country in the world.
We might be experiencing political volatility.
We may be poised for a financial markets correction.
But Americans are a unique people. We screw things up pretty badly, pretty often. But we eventually do the right thing. We have no choice now but to do it again.
Horseshift!
During the financial crisis, I surveyed the global landscape and described the American economy as the “best looking horse in the glue factory”. Today, I look at the U.S. economy through a different equine lens.  I have another visual of our potential: that of Secretariat at the Belmont stakes in 1973. [Slide of Secretariat wining Belmont] Here he is winning Belmont by an unimaginable 31 lengths, with a heart that weighed 22 pounds, twice the size of any other thoroughbred’s.
That is the American economy.
During the course of my lifetime I have encountered countless naysayers and doomsayers—those that said Europe would lap America, that Japan would lap America, that the so-called BRICS and China would lap America, that we could not compete in a post-Cold War, globalized, cyber-ized world.  To this I say: Horseshift!
We are not the best looking horse in the glue factory. We are Secretariat.
We have the biggest heart.
We can win the race by 31 lengths, if only we can be given freer rein by the fiscal and regulatory authorities.
Just let us out of the stalls.
There’s no country, there’s no people, there’s nobody anywhere on the planet that can outpace us if we are given the freedom to run.
Thank you.
The views expressed herein are the speaker’s alone and not of any corporation or organization he is affiliated with.




To continue reading, subscribe for free.






















Email Address


Subscribe Free




Or login below.









Email Address*





Password*

Forgot your password?


Login









Tags




Permalink
http://www.mauldineconomics.com/outsidethebox/you-look-like-i-need-a-drink-comments-before-the-national-association-of-ch/


Options

Email
Print












Follow Mauldin on
























Recent Articles

“You Look Like I Need a Drink”: Comments Before the National Association of Chain Drug Stores
Hostages to History at the G-20 Summit
Shale Oil: Another Layer of US Power
Secular Stagnation?
Where’s My Productivity, Dude?
Finding High-Quality Companies Today
Assume the Brace Position
International Inflation Cycles Sync Up
The Deck Is Stacked
When Robots Take All of Our Jobs, Remember the Luddites



OTB Archives

July 2017 (2)
June 2017 (4)
May 2017 (4)
April 2017 (4)
March 2017 (3)
February 2017 (4)
January 2017 (3)
December 2016 (3)
November 2016 (5)
October 2016 (4)
September 2016 (4)
August 2016 (4)
July 2016 (4)
June 2016 (5)
May 2016 (3)
April 2016 (3)
March 2016 (5)
February 2016 (3)
January 2016 (4)
December 2015 (4)
November 2015 (4)
October 2015 (5)
September 2015 (2)
August 2015 (4)
July 2015 (2)
June 2015 (3)
May 2015 (2)
April 2015 (3)
March 2015 (2)
February 2015 (4)
January 2015 (4)
December 2014 (4)
November 2014 (4)
October 2014 (5)
September 2014 (4)
August 2014 (4)
July 2014 (5)
June 2014 (4)
May 2014 (5)
April 2014 (5)
March 2014 (4)
February 2014 (7)
January 2014 (4)
December 2013 (4)
November 2013 (4)
October 2013 (5)
September 2013 (4)
August 2013 (4)
July 2013 (5)
June 2013 (4)
May 2013 (4)
April 2013 (4)
March 2013 (5)
February 2013 (5)
January 2013 (3)
December 2012 (3)
November 2012 (3)
October 2012 (4)
September 2012 (3)
August 2012 (6)
July 2012 (6)
June 2012 (6)
May 2012 (6)
April 2012 (4)
March 2012 (4)
February 2012 (5)
January 2012 (5)
December 2011 (6)
November 2011 (7)
October 2011 (6)
September 2011 (6)
August 2011 (7)
July 2011 (5)
June 2011 (5)
May 2011 (6)
April 2011 (7)
March 2011 (6)
February 2011 (7)
January 2011 (6)
December 2010 (3)
November 2010 (5)
October 2010 (8)
September 2010 (6)
August 2010 (7)
July 2010 (5)
June 2010 (7)
May 2010 (7)
April 2010 (6)
March 2010 (7)
February 2010 (6)
January 2010 (6)
December 2009 (3)
November 2009 (6)
October 2009 (7)
September 2009 (4)
August 2009 (7)
July 2009 (6)
June 2009 (6)
May 2009 (6)
April 2009 (6)
March 2009 (7)
February 2009 (6)
January 2009 (7)
December 2008 (7)
November 2008 (6)
October 2008 (7)
September 2008 (6)
August 2008 (6)
July 2008 (6)
June 2008 (7)
May 2008 (6)
April 2008 (5)
March 2008 (6)
February 2008 (3)
January 2008 (5)
December 2007 (5)
November 2007 (5)
October 2007 (6)
September 2007 (6)
August 2007 (5)
July 2007 (7)
June 2007 (5)
May 2007 (5)
April 2007 (7)
March 2007 (7)
February 2007 (6)
January 2007 (6)
December 2006 (5)
November 2006 (5)
October 2006 (7)
September 2006 (5)
August 2006 (6)
July 2006 (4)
June 2006 (4)
May 2006 (5)
April 2006 (4)
March 2006 (4)
February 2006 (4)
January 2006 (4)
December 2005 (4)
November 2005 (4)
October 2005 (5)
September 2005 (4)
August 2005 (5)
July 2005 (4)
June 2005 (4)
May 2005 (5)
April 2005 (4)
March 2005 (4)
February 2005 (4)
January 2005 (5)
December 2004 (3)
November 2004 (5)
October 2004 (4)
September 2004 (1)












 
Thanks for Stopping By!



If you like to educate yourself by hearing many different opinions...
Sign up now for John Mauldin's free weekly e-letter, Outside the Box.
Sign up now for John Mauldin's free weekly e-letter, Outside the Box. Every Wednesday, John will send you a thought-provoking essay from a fellow economic analyst. Some may offend you, some may inspire you—but they all will make you think outside the box.




























  

























Mauldin Economics is registered with CFA Institute as an Approved Provider of continuing education programs for CFA Institute members.



Mauldin Economics is a member of the Hard Assets Alliance. Buy gold and silver, store in secure vaults, take delivery or sell positions online.






© 2017 Mauldin Economics, LLC. All rights reserved.


Connect with Mauldin

    
    
    
    





















Can You Afford to Reach 100? | Thoughts from the Frontline Investment Newsletter | Mauldin Economics









































Mauldin Economics
It's Time to Get Real About Your Investments



Search Our Site




Already a subscriber? 
					Login Here









Thoughts from the Frontline



Can You Afford to Reach 100?

By John Mauldin
June 3, 2017


Options

Email
Print





Centenarians Everywhere
The $400 Trillion Gap
A Wedding and the Virgin Islands

“I often joke that 100 years from now I hope people are saying, ‘Dang, she looks good for her age!’”
– Dolly Parton
“Just because you live 20 years or 100 years doesn’t make it less meaningful. They’re both short amounts of time. So all we can do is just live in that time, whatever time we’re given.”
– Ansel Elgort
“If I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter.”
– Blaise Pascal, 1657 (and a few score other later attributions)

Welcome to the new, improved, faster-to-read, better yet still-free Thoughts from the Frontline. My team and I have been doing a lot of research on what my readers want. The reality is that my newsletter writing has experienced a sort of “mission creep” over the years. Bluntly, the letter is just a lot longer today than it was five or ten years ago. And when I’m out talking to readers and friends, especially those who give me their honest opinions, they tell me it’s just too much. There are some of you who love the length and wish it were even longer, but you are not the majority. Not even close. We all have time constraints, and I wish to honor those. So I am going to cut my letter back to its former size, which was about 50% of the length of more recent letters. (Note: this paragraph is going to open the letter for the next month or so, since not everybody clicks on every letter. Sigh. Surveys showed us it’s not because you don’t love me but because of demands on your time. I want you to understand that I get it.) Now to your letter…
This week I have good news and bad news for you. The good news is that you and your children will probably have much longer lives than you currently imagine. The bad news is that you’ll have to pay the bill for them.
I’ll explain what that means in a minute. First, let me thank everyone who helped produce this year’s Strategic Investment Conference, as well as all who attended. I know it sounds trite to say that this one was the best ever, but it really was. Every speaker brought a unique and valuable perspective, which the panels then mixed into new and even more interesting blends. Attendees asked probing and sometimes uncomfortable questions. I think everyone left Orlando bearing loads of new ideas.
If you missed SIC, you can still get our Virtual Pass. It gives you audio recordings of all sessions, all the slides that accompanied them, and written transcripts. It’s the next best thing to being there. Click here for more information and to place your order. We will close this offer in early June, so don’t wait too long.
I’m also pleased to announce that next year we’re taking SIC back to our old home at San Diego’s Manchester Hyatt. The dates are March 6–9, 2018. That’s just a little more than nine months away, so now is the time to start planning your trip. We’ll let you know when early bird registration opens in the fall.
Now, on to this week’s main course.
Centenarians Everywhere























 Like what you’re reading? Subscribe now and receive the full version of John Mauldin's Thoughts from the Frontline delivered to your inbox each week.

 Subscribe Now 


Already have an account? Click here to log-in.
We never share your email with third parties. 


	Thank you for subscribing

One of my team members pointed me to a World Economic Forum white paper called “We’ll Live to 100 – How Can We Afford It?” Regular readers know I’ve been saying we’ll live that long – and asking how we’ll pay for it – for several years now. It is good to see Davos Man finally catching up with me.

The WEF paper has some interesting data that I haven’t seen elsewhere. To begin, it breaks down life expectancy by birth year, showing a different picture than we see from simple averages. Here are the global numbers.

As far as I can tell, these estimates don’t consider the kind of major life-extending breakthroughs that Patrick Cox writes about for us and that he and I both expect to be realized in the next few years. Rather, the methodology of the WEF paper seems to depend on extending current trends. So I believe the numbers above are conservative.
Note also, these are median life expectancies, not simple averages. Half the people in each group will live longer than the median. Most of today’s young children will live to see the 2100s. Some (many?) of the younger Millennials will see their lives span three different centuries. That’s astonishing.
Here’s another table showing the differences among major countries for those born in the year 2007.

Again, this is astounding if correct. A Japanese child born in 2007, who is 10 years old today, has a 50% chance of living to 107. That will be the year 2114. Those in other developed countries are not far behind.
Better yet, the coming medical technologies will let us live to those ages or more without the decades of physical and mental decline that are now common. We’re not just increasing lifespans; we’re increasing “health spans,” too.
The good news is that many of those antiaging breakthroughs are going to be coming to a pharmacy near you in the near future – as in five to ten years. It is likely that you will live much longer and healthier than you are currently planning to. Most of us will be happy with that outcome. The bad news is that you will have to make your money last those extra years.























 Like what you’re reading? Subscribe now and receive the full version of John Mauldin's Thoughts from the Frontline delivered to your inbox each week.

 Subscribe Now 


Already have an account? Click here to log-in.
We never share your email with third parties. 


	Thank you for subscribing

We had a panel at SIC with Patrick Cox and leaders of three of the biotechnology companies he follows. What they’re working on, from different angles, is almost unbelievable. It is entirely possible that we will see cancer wiped out in the next five years. Scientists are making huge strides with heart disease, dementia, spinal cord injuries, and the other great enemies of life and health. One by one, the dominoes are falling. Other companies we know about are working on the “Fountain of Middle Age,” whereby they intend to either delay or semi-reverse the aging process. It won’t take you back to your youth, but for many of us 50 years old sounds pretty good.

And there are groups like Mike West’s at BioTime, Inc., that are working on technologies like induced tissue regeneration (ITR), which will literally turn back your cellular clock. This was science fiction and a pipette dream 10 years ago. Today it is simply science, and it’s coming out of the theoretical stage and the petri dish and moving further up the experimental lab chain.
Some of you will object, “What will we do if everybody lives so long? Frankly, that’s a first-world problem. I see very few people who ask that question offering to die. If we live in a world that can figure out how to turn us young again, give us automated cars, and all sorts of abundant resources, you think we’ll have trouble figuring out how to feed everyone and keep them occupied? Malthus was so wrong in so many ways.
The $400 Trillion Gap
While this is wonderful news for humanity, it will bring some challenges, too. The world is not financially prepared to support as many retirement-age people as it will have to sustain in coming decades. We have some huge adjustments in store.
Specifically, we already have a huge retirement savings shortfall, both public and private. I discussed that problem at length recently in Part 4 and Part 5 of my “Angst in America” series. Adding millions more person-years to the equation will make the problem much worse.
The World Economic Forum’s white paper tries to quantify how much worse the personal retirement shortfall will be if current practices continue. The amounts presently earmarked for retirement income via government-provided pension systems (i.e., Social Security), employer plans, and individual savings fall far short of the mark.
Here is the bad news in graphic form.
























 Like what you’re reading? Subscribe now and receive the full version of John Mauldin's Thoughts from the Frontline delivered to your inbox each week.

 Subscribe Now 


Already have an account? Click here to log-in.
We never share your email with third parties. 


	Thank you for subscribing

The bumps you see there are the difference between what is necessary to fulfill obligations (defined as 70% of pre-retirement income) and what has actually been saved or set aside to do so. The darker blue is the 2015 gap, and light blue is a 2050 estimate.

WEF shows these eight countries, which are obviously not the whole world, simply because the data was available. They also excluded assets held by the wealthiest 10% of the population, in order to show the situation of non-wealthy citizens. (Their full methodology is described on page 22 of this PDF file, for those of you who want to take a deeper dive.)
By 2050, the total shortfall in these eight countries alone will be $400 trillion. That number is so absurd that I feel very confident we will never have to face it. One way and another, some promises will be broken. The only questions are, whose and to what degree.
Remember, this is just the personal savings shortfall. This is not the government and unfunded liability shortfall. Globally, that runs into the multiple hundreds of trillions on top of the $400 trillion savings shortfall.
The present standard of retiring somewhere between ages 60 and 70 is not going to be sustainable when half the population lives to 80 or 90 – which is already realistic today – let alone 100 or more. It’s just not possible. If you’re like me, you don’t intend to retire at 70 or maybe not at all, but it’s nice to know we have the option. Future generations won’t.
According to WEF, the global dependency ratio under current policies will plummet from 8:1 today to 4:1 by 2050. That means just four active workers for each retiree. And that’s including developing and frontier markets. Developed markets will see a global dependency ratio of about 2:1. I see no way that can work. WEF doesn’t either. Here is their advice to political leaders.
Given the rise in longevity and the declining dependency ratio, policy-makers must immediately consider how to foster a functioning labour market for older workers to extend working careers as much as possible.
There you have it, straight from Davos. We must “extend working careers as much as possible.” Your dream of hanging up the work clothes at 65 and going on extended vacation will remain a dream until some later date. Early retirement will survive only for the kind of people who go to Davos.
Again, for me this is fine. I’m 67 and I love my work. I plan to keep at it for many years to come. But I understand many people don’t have that option. They have health problems, or their professions are being automated, or they spent their career doing physical work that is no longer possible. The medical advances I foresee will help, but they’ll take time to become affordable to everyone. Some people are going to fall through the cracks.























 Like what you’re reading? Subscribe now and receive the full version of John Mauldin's Thoughts from the Frontline delivered to your inbox each week.

 Subscribe Now 


Already have an account? Click here to log-in.
We never share your email with third parties. 


	Thank you for subscribing

Moreover, simply saving more money probably isn’t an answer, either. Interest rates are a function of supply and demand. You can’t invest your savings in a high-yield bond unless someone out there can borrow at that same yield. When so many of us want to lend and no new borrowers appear, supply and demand will keep yields low. We already see this in today’s near-ZIRP conditions, and they may not improve much.

Part of the justification for ZIRP was that it would force capital into risk assets, thereby stimulating the economy. It now appears that the only thing stimulated was asset prices, and by and by the risk is going to catch up with those taking unwise amounts of it. That unhappy outcome will likely widen the retirement shortfall even further.
And so the expectation of longevity is going to motivate people to want to save more money, except they’ll have to have jobs that pay enough to enable them to save money to flesh out the retirement plan. This headline appeared a few weeks ago:

Oops. The Council of Economic Advisers now estimates that artificial intelligence will replace 83% of low-wage jobs. I’m not certain how they came up with that number – it seems high – but whatever is the figure turns out to be, it’s alarming. And the jobs we are creating today are not the high-paying manufacturing jobs that everybody wants to “bring back.” They’re not there to be brought back. There is actually a quite large “re-shoring” movement going on, but the companies that are coming back are doing so with automated technology and far fewer workers than before. The advantage of using inexpensive offshore labor has fallen before the advantage of being close to your markets and “employing” robots and artificial intelligence.
The McKinsey Global Institute published a report last December that said: “On a global scale, we calculated the adoption of currently demonstrated automation technologies could affect 50% of the world economy’s 1.2 billion employees and $14.6 trillion in wages.” That is an astonishing statistic.
By the way, one of the subheads in that screenshot above points out that 61% of financial services positions are at high risk of being replaced. If you are in the financial services industry, maybe you should be thinking about how you can keep from being automated out of a job.
The jobs we are creating? Think 800,000 waiters and bartenders versus 100,000 manufacturing jobs. I have children who work in the food service industry, and I can tell you they are making barely enough to provide for themselves, let alone raise a family or save for retirement.

Officially, the US unemployment rate is 4.3%. There are 200,000+ manufacturing jobs that employers can’t find suitable, highly skilled candidates to fill. Last year, the labor force participation rate declined by another 0.2% to 62.7%. The employment-to-population ratio fell to 60%. Fewer of us are working and making enough to actually be able to save for retirement.























 Like what you’re reading? Subscribe now and receive the full version of John Mauldin's Thoughts from the Frontline delivered to your inbox each week.

 Subscribe Now 


Already have an account? Click here to log-in.
We never share your email with third parties. 


	Thank you for subscribing

In other words, I don’t think we can invest our way out of this. The obvious answer – extend the retirement age – has the unwelcome side effect of reducing job opportunities for younger workers. At some point that might be okay if low birth rates create widespread worker shortages, but the adjustment will take time.

The solution may turn out to be something presently unimaginable. We don’t know where technology will take us and what opportunities it will create. We also don’t know what political alliances can create. What if the next time around we got not just President Bernie Sanders but a Bernie Sanders-compatible House and Senate? Could we see a wealth tax in addition to a whole slew of other taxes? Would our dear leaders be willing to tax your retirement plan so that people without adequate savings could enjoy a more pleasant retirement? Forget fairness to you as an individual, because they will be arguing about fairness to everyone in the country. Yet today the Republican majority refuses to consider instituting a value-added tax and lowering income taxes and corporate taxes to very low levels. They could do this, because they now have a majority. They are simply afraid of a VAT and are going to find themselves in far less sympathetic hands in a future crisis.
What we do know is this: An unsustainable situation will not be sustained. Retirement as we know it is unsustainable. It will give way to something else, and maybe soon. Frustration is building in America because of the problems I highlighted above, and we could well see an administration and Congress that will push through a much less friendly VAT plus income tax increases, not cuts.
Think it can’t happen? When your back is against the wall and you’re down to your last few bullets and the enemy just keeps coming, you start to very quickly consider all sorts of options. Within 10 years we are not only going to be thinking the unthinkable, we will be doing the unthinkable. And not just in the US but all over the world. The unthinkable will be coming to a country near you, along with unbelievable science-fiction-grade technology.
Count on it.
A Wedding and the Virgin Islands
I’m not doing much traveling this month until Shane and I go to the Virgin Islands the last week of June. On Monday, June 26, she celebrates her birthday. Since I asked her to marry me on her birthday last year, we are going to get married on her birthday this year. Just the two of us on the beach, and the rest of the week relaxing and thinking of the future together. While this approach does allow me to only have to remember one important day rather than two, I am informed by many friends that it does not relieve me of the responsibility to buy two presents.
Shane and I have lived together for four years now, and she has pretty much figured out how I operate. She has amazing forbearance and patience – she not only puts up with my peripatetic lifestyle; she even allows me to withdraw into my chair to read or to sit in front of my computer all day writing. Not exactly the most exciting of activities.























 Like what you’re reading? Subscribe now and receive the full version of John Mauldin's Thoughts from the Frontline delivered to your inbox each week.

 Subscribe Now 


Already have an account? Click here to log-in.
We never share your email with third parties. 


	Thank you for subscribing

We will stay in the Virgin Islands for eight days and then come home to a full schedule. And I’m fully committed to begin to bring together the various chapters of my book, The Age of Transformation. That project will hopefully benefit from my new commitment to write fewer words per letter. Maybe I can do that for a chapter or two of the book as well. The reality is that each chapter could almost be a book of its own. I have to make sure I don’t get carried away. The book will not be a deep dive but rather a sweeping pass over the transformations that are coming to our world, not just technologically but also socially, demographically, politically, and especially geopolitically. The economic world will be turned upside down as we make decisions to do previously unthinkable things to get clear of the enormous debt burdens and bubbles we created.

And with that I must hit the send button. You have a great week.
Your determined to be more succinct analyst,

John Mauldin
subscribers@mauldineconomics.com

 

Get a Bird’s-Eye View of the Economy with 
John Mauldin’s Thoughts from the Frontline























 Email Address



 Start My Free Subscription 



Your privacy is very important to us. Please review our Privacy Policy. 







Tags




Permalink
http://www.mauldineconomics.com/frontlinethoughts/can-you-afford-to-reach-100/


Options

Email
Print












Follow Mauldin on
























Recent Articles

Three Black Swans
Trade War Games
Prepare for Turbulence
The Wedge Goes Deeper
Mad Hawk Disease Strikes Federal Reserve
The Next Minsky Moment
What, Me Worry?
Can You Afford to Reach 100?
The Great Reset, Part Two
The Great Reset: How Should We Then Invest?



TFTF Archives

July 2017 (3)
June 2017 (5)
May 2017 (5)
April 2017 (4)
March 2017 (4)
February 2017 (3)
January 2017 (5)
December 2016 (3)
November 2016 (4)
October 2016 (5)
September 2016 (3)
August 2016 (4)
July 2016 (5)
June 2016 (4)
May 2016 (5)
April 2016 (4)
March 2016 (4)
February 2016 (5)
January 2016 (3)
December 2015 (3)
November 2015 (5)
October 2015 (4)
September 2015 (4)
August 2015 (5)
July 2015 (4)
June 2015 (4)
May 2015 (2)
April 2015 (3)
March 2015 (2)
February 2015 (4)
January 2015 (4)
December 2014 (4)
November 2014 (3)
October 2014 (4)
September 2014 (5)
August 2014 (4)
July 2014 (3)
June 2014 (4)
May 2014 (7)
April 2014 (3)
March 2014 (5)
February 2014 (4)
January 2014 (4)
December 2013 (4)
November 2013 (5)
October 2013 (4)
September 2013 (4)
August 2013 (5)
July 2013 (4)
June 2013 (5)
May 2013 (4)
April 2013 (4)
March 2013 (4)
February 2013 (4)
January 2013 (2)
December 2012 (4)
November 2012 (4)
October 2012 (4)
September 2012 (6)
August 2012 (4)
July 2012 (4)
June 2012 (5)
May 2012 (4)
April 2012 (5)
March 2012 (6)
February 2012 (4)
January 2012 (4)
December 2011 (6)
November 2011 (4)
October 2011 (9)
September 2011 (9)
August 2011 (4)
July 2011 (5)
June 2011 (4)
May 2011 (4)
April 2011 (5)
March 2011 (4)
February 2011 (4)
January 2011 (5)
December 2010 (4)
November 2010 (4)
October 2010 (5)
September 2010 (4)
August 2010 (4)
July 2010 (5)
June 2010 (4)
May 2010 (4)
April 2010 (4)
March 2010 (4)
February 2010 (4)
January 2010 (4)
December 2009 (3)
November 2009 (4)
October 2009 (5)
September 2009 (4)
August 2009 (4)
July 2009 (4)
June 2009 (3)
May 2009 (5)
April 2009 (4)
March 2009 (4)
February 2009 (4)
January 2009 (5)
December 2008 (3)
November 2008 (4)
October 2008 (5)
September 2008 (4)
August 2008 (5)
July 2008 (3)
June 2008 (4)
May 2008 (5)
April 2008 (4)
March 2008 (4)
February 2008 (5)
January 2008 (4)
December 2007 (3)
November 2007 (4)
October 2007 (4)
September 2007 (4)
August 2007 (4)
July 2007 (4)
June 2007 (4)
May 2007 (4)
April 2007 (3)
March 2007 (5)
February 2007 (4)
January 2007 (4)
December 2006 (5)
November 2006 (4)
October 2006 (4)
September 2006 (5)
August 2006 (4)
July 2006 (4)
June 2006 (5)
May 2006 (4)
April 2006 (4)
March 2006 (5)
February 2006 (4)
January 2006 (4)
December 2005 (5)
November 2005 (4)
October 2005 (4)
September 2005 (5)
August 2005 (4)
July 2005 (5)
June 2005 (4)
May 2005 (4)
April 2005 (5)
March 2005 (3)
February 2005 (4)
January 2005 (4)
December 2004 (4)
November 2004 (3)
October 2004 (5)
September 2004 (4)
August 2004 (4)
July 2004 (5)
June 2004 (4)
May 2004 (4)
April 2004 (5)
March 2004 (4)
February 2004 (4)
January 2004 (5)
December 2003 (3)
November 2003 (4)
October 2003 (5)
September 2003 (4)
August 2003 (5)
July 2003 (4)
June 2003 (4)
May 2003 (4)
April 2003 (4)
March 2003 (4)
February 2003 (4)
January 2003 (5)
December 2002 (4)
November 2002 (5)
October 2002 (4)
September 2002 (4)
August 2002 (5)
July 2002 (4)
June 2002 (4)
May 2002 (5)
April 2002 (4)
March 2002 (5)
February 2002 (4)
January 2002 (4)
December 2001 (1)
November 2001 (5)
October 2001 (4)
September 2001 (4)
August 2001 (5)
July 2001 (2)
June 2001 (4)
May 2001 (4)
April 2001 (4)
March 2001 (3)
February 2001 (4)
January 2001 (4)






Invalid email. Please enter valid email address.
    








Before you go...
Want to receive exclusive economic commentary from John Mauldin? 




Subscribe to John Mauldin's free weekly publication, Thoughts from the Frontline, to receive John's commentary on current events, the global economy, and investment opportunities. 


























Thank you for subscribing to Thoughts from the Frontline. We will send you a confirmation email shortly.





no thanks













Mauldin Economics is registered with CFA Institute as an Approved Provider of continuing education programs for CFA Institute members.



Mauldin Economics is a member of the Hard Assets Alliance. Buy gold and silver, store in secure vaults, take delivery or sell positions online.






© 2017 Mauldin Economics, LLC. All rights reserved.


Connect with Mauldin

    
    
    
    






















End game  : the end of the debt supercycle and how it changes everything by Mauldin, John F. (9781118800027) | BrownsBfS






















  Sign In    Register  





Basket:
0 items £0.00












 
All Products
Books
DVDs




 
Advanced Search








BrowseBrowse BooksAll BooksAdult Non-FictionAdult FictionChildren's Non-FictionChildren's FictionEarly YearsBooks by SectorPrimarySecondaryFurther EducationInternationalSENBooks by Key StagePre-SchoolKey Stage 1Key Stage 2Key Stage 3GCSEA/AS LevelScottish (SQA)Welsh (WJEC)Books by AR Interest LevelLower YearsMiddle YearsMiddle Years PlusUpper YearsBrowse eBooksAll eBooksAdult Non-FictionAdult FictionChildren's Non-FictionChildren's FictionEarly YearseBooks by SectorPrimarySecondaryFurther EducationInternationalSENeBooks by Key StagePre-SchoolKey Stage 1Key Stage 2Key Stage 3GCSEA/AS LevelScottish (SQA)Welsh (WJEC)eBooks by AR Interest LevelLower YearsMiddle YearsMiddle Years PlusUpper YearsBrowse DVDsAction/AdventureChildren'sComedyDocumentary & BiographyDramaFamilyGeneralHorror/OccultLiving World/UniverseMusic/Performing ArtsScience FictionSportsThrillerWarWesternsView More
My Account




My Account

Edit My Details
Change My Password
List Manager
My Searches



Account Setup
Users
Departments


Quotes
View All Quotes






Basket

Basket Pool
View Basket



Processed Orders

All Orders
Invoices
Outstanding Lines



Reports

Outstanding Lines
Cancelled Lines







VLeBooks Account
Account Settings
Suggestions
Display Preferences
Content Manager
Marketing Manager
Reports
Users
Title Administration
Reservation Administration







My Account

Sign In
Register for an account







Early YearsCollectionsActivity & WorkbooksAlphabet BooksBig Books - Early YearsColoursFirst ExperiencesLadybird First ReadsNumbers and CountingOppositesPeople who help usRhyming and WordplaySize, Shapes & PatternsSummer Highlights 2017That's Not My.........Things that goLearning RoomPM CollectionsAnimal StoriesFunny StoriesTouch and FeelFlash CardsPhonicsReading SchemesTime and SeasonsToys and GamesCharacter CollectionsBarbieBen & Holly's Little KingdomFireman SamMasha and the BearMy Little PonyPaw PatrolPeppa PigStory PacksThomas the Tank EngineNursery Recommended TitlesTeaching and ResourcesToys and FlashcardsPromotionsSummer Promotions 2017Not to be MissedBooks of the MonthDVD Collections Official Book AwardsPrimary Topic CollectionsSchool Book Awards
Primary




Library Collections

Alex Rider CollectionChildren’s Laureate - Lauren Child CollectionCILIP UK's Top 15 Favourite Children's Read'sD-DayDavid Walliams CollectionHarry Potter
Healthy Eating WeekSummer Highlights 2017Terry PratchettVideo Game Tie inWorld Refugee WeekWorld Ocean DayWriting Short Stories


Classroom CollectionsAR Starter PacksAR What Kids Are ReadingBook BandsKS1 Topic CollectionsKS2 Topic CollectionsMental HealthNLT Recommended ReadingPM Reading ProgrammeReading SchemesRSE CollectionScotland ResourcesSummer Reading Challenge - Younger CollectionSummer Reading Challenge - Older Collection

BestsellingPublisher CollectionsTop 30 Graphic NovelsTop 100 Primary FictionTop 100 Primary Non-Fiction
PromotionsOxford Reading TreeSummer Promotions 2017
Not to be MissedBooks of the MonthDVD Collections Foreign Language TitlesOfficial Book AwardsPrimary Topic CollectionsSchool Book AwardsSeries LinksSeries Links eBooks



Secondary



Library FictionAlex Rider CollectionAgatha ChristieCHERUB SeriesDiversity FictionEthnic Fiction - BoysEthnic Fiction - GirlsFiction by GenreGraphic Novels KS3Graphic Novels - KS4Harry PotterMangaPatrick Ness CollectionTerry PratchettVideo Games Tie-In



Library Non Fiction
American PoliticsBloggers, Vloggers & Internet SensationsCareersConflicts, Radicalisation and TerrorismFilm & TV Tie-inJane Austen 200th AnniversaryKS3 & 4 DictionariesLGBT CollectionLiteracy for Life
Reluctant ReadersWorld Refugee Week

Classroom Collections11+ ExamseBooks by GenreEnglishGeographyHistoryMathematicsModern LanguagesNew CurriculumRSE CollectionScotland ResourcesScienceSENSummer Highlights 2017Teenage Mental Health

BestsellingAR What Kids Are ReadingPublisher CollectionsTop 30 Graphic Novels 12+Top 100 Non-FictionTop 100 Teenage FictionPromotionsSummer Promotions 2017
Not to be MissedBooks of the MonthDVD CollectionsForeign Language TitlesOfficial Book AwardsSchool Book AwardsSeries LinksSeries Links eBooks


FE & HELibrary CollectionsAmerican PoliticsBrexitConflicts, Radicalisation and TerrorismD-DayHarry PotterJane Austen 200th AnniversaryMental HealthQuick ReadsSummer Highlights 2017Video Game Tie Ins - 16+World Refugee WeekClassroom CollectionsBTECFE Collections by SubjectNew CurriculumTeacher TrainingClassroom eBooksA-Level PhysicsA-Level BiologyA-Level ChemistryA-Level HistoryA-Level Religious EducationBestsellingBookseller Chart - Adult FictionBookseller Chart - Adult Non FictionPublisher CollectionsTop 30 Graphic Novels 16+Top 100 Adult FictionTop 100 Adult Non-fictionSubject CollectionsBiologyBusiness and ManagementComputing and ITCriminologyEngineeringMathematicsMedicalNursingSociologyStudy SkillsNot to be MissedBooks of the MonthDVD CollectionsOfficial Book AwardsSchool Book AwardsNew TitlesPromotions Summer Promotions 2017

International 

Library CollectionsDual LanguageForeign Language TitlesForeign Language FavouritesHarry PotterSummer Highlights 2017World Refugee WeekClassroom CollectionsELT- DictionariesIB - Primary YearsIB - Middle yearsIB - DiplomaiGCSE by SubjectInternational BestsellersBelgiumFranceGermanyItalyNetherlandsSwitzerlandSpain
Graded ReadersPrimary - Level 1Primary - Level 2Primary - Level 3Primary - StartersYA - AdvancedYA - BeginnerYA - ElementaryYA - Elementary/Lower-IntermediateYA - Lower-IntermediateYA - IntermediateYA - Upper IntermediateBestsellingInternational FictionInternational Non-fictionPublisher CollectionsPromotionsSummer Promotions 2017Not to be MissedBooks of the MonthDVD CollectionsOfficial Book AwardsSchool Book Awards


VLeBooks My VLeBooksRegister for VLeBooksAbout VLeBooksAccount SettingsCase StudiesContent ManagerDisplay Preferences Marketing Manager ReportsReservation AdministrationSuggestionsTitle AdministrationUsersVleBooks Starter PacksLibrary CollectionsBiff, Chip and KipperGraphic Novels Harry PotterLGBT eBooksMental Health eBooksReluctant Readers eBooksForeign Language eBooksSecondary Fiction by GenreTop Primary Accelerated Reader ebooksTop Secondary Accelerated Reader ebooksClassroom CollectionsGCSEA LevelBTECCareersIB DiplomaIGCSENVQ and CACHEHigher and Advanced - ScotlandNational 4 & 5 - ScotlandCambridge A-Level SENBestsellingAdult Fiction eBooksAdult Non Fiction eBooksPrimary Fiction eBooksSecondary Fiction eBooksNew Curriculum Text BookseBook Box Sets
Our Services







Back


Submit an Enquiry
or Call Us
+44 (0) 1482 384660




























‹
›











                        End game  : the end of the debt supercycle and how it changes everything
                                            

By:

Mauldin, John F.,                                     

Tepper, Jonathan 








Publisher/Imprint
John Wiley & Sons Inc


Isbn/Ean
1118800028 / 9781118800027


Format
Paperback


Dewey
336.34


Published


28/10/2013


Availability

Stock expected by 03/08/2017



Dimensions
25 cm 336 pages : illustrations (black and white)


Readership


                                    General (US: Trade)   Learn More 



Notes
Reprint. Originally published: 2011.







Details



Praise for Endgame "This is an extremely powerful, sobering, well-written and highly accessible book.It will demonstrate to you why there are no painless solutions to the mounting debt problems around the world  something that too many people are yet to realize.It will take you on a well-documented journey through the debt supercycle, making stops around the world and at critical junctures. And it is a must-read for anyone wishing to understand the global debt dynamics and ways to protect against its bad consequences." Mohamed A.El-Erian, CEO, PIMCO, and author of When Markets Collide "No one has thought more creatively about the economy.Mauldin's weekly newsletter is a must-read, and his book is even more important if you want to understand a rapidly changing world." Newt Gingrich, Former Speaker of the House of Representatives "Successful investors explore all possibilities.You should read this book so you can succeed in case the Endgame is our future." Jim Rogers, author of A Gift to My Children "I read everything John Mauldin writes.He travels the world and shares his financial stories like a good friend sharing a drink.   Mauldin is that rarity  a skeptical optimist  who calls 'em straight and rewards his clients and fans." Rich Karlgaard, Publisher and Columnist, Forbes magazine "There's clearly something important going on in the world economy.Something big. Something powerful and dangerous. But something as yet undefined and uncertain. We are all feeling our way around in the dark, trying to figure out what it is.John Mauldin must have night vision glasses. He does an excellent job of seeing the obstacles. You should read this book before you knock over a lamp and stumble over the furniture." William Bonner, President and CEO, Agora Inc., and author of Dice Have No Memory and Empire of Debt "Endgame is not only a highly readable and informative account of the causes of the recent global economic and financial meltdown, but it also provides investors with a concrete investment strategy from which they can benefit while this final act in financial history is being played out." Marc Faber, Managing Director, Marc Faber, Ltd., and Editor, Gloom, Boom & Doom Report

BIC:

KCX Economic & financial crises & disasters, KFFD Public finance 










 


Dewey






LineRef






Licence








Our price£10.42
RRP £13.99
Save 25.5%


Already in Basket

Quantity 











We have stock available for immediate despatch, and should this not cover your order, if more stock isn’t already on the way, it will be ordered immediately to cover your order.
This typically takes 1-2 weeks, depending on availability from the publisher.












Admin


My Account
Basket Pool
View Basket
Sign Out


Sign In
Register




Products

Primary
Secondary
HE / FE
International
VLeBooks
DVDs
Business Options



Information

Help
Why Choose Us
Book Servicing
Delivery Information
Videos
Contact Us
Careers



Terms of Use

Terms & Conditions
VLeBooks T&C's
Policies



Newsletter

Subscribe to our Newsletter for the latest News, offers and updates

Invalid email address



















6,464,194
Available Products









Browns Books for Students © 2014 All rights reserved [rev: 2.0.1.70]









John Mauldin | Mauldin Economics



































Mauldin Economics
It's Time to Get Real About Your Investments



Search Our Site




Already a subscriber? 
					Login Here









John Mauldin

“Central bankers, businessmen, and investors continually try to beat History to a pulp, but History always wins the final rounds.”
—John Mauldin, Thoughts from the Frontline, 2001.
 
When investors, financial professionals, and discerning citizens need a big-picture view of what’s going on in the economy, they turn to John Mauldin.
 
And for good reason. John has dedicated more than 30 years to keeping people informed about financial risk.
 
John is a visionary thinker, a noted financial expert, a New York Times best-selling author, a pioneering online commentator, and the publisher of one of the first publications to provide investors with free, unbiased information and guidance—Thoughts from the Frontline.
 
Thoughts from the Frontline began as John’s way of sharing his thoughts with a few associates. Some 16 years later, it is one of the most widely read investment newsletters in the world. From his warning of an impending recession in 2000, to a polemic on the Obamacare “death spiral” in 2016, John has blazed his own trail as one of the most respected macroeconomic minds in the field.
 
He publishes Thoughts from the Frontline through Mauldin Economics, of which he is Chairman. Mauldin Economics publishes a growing number of investing resources, including both free and paid publications aimed at helping investors thrive in today's challenging economy.
 
John is also President of Mauldin Solutions, LLC, an investment advisory firm registered with multiple states; and President and a registered principal of Mauldin Securities, LLC, member FINRA-SIPC.
 
Together with Mauldin Economics, John proudly hosts the Strategic Investment Conference, an annual gathering of some of the world’s most brilliant economists and analysts. Thanks to its blue-ribbon lineup of past speakers and growing reputation as an incubator of forward-thinking investment strategies, the SIC is fast becoming one of the most hotly anticipated economic events of the year.
 
Additionally, John’s books have appeared on the New York Times best-seller list four times. His current book count (because he always has at least one more in the works) is six:
 

Bull's Eye Investing: Targeting Real Returns in a Smoke and Mirrors Market
	 
Endgame: The End of the Debt Supercycle and How It Changes Everything
	 
Code Red: How to Protect Your Savings from the Coming Crisis
	 
A Great Leap Forward?: Making Sense of China's Cooling Credit Boom, Technological Transformation, High Stakes Rebalancing, Geopolitical Rise, & Reserve Currency Dream
	 
Just One Thing: Twelve of the World's Best Investors Reveal the One Strategy You Can't Overlook
	 
The Little Book of Bull's Eye Investing: Finding Value, Generating Absolute Returns and Controlling Risk in Turbulent Markets

 
John is a frequent speaker at conferences around the world and is a sought-after contributor to numerous financial publications, as well as a regular guest on TV and radio.
 
He currently lives in Dallas, Texas and is the proud father of seven children, five of whom are adopted. 
 
John Mauldin's 15 year track record
Looking Back to Move Ahead
By John Mauldin
 
“That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach.”
–      Aldous Huxley, Collected Essays
 
“Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?”
“That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,” said the Cat.
“I don't much care where –” said Alice.
“Then it doesn't matter which way you go,” said the Cat.
“– so long as I get somewhere,” Alice added as an explanation.
“Oh, you're sure to do that,” said the Cat, “if you only walk long enough.”
– Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland, 1865
In a variant on the Cheshire Cat, I would ask how you can know where you are if you don’t know where you came from. You and I have lived through the first nearly 14 years of this topsy-turvy century together, and many of its details as well as its overarching themes deserve to be recalled. But rather than offering you a dry, plodding recap of recent history, I’ve come up with a different and hopefully more fun way to revisit the past decade and a half.
I’ve been writing this letter for some 15 birthdays now, well over 10,000 pages of collected work. Every word is still at my website  – a history, if you will, of what I was thinking at the time. I asked my longtime (and long-suffering) editor, Charley Sweet, to go back over this past decade and a half and give us a review of what I was saying my birthday week. When I perused what he came up with, a few things leapt out at me.
First, it turns out to be quite lucky that I was born in October, because when we assembled all the letters for the first week of that month, it turned out we hit on most of the big issues that came along in the first 15 years of the century: the tech-bubble collapse and ensuing recession; the actions of the Fed in the early ’00s, especially with regard to the housing bubble; the fundamental challenge – and promise – of accelerating change; the subprime collapse and Great Recession (including “the bailout”); the problems with Keynesian excesses at the Fed and other major central banks; the crisis in the Eurozone; and the healthcare crisis (and Obamacare).
Second, I could see my own thought process evolving and realized again how truly important it is to continually test your ideas in the marketplace. 
The plan was to take a short stroll through the history of my letters to get a feel for how our world and my thinking about it have changed over time. As it developed, Charley presented me with a rather voluminous package of excerpts, one far too long to send out as a Thoughts from the Frontline letter. So I will have to viciously edit myself to make the retrospective more consumer-friendly for TFTF readers. But for those who are interested, we are posting the entire summary here (and it will remain available here).
As you read the entry for each year, think back on your own thought process and actions at the time. Surprisingly, as I did the same, it appeared to me that, more often than not, I “got it right” (even if I got it early). So let’s climb into the Wayback Machine and take a spin through the last 15 tumultuous years. We will begin with my call in October 2000 for a recession in 2001.
[Note: comments in brackets were written as we edited this. Everything else is verbatim from the original letters.]
 
The Probability of a Recession Grows
October 20, 2000
I get lots of mail from readers asking me to tell them if I think we will have a recession next year. I think I can say with some authority that making predictions can get you out on a limb. There are scores of variables that affect our economy.  At any given time you can find trends that will seem to be pointing us to one conclusion, and other trends that might yield the opposite conclusion. It is only in hindsight that the pundits will tell us that we should have seen the most important trend all along. So instead of predicting a flat yes or no, I am going to assign some probability to the potential for a recession, and then as we go along I will either increase the probability or decrease it….
[If the yield curve is functioning as an accurate predictor of recession] we should be looking to see a recession next summer at the earliest and probably next fall. As I think back over the last few recessions, there were very few signs one year ahead that a recession was coming.  For most economists and analysts, the recession was a surprise even one quarter out!... 
Since the yield curve is an EARLY predictor, it would be more worrisome if we were seeing confirming signs in the economy now.  That would mean the recession was probably going to be a very deep one.  Thus we shouldn’t be surprised that we see no recession clouds on the horizon….
This year, the yield curve went negative for a few days in early April but has been decidedly negative since July 7.  The worst the yield curve has been this cycle is a -.66, where it is today.  The 90-day average is now -.40.
The Fed study says at this level there is approximately a 35% chance of a recession within four quarters. I would remind you that the study also says the probability should be raised somewhat due to the more fluid bond markets of today, so the number is probably around 40-50%....
 That also means there is a 50% chance we won’t have a recession.  But every time we have been at these yield curve levels for the last 40 years we have had a recession.
 [A recession ensued in March 2001 and persisted through November.]
 
Rules of Engagement
October 4, 2001
[A month after 9/11 and a month before recession officially ended]
As far as the economy this week, not much has changed. Japan just gets worse and Europe is getting weaker, which means the US will have to lead the world out of a global recession. But our consumers are saving dramatically more and spending less, manufacturing is down, as is capacity utilization etc. etc. Long bonds are back to new highs. Same old, same old.
But the cavalry is on the way. The Fed cuts again and again and pumps $100,000,000,000 into the economy in a few weeks; Congress is likely to provide significant fiscal stimulus; and travel and business are starting to pick up again. I can hear the bugles, but I don’t see the troops yet. It is still not safe to get out of the fort, but it is time to make plans for the future….
We are now in a new type of war. The enemy is a few thousand individuals in 60 countries hidden in communities of millions, unknown to 99% of their neighbors, sympathized with and supported by nations and peoples who hate us for reasons most of America does not comprehend. They intend to first destabilize us, then demoralize us, and finally provoke attacks upon various countries and groups within the Islamic world. They will try to tell the poor of these countries that an attack upon Muslim terrorists is an attack upon all Muslims, turning their terror into a religious war. They hope to stir the Islamic masses to overthrow any moderate governments and install governments based upon the terrorists’ radical religious beliefs.
Faced with an enemy which is both deadly and disperse, with goals that don’t value the lives of either their enemies or themselves, and with a methodology of war that is unlike anything we have experienced in this country, we are now having to develop new strategies for conducting this war.
The Rules of Engagement for warfare have changed. I think it is fair to say that our nation, if not much of the world, has realized that. What would have been unthinkable only a few weeks ago is now promoted as necessary and wise by (almost) all parts of the political equation. It is clear that our military leaders are hoping to avoid the most costly and typical of all military mistakes: using the tactics of the last war to fight the current one.
All’s Turbulent on the Investment Front
I am going to suggest that the Rules of Engagement, as it were, for investing are changing as well. The advent of this war is going to accelerate that change. What has worked for the last 20 years is now going to frustrate those who want to use the old investing rules to fight the next investment war. If you do not see and adjust to these changes, in my opinion you will not be happy with your investment returns over the next decade.
 
History Versus the Fed
October 4, 2002 
Longtime readers know I am a big fan of History. Central bankers, businessmen, and investors continually try to beat History to a pulp, and often win a few early rounds. Like Mohammed Ali and his rope-a-dope strategy, History lets his opponents wear themselves out throwing ineffective jab after futile blow. In the end, my man History always wins in the final rounds. Betting against History can look good for the first few rounds, as History looks drugged, but the outcome is always the same.
History told us there would be a recession in the fall of 2001 because of the inverted yield curve in the fall of 2000, which I wrote about in August and October of 2000. An inverted yield curve is always followed a year later by recession. Greenspan and the Fed fought back by aggressively lowering rates. They lost. Hopefully they can do better fighting deflation….
A little deflation is not the end of the world, if the Fed can “reflate” the economy. Prolonged, systemic deflation will not be good, however. It will lead to lower home values, which will hurt the housing market, which will hurt jobs, which will hurt consumption and trigger a serious recession.
The Fed increasingly understands this. Dallas Fed Research Director Harvey Rosenblum notes that “There is a distinct possibility inflation could morph into deflation.” Greg Weldon notes a recent strange comment by the Richmond Fed president: “The Fed knows what to do, if the Feds fund rate has been pushed to zero, and prices are falling.” As Weldon points out, that must mean that at least a few people in the Fed system think this is a distinct possibility.
There is a huge discussion on this issue going on inside the walls of the Fed. At least some of the leadership understands the problem. They need to act NOW. If Greenspan lets deflation get away from him, the next sword at his neck will not be the Queen knighting him.
If the Fed has to forestall deflation by printing even more money, we are clearly told it will do so. But eventually, History will weigh in. Inflation will come back much stronger than it would have if the dollar had remained one of the main mechanisms to fight deflation. This is the true implication of the problem with devaluing the dollar, as when inflation does come back, the Fed will raise rates to stop it, and thus bring on a serious recession. Think Volcker and 1980. We are between the proverbial rock and the hard place.
 
The Nature of Change
October 3, 2003
My career path echoes that of a million other entrepreneurs and businessmen and women. We all deal with change. In fact, the amount of change that I have had to deal with is rather unremarkable. There are millions of people who go through far more abrupt changes.
Some of the changes were forced upon me. Some of them I willingly embraced. I have told my friends that I hope this is the last time I have to “reinvent” myself. I succumb to the fantasy that most investors have: that the trends of today will continue. And yet I know that this is not likely. The field in which I plow and reap is changing rapidly, and it is unlikely that in 10 years it will look the same at all….
When I began 30 years ago, there were no faxes, no overnight delivery, and phone service was expensive. Computers? Not until 20 years ago, and they were toys compared to today’s machines. It cost a lot of money to deliver a newsletter until just a few years ago; now the marginal cost is almost nothing. One or one million is pretty much the same to me.
Research was a visit to the library to pour through books, plus a few magazines and newsletters. Now I get scores of letters and articles every day delivered to my “mailbox,” plus an almost infinite amount of data at my fingertips using something called Google. I have almost five gigabytes of research and other articles from just the past few years stored on my computer, which I can search with a few strokes. To write a letter like this even ten years ago would take a week, after a month of research. Now I can access huge amounts of data each week, and I write the letter on a computer in about five hours on Friday afternoon….
International readers? Very few ever graced my musings in the last decade. Now I have thousands of international readers, often from some amazingly remote locations. Soon, I am told, my words may be translated into Mandarin.
In short, the changes have been dramatic. At times, I complain that it has been hard to adjust. A lot of times those changes were just plain not fun. Some of them were very expensive lessons….
Since I plan to write for another 30 years, I will probably witness another 2-3 cycles. I will see yet another secular bull market, in which long-only funds will be precisely where you should put your money. Some new technology will drive a fundamental change in the world. Things will change. We’ll end up in 2030 (or whenever) with a new cast of characters telling us that “this time is different.” Nanotechnology and/or artificial intelligence and/or cold fusion and/or whatever alchemy we invent in the coming decades will be predicted to somehow repeal the business and investment cycle that has prevailed since the Medes were trading with the Persians. It will be interesting to see if I can recognize when the “times are a’changing.”…
I am not certain about much, but I am certain about this: the future will be different than we think it will be today. We can plan and dream, but more than ever we need to think about Plan B and C and D. The odds are, your personal world is going to change dramatically in the next ten years. How you cope with the change, and even use it to make your life better, will be the measure of how well you thrive.
It is the unique ability of Americans to deal with change that makes me an optimist. We are going to have to face some very difficult changes, which, given the acceleration of change, will be even more challenging than what we have already faced. But coping with change is in our DNA. It is what we do.
I hope I can be part of your “let’s think about the future” planning for a long, long time. And I bet you we find the future far more fascinating and fun than we can even begin to imagine.
 
Horse Racing and the CIA
October 1, 2004
This week we explore in depth an essay on how we think from that bastion of investment analysis, the US Central Intelligence Agency. We look at the rookie mistakes made even by pros. I describe one of my own more embarrassing rookie moments and how it highlights an investment principle that the best-performing professionals always keep in mind. I finish with a note on what you can give me (and your friends) for my birthday. It should make for a lively letter….
Jim Williams, founder of the Williams Inference Center, recently sent me a pile of fascinating research which I am wading through. One of the first articles I read was an essay by Richards J. Heuer, Jr., entitled “Do You Really Need More Information?” It was published in a book called Inside CIA’s Private World: Declassified Articles from the Agency’s Internal Journal 1955-1992.
Buried among articles on how (and how not to!) to spy is this rather straightforward piece on what to do with the information you get and the problems with objective and accurate analysis that are caused by our human thought process. The essay is quite timely, even though it was written in the spring of 1979. While reading the critique, one could not help but wish that it would be required reading at the CIA today. Perhaps we could have avoided a few problems. But that is a topic for someone else. Our beat today is thinking about money.
I am guilty. Mea culpa. I am constantly researching, looking at (sometimes obscure) data, trying to discern patterns and trends. But what to do with all of it? How do we filter it into useful and investable ideas?
This article challenges the often implicit assumption that lack of information is the principal obstacle to accurate intelligence estimates.... Once an experienced analyst has the minimum information necessary to make an informed judgment, obtaining additional information generally does not improve the accuracy of his estimates. Additional information does, however, lead the analyst to become more confident in his judgment, to the point of overconfidence.
Horse Racing and the CIA
Heuer describes a study done about betting on horse races. They took eight professional handicappers (someone who sets the betting odds based on calculations of the outcome of a contest, especially a horse race) and asked them to rank 80 different pieces of data about a horse race as to what they thought was most important. Do you factor in the jockey’s record as well as the recent record of the horse? The weather? The competition? How much weight is the horse carrying? What is the length of the race? There are scores of variables.
Then the handicappers were given what they felt were the five most important pieces of data and asked to project the winner of a race (actual names and races were not given, so as to not bias the projections). They were also asked to rank their confidence about their predictions.
Now it gets interesting. They were then given 10, 20, or 40 pieces of what they had individually considered to be the most important information. Three of the handicappers actually showed less accuracy as the amount of information increased, two improved their accuracy, and three were unchanged. But as a group, their accuracy did not improve and in fact was slightly down.
But with each increase in information, their confidence went up. In fact, by the end, their confidence had in fact doubled. If they had actually been at the track and were betting, would they have doubled their bets as they became more confident? Human nature says yes, they would. But that confidence would not have made them any better predictors. They just doubled their bets, which magnified their gains or losses. Think of it like adding leverage to your stock portfolio.
“A series of experiments to examine the mental processes of medical doctors diagnosing illness found little relationship between thoroughness of data collection and accuracy of diagnosis.” Another study was done with psychologists and patient information and diagnosis. Again, increasing knowledge yielded no better results but significantly increased confidence.
The inference is clear and quite important: “Experienced analysts have an imperfect understanding of what information they actually use in making judgments. They are unaware of the extent to which their judgments are determined by a few dominant factors, rather than by the systematic integration of all available information. Analysts use much less available information than they think they do.”
 
Ah, Brave New World
October 7, 2005
Last week we looked at how technology has the potential to slow and possibly reverse aging within the next two decades. Marvelous cures for the main causes of death, including cancer, heart disease, dementia, and Alzheimer’s, not to mention the potential to manage weight, are in our future. Amazing innovations in communications are rapidly coming at us, too, as is an increased ability to process information. Hunger and malnutrition are in our sights, as we increase the ability to bring in harvests that yield more, as well as develop biotech and nanotech processes to manufacture food.
Further down the road, the ability to manipulate molecules at the quantum level will mean we can produce the materials we need at much lower costs. As we map and reverse engineer the software that runs our brains, powerful new software can be developed on machines, which can aid in the development of whole new technologies as well as allow us to directly access information and communicate with each other. It will mean I can get rid of this annoying keyboard, which is bouncing around as the plane I am on hits a little turbulence.
(At the end of the letter, I will speculate about how we invest in these trends. Next week, we get back to our usual beat of finance; but judging from the letters I am getting, a lot of you are enjoying the speculation about the future.)
Ray Kurzweil, in his latest book, The Singularity is Near, writes of an almost utopian future. For him, as well as others, such a future of marvels cannot come too soon. They see a transition to a world where we merge with our machines, allowing us to think and work at far faster speeds than our unaided biological “wetware” is capable of. And we’ll do it from bodies that do not succumb to disease or aging.
There are many objections to his work from a variety of quarters. To his credit, he does not dodge or ignore them. He spends almost a hundred pages in Singularity outlining the various criticisms of his views of the future and then rebutting them.
Ray sees us approaching a “singularity” or point in the future where humanity and machines evolve into something we would call distinctly post-human. At that point, things change in ways we cannot predict or presently even comprehend…. Ray sees this event as happening around 2045, with life extension from biotech and nanotech happening in the 2020s and 2030s.
 
The Inflation of Expectations
October 6, 2006
This week we had two more Federal Reserve members repeat what has become the theme for their chorus, but not one the market seems to be paying much attention to. It should be. The market believes the Fed will soon start to cut rates, perhaps as early as first quarter of next year. It is not altogether clear that this will be the case.
I must admit to being somewhat baffled as to the apparent disregard by the stock market for what I view as a tough environment in the medium term, with either a slowdown or a mild recession being suggested by numerous factors. [I was forecasting a recession the next month due to the yield curve, along with other factors.] While there are a lot of positive features to the economy, to me the risk to the economy still seems to be to the downside. I take small comfort in the fact that this perspective is shared by Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn, a very solid economist and financial market observer….
The Need to Raise Rates 
Rumor has it that Kohn was Greenspan’s preferred choice to follow him. In any event, he is closely tied to Bernanke. I think it is highly likely that Bernanke shares [his] sentiments. But they are not nearly as hawkish as the speech on Thursday by new Philadelphia Federal Reserve President Charles Plosser. In a speech peppered with stern anti-inflation warnings, and echoing the sentiments expressed by Dallas Fed President Fisher (which we discussed at length about a few weeks ago), Plosser said the U.S. central bank’s very credibility was at stake when it came to keeping prices under control….
Quick aside: Ben Bernanke spoke this week, as well as Cleveland Fed President Sandra Pianalto. In addition to the previous two Fed members, they all acknowledged that the slowing housing market is a concern, but that the rest of the economy seems to be doing fine. Count them (at least publicly) in the slowdown and no recession camp….
The Fed has a very interesting problem. They acknowledge the economy is slowing, but at least publicly think the slowdown will be mild. If that is the case, then it may not bring inflation down below 2%, or even close. If that is the case, do they raise rates at some point next year as Plosser suggested, not just to maintain their credibility but to stave off inflation expectations?
A Slowing Labor Market 
Central to their problem is the employment rate and consumer spending. Housing is definitely slowing down. At the height of the housing market, consumers (on a national basis) were borrowing almost 10% of their income as mortgage equity withdrawals. This cash-out refinancing added over 1% and maybe as much as 1.5% to GDP. Such re-financing has dropped to under 6% and looks like it is in freefall on the charts. Bernanke said in his speech that a slowing housing market could shave 1% off of GDP. GDP last quarter was 2.6%. Between housing and lower consumer spending due to less borrowing, it doesn’t take a lot to get that down to the 1% range.
There is a close correlation between housing prices and consumer confidence, and thus consumer spending. Consumer spending does not have to contract, it just has to slow down for it to have economic repercussions when home building is going to slow down over at least the next two quarters.
[Housing prices peaked in mid-2006, and by Dec. 2007 we were officially in a recession.]
 
The Slow Motion Recession
October 5, 2007
Let’s recall what John Hussman said earlier about recessions being caused by a mismatch between the goods and services supplied to the economy and the demand for them. In past recessions, this has generally come to a culmination where employment turns down relatively quickly and profits take a dive.
Let me offer a scenario where it might be different this time. In past recessions there were generally some portions of the economy that grew beyond the respective demand for their products or services and/or a bubble in some sector burst. Such an event happened relatively quickly, and it took some time for there to be a shift of employment to other sectors and for the economy to start growing again.
If we see a recession now, it is going to be because of the bursting of the housing bubble. But housing is different. There is no “mark-to-market” pricing. You can’t look up the value of your house on a computer screen like you can your stocks or bonds. People tend to think their houses are special. They know how much time and effort they put into maintaining the house, and experience has taught them that over time, if they are patient, they will get a good price for their home. They become reluctant to sell at a reduced price.
Enter reality. Home values are starting to fall, and in some areas by a lot, for several reasons. First, because homebuilders are cutting prices in order to move inventory off the market. They have to raise cash in order to pay back loans, even if it means losing money on the sale of houses. They are in survival mode.
A story on Bloomberg notes that some smaller home builders are selling homes at a 40% discount in order to raise cash. D.R. Horton put 58 condominiums up for auction in San Diego. Local real estate agent Steven Moran said, “I ran the numbers, and the condos sold for between 68 cents and 74 cents on the dollar, based on the original asking prices.”
The fact that some homebuilders may lose money is not a problem for the general economy. The problem is that anyone trying to sell or refinance a home in one of those neighborhoods is now going to see the value of their home come down – perhaps substantially – in the appraisal they will need for the mortgage. Appraisers look at recent sales of comparable homes to come up with a value for the home. If your neighbor’s home sells for 20% less, then your appraisal is going to come down 20% as well. And the amount of money you can borrow on your home depends upon that appraisal.
OK, then you can just stay in the home and make that mortgage payment. And if you made a conventional loan, that’s what you would do. You might not like the fact that your home is worth less, but you won’t go through bankruptcy and risk your other assets by not making the payments.
Except for about 2,900,000 home buyers who did not get conventional mortgages. [Says] good friend Gary Shilling:
Subprimes leaped to $1.3 trillion, or 73% of all Adjustable Rate Mortgages (ARMs), in the first quarter, a 17 times jump from 2001. And 57% of mortgage broker customers with ARMs were unable to refinance into new loans in August, given their low initial down payments and falling prices that have put their equity in negative territory. Estimates are that the cumulative loss on subprime mortgages will be $164 billion in home equity and cost financial institutions $300 billion.
 
The Curve in the Road
October 3, 2008
The “bailout plan” was passed. Will it work? The answer depends on what your definition of “work” is. If by work you mean no more government intervention and no further costly programs and a functioning market, then the answer is no. But there are things it will do. This week I try to help you see what might lie ahead around the Curve in the Road. We look at how the rescue plan will function, see what is happening in the economy, and finally muse as to whether Muddle Through is really in our future….
First, let’s look at the “rescue plan” as passed by Congress. As I pointed out last week, this is a bad bill. But it was necessary to pass something, and soon. Earlier this week I sent out a report that reviewed a study of 42 major baking crises. The conclusion: navigating them successfully depended upon quick action.
As everyone should know, the credit markets are almost completely frozen. LIBOR is bid-only, no offers. Commercial paper markets are imploding. And what is trading is often at rates that are much higher than they were a few months ago. Corporations are being strangled on high rates. Corporations have little or no access to normal credit markets, and they will face massive problems when it comes time for them to roll over short-term debt….
As I have said repeatedly for months, the problem is that financial institutions are having to deleverage. They have massive losses and simply have to raise capital in order to survive. If you can’t raise equity capital (and most can’t), one of the ways you get by is by making fewer loans and taking less risk. You also charge more for the loans you do make.
Larger institutions cannot raise capital on competitive terms. GE is an AAA-rated company. Yet they had to pay Warren Buffett 10% to get $5 billion, plus in-the-money warrants worth at least another 10%. Buffett is likely to double his money on this deal over 4-5 years. A short while ago, GE could get short-term commercial paper for a few percentage points. That difference is going to significantly impact GE’s bottom line. But they had no real choice. They took the money.
As did Goldman Sachs. Yet another Buffett $5 billion preferred-share purchase (with more warrants) at a rate that even Goldman will find it hard to make money on. But they had to raise capital quickly, and they had little choice….
If GE and Goldman are paying 10%, what do you think it costs a firm with “only” a B rating? 15%? More? Junk bond yields have simply gone ballistic. Firms that used the credit market to access capital are simply shut out now. If they are a small public company, they can go to what are known as PIPE hedge funds (Private Investment in Public Equity) that sell equity at usurious rates (which is what Buffett does but on a larger scale). But a small or medium-sized private company? It is a hard time to go looking for money.
Left alone for the markets to work out, the economy of the US and the world would be in a depression within two quarters and would need years to recover. Think Japan….
Necessary but Not Sufficient
Now for the bad news. The “rescue plan” was necessary but not sufficient to fix the crisis. There is going to have to be more heavy lifting, I’m afraid. Let me offer a few ideas about what possible actions might be taken in the future. I am not advocating these actions, I am simply telling you what might happen. These are possible, because authorities will do whatever they deem necessary to avoid a systemic economic meltdown and a potential depression….
I had a lot of readers write me very nice letters this week, starting out with how much they like my letter, my insights, etc. Then they (mostly – but not all – and politely) launched on me for backing the rescue plan. Many of you had much better ideas than what was passed by Congress, which is not surprising.
I really do hate the idea of having to support a rescue plan. It goes against my every instinct. But I also know that doing nothing would result in an economy that would blow right through 10% unemployment within a few quarters and take years to recover. The stock markets and the savings of millions of retirees would be wiped out. Home values would really go into a tailspin. Being right in theory is not worth seeing that kind of devastation…. [Oops, we did see 10% unemployment, and it took years to recover.]
In the next few weeks and months, I think you can count on more extraordinary actions by the Fed and Treasury to try and jump-start the credit markets. Actions that were highly improbable a few months ago will be on the table. Will the Fed open its balance sheet to non-banks? Possibly. If they can guarantee money markets, will there be a scheme to insure commercial paper at some price? Not out of the question. Will European governments take more equity in large European banks? Very likely. Will the Fed and/or the Treasury invest even more capital in larger financial institutions? Given that We the People now own 80% of AIG and 100% of Fannie and Freddie, it is certainly within the realm of possibility that we will be the proud owners of even more formerly private institutions.
Again, this is not just a US issue. We will likely see similar actions in Europe and some of the developing world. This is a worldwide crisis, and the response will be from central banks all over the world….
Next week we will explore the economic landscape in detail, but let me provide a few thoughts. As I have said for a long time, we will be talking about deflation this time next year. Recessions are by definition deflationary events. Given that we have had two bubbles burst (housing and credit), there is even more potential for deflationary pressures. Add into the mix the deleveraging process, which will take years to finally abate, and the recent bout of price inflation caused by energy and food will pass, as demand destruction for oil will hold oil prices in check.
As I have said for a long time, the next move of the Fed is likely to be a cut. We are now close to such an action. A 1% Fed funds rate is again a real possibility. I am not sure it will help as much as some market participants think, but I think it likely the Fed will move before the end of the year, if not much sooner.
Europe and Japan are also probably in recession, and it is likely we are going to see a worldwide global slowdown. It would be nice if the European Central Bank, the Bank of England, and the Fed could coordinate a joint rate cut to signal that they are working together on the problems. I would not want to be short the markets that day.
At the beginning of the year, I was predicting a small recession with a lengthy and slow recovery period. I now think that the recession could be deeper than a 1% contraction. I think we could see a rather lengthy recession. Quite simply, the credit crisis has been allowed to spin out of control. That Congress almost failed to act is beyond belief. Given the above circumstances, it is not out of the realm of possibility that a recession lasts through the middle of 2009. As recessions go, that is a long time. But trust me on this, it will pass. The recovery will be a slow Muddle Through affair, though. It will be a few years before we are growing at a sustained 3%.
 
Another Finger of Instability
October 2, 2009
[Here is an extended excerpt from perhaps the most popular letter I ever wrote. Note that I wanted to talk not just about sandpiles but about fundamental risks to the economy.]
The credit crisis happened because of Greenspan’s monetary policy. Or maybe it was a collective mania. Or any number of things. Just as the proverbial butterfly flapping its wings in the Amazon triggers a storm in Europe, maybe an investor in St. Louis triggered the credit crisis. Crazy? Maybe not. Today we will look at what complexity theory tells us about the reasons for earthquakes, tornados, and the movement of markets. Then we look at how the world and that investor in St. Louis are all tied together in a critical state. Of course, what state and how critical are the issues.
Ubiquity, Complexity Theory, and Sandpiles
We are going to start our explorations with excerpts from a very important book by Mark Buchanan called Ubiquity: Why Catastrophes Happen. I HIGHLY recommend it to those of you who, like me, are trying to understand the complexity of the markets. Not directly about investing, although he touches on it, it is about chaos theory, complexity theory, and critical states. It is written in a manner any layman can understand. There are no equations, just easy-to-grasp, well-written stories and analogies.
As kids, we all had the fun of going to the beach and playing in the sand. Remember taking your plastic buckets and making sandpiles? Slowly pouring the sand into an ever bigger pile, until one side of the pile started an avalanche?
Imagine, Buchanan says, dropping one grain of sand after another onto a table. A pile soon develops. Eventually, just one grain starts an avalanche. Most of the time it is a small one, but sometimes it builds on itself and it seems like one whole side of the pile slides down to the bottom.
Well, in 1987 three physicists, named Per Bak, Chao Tang, and Kurt Weisenfeld, began to play the sandpile game in their lab at Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York. Now, actually piling up one grain of sand at a time is a slow process, so they wrote a computer program to do it. Not as much fun, but a whole lot faster. Not that they really cared about sandpiles. They were more interested in what are called nonequilibrium systems.
They learned some interesting things. What is the typical size of an avalanche? After a huge number of tests with millions of grains of sand, they found that there is no typical number. “Some involved a single grain; others, ten, a hundred or a thousand. Still others were pile-wide cataclysms involving millions that brought nearly the whole mountain down. At any time, literally anything, it seemed, might be just about to occur.”
The piles were indeed completely chaotic in their unpredictability. Now, let’s read this next paragraph from Buchanan slowly. It is important, as it creates a mental image that helps me understand the organization of the financial markets and the world economy. (emphasis mine)
To find out why [such unpredictability] should show up in their sandpile game, Bak and colleagues next played a trick with their computer. Imagine peering down on the pile from above, and coloring it in according to its steepness. Where it is relatively flat and stable, color it green; where steep and, in avalanche terms, ‘ready to go,’ color it red. What do you see? They found that at the outset the pile looked mostly green, but that, as the pile grew, the green became infiltrated with ever more red. With more grains, the scattering of red danger spots grew until a dense skeleton of instability ran through the pile. Here then was a clue to its peculiar behavior: a grain falling on a red spot can, by domino-like action, cause sliding at other nearby red spots. If the red network was sparse, and all trouble spots were well isolated one from the other, then a single grain could have only limited repercussions. But when the red spots come to riddle the pile, the consequences of the next grain become fiendishly unpredictable. It might trigger only a few tumblings, or it might instead set off a cataclysmic chain reaction involving millions. The sandpile seemed to have configured itself into a hypersensitive and peculiarly unstable condition in which the next falling grain could trigger a response of any size whatsoever.
Something only a math nerd could love? Scientists refer to this as a critical state. The term critical state can mean the point at which water goes to ice or steam, or the moment that critical mass induces a nuclear reaction, etc. It is the point at which something triggers a change in the basic nature or character of the object or group. Thus (and very casually, for all you physicists) we refer to something being in a critical state (or use the term critical mass) when there is the opportunity for significant change.
But to physicists [the critical state] has always been seen as a kind of theoretical freak and sideshow, a devilishly unstable and unusual condition that arises only under the most exceptional circumstances [in highly controlled experiments]... In the sandpile game, however, a critical state seemed to arise naturally through the mindless sprinkling of grains.
Thus, they asked themselves, could this phenomenon show up elsewhere? In the earth’s crust, triggering earthquakes, or as wholesale changes in an ecosystem – or as a stock market crash? “Could the special organization of the critical state explain why the world at large seems so susceptible to unpredictable upheavals?” Could it help us understand not just earthquakes, but why cartoons in a third-rate paper in Denmark could cause worldwide riots?
Buchanan concludes in his opening chapter:
There are many subtleties and twists in the story ... but the basic message, roughly speaking, is simple: The peculiar and exceptionally unstable organization of the critical state does indeed seem to be ubiquitous in our world. Researchers in the past few years have found its mathematical fingerprints in the workings of all the upheavals I’ve mentioned so far [earthquakes, eco-disasters, market crashes], as well as in the spreading of epidemics, the flaring of traffic jams, the patterns by which instructions trickle down from managers to workers in the office, and in many other things. At the heart of our story, then, lies the discovery that networks of things of all kinds - atoms, molecules, species, people, and even ideas - have a marked tendency to organize themselves along similar lines. On the basis of this insight, scientists are finally beginning to fathom what lies behind tumultuous events of all sorts, and to see patterns at work where they have never seen them before….
Now, let’s couple this idea with a few other concepts. First, Nobel laureate Hyman Minsky points out that stability leads to instability. The more comfortable we get with a given condition or trend, the longer it will persist; and then, when the trend fails, the more dramatic is the correction. The problem with long-term macroeconomic stability is that it tends to produce unstable financial arrangements. If we believe that tomorrow and next year will be the same as last week and last year, we are more willing to add debt or postpone savings in favor of current consumption. Thus, says Minsky, the longer the period of stability, the higher the potential risk for even greater instability when market participants must change their behavior. (And, three years later, we can now all see that truth. But it was not as obvious to a lot of people in 2006.)
Relating this to our sandpile, the longer that a critical state builds up in an economy, or in other words, the more “fingers of instability” that are allowed to develop a connection to other fingers of instability, the greater the potential for a serious “avalanche.”…
A second related concept is from game theory. The Nash equilibrium (named after John Nash) is a kind of optimal strategy for games involving two or more players, whereby the players reach an outcome to mutual advantage. If there is a set of strategies for a game with the property that no player can benefit by changing his strategy while (if) the other players keep their strategies unchanged, then that set of strategies and the corresponding payoffs constitute a Nash equilibrium.
A Stable Disequilibrium
So we ended up in a critical state of what Paul McCulley calls a “stable disequilibrium.” We have players of this game from all over the world tied inextricably together in a vast dance through investment, debt, derivatives, trade, globalization, international business, and finance. Each player works hard to maximize their own personal outcome and to reduce their exposure to “fingers of instability.”
But the longer we go on, asserts Minsky, the more likely and violent an “avalanche” is. The more the fingers of instability can build. The more that state of stable disequilibrium can go critical on us….
So, where are the fingers of instability today? Where are the fault lines that could trigger another crisis? Are there any early warning signs? I see two possibilities, one positive and one negative.
Chad Starliper sent me the following graph. It shows the debt-to-GDP ratio for the US, adding in various levels of debt. For instance, the ratio of debt to GDP for all levels of government debt is 87%. But if you add household and business debt along with the GSE (government-sponsored enterprises) like Fannie and Freddie, the ratio rises to 331%. And if you add in future benefits of Social Security and Medicare, the number becomes more like 1,000%.
 

Just as I was writing in 2006 about the potential for a crisis, and yet the party went on for quite some time, I think the party can limp along now. But there will come a point when the party is over. Interest rates on the long end will rise precipitously, forcing mortgages up and making the deficit even worse. It will be an even worse crisis than the one we have just gone through. And there will be fewer options for policy makers, and none of them will be good or pleasant. And it will take most people unawares. They will see the current trend and project it into the future. And they will be hit hard.
Can we avoid this calamity? Yes, we can wrestle the US budget deficit back under some kind of control, close to nominal GDP or on a clear trajectory to get there within a reasonable time (say, a few years). As noted above, we can run deficits close to nominal GDP almost forever. But there is no political willpower to do that now. And so, the market will at some point force the hand of the political class. That investor in St. Louis, or China or (????) will decide not to buy government debt at such low rates. The avalanche will start. And everyone will be surprised at the ferocity of the crisis. Except you, gentle reader. You have been warned.
 
The Ride of the Keynesian Cowboys
October 9, 2010
To ease or not to ease? That is the question we will take up this week. And if we do get another round of quantitative easing (QE2), will it make any difference? As I asked last week, what if they threw an inflation party and no one came?...
The Fed is basically down to one bullet in its policy gun. It cannot lower rates beyond zero, although it can pull down longer-term rates if it so chooses. But lower rates have not so far been the answer to creating jobs and inflation. All less-subtle instruments of monetary policy have been tried. The final option is massive quantitative easing, the monetization of US government debt. As the saying goes, if all you have is a hammer, all the world looks like a nail. And after the last FOMC meeting, the markets have openly embraced quantitative easing….
The Keynesian Cowboys are saddling their QE horses, and they intend to ride. They have no idea what the end of the trail looks like. This is all a guess based on pure theory and models (like the broken money multiplier). And I really question whether the result they hope for is worth the risk of the unintended consequences. As I wrote a few weeks ago:
If it is because they don’t have enough capital, then adding liquidity to the system will not help that. If it is because they don’t feel they have creditworthy customers, do we really want banks to lower their standards? Isn’t that what got us into trouble last time? If it is because businesses don’t want to borrow all that much because of the uncertain times, will easy money make that any better? As someone said, “I don’t need more credit, I just need more customers.”
How much of an impact would $2 trillion in QE give us? Not much, according to former Fed governor Larry Meyer, who, according to Morgan Stanley:
... maintains a large-scale macro-econometric model of the US economy that is widely used in the private sector and in public policy-making circles. These types of models are good for running “what if?” simulations. Meyer estimates that a $2 trillion asset purchase program would: 1) lower Treasury yields by 50bp; 2) increase GDP growth by 0.3pp in 2011 and 0.4pp in 2012; and 3) lower the unemployment rate by 0.3pp by the end of 2011 and 0.5pp by the end of 2012. However, Meyer admits that these may be “high-end estimates.”…
It is clear, at least from the speeches I read, that if the economy continues to sputter and looks like it may fall into recession, that the need to DO SOMETHING will overwhelm all caution. Not trying the last tool in the box if the economy is rolling over is just not something that will be considered by those of the Keynesian persuasion. Never mind that Congress is getting ready to raise taxes (and has already done so in the case of Obamacare, to the tune of almost 1% of GDP!); in the face of a slowing economy, the Fed is going to step in and try to do something.
Let me be clear. We do NOT have a monetary problem. And whatever solutions we need are not monetary. This is on Congress and the Administration. The Fed needs to step aside.
 
An Irish Haircut
October 8, 2011
Just as only four short years ago it was All Subprime, All the Time, and then it was the Credit Crisis, now it is Europe. (When) will Greece default and which banks will implode as a result? Is there another banking crisis in our future? I just came back from a whirlwind four-country visit to Europe, and I will try to offer a few insights….
[H]ere is the issue for Europe. The amount of money needed for Ireland is going to be a lot more than they now think, or at least are willing to admit. When Eurozone politicians worry about “contagion,” or one country wanting the debt relief that another country gets, it is a very real worry. And rightfully so, as voters in Portugal or Spain or (gasp) Italy who are burdened by debt that is seemingly intractable will also want relief. It is not just an Irish condition, it is a human trait.
And the money that Europe needs will overwhelm the €440 billion ESFS fund. Stratfor and others think it will take at least €2 trillion. The Boston Consulting Group put out a report that suggests the total number, at the end of the day, will need to be (drum roll, wait for it) over €6 trillion. I don’t like their proffered solutions, but their analysis of the debt and the need for relief is sobering.
Whatever the figure, it is staggering. And one the Eurozone is not willing to pay, at this moment. When the crisis hits, who knows? But now, that much is not on the table. There is talk of leveraging the ESFS up to €2 trillion, but that seems odd, as normally you have to have equity to leverage more debt. The ESFS is debt created by promises to pay by the member governments. Are we now at the point where we need to leverage our leverage? It seems to me that is what got us into the problems to begin with.
France is at risk of losing its AAA rating. From my far-removed seat, I think it is almost a certainty they will, as the amount they will have to raise for French banks is enormous. Add another few hundred billion euros for bailout funds for Spain and Italy, and the idea of AAA euro debt goes right out of window. To keep the current AAA, a majority of guarantees needs to be from AAA countries. That is a very touchy issue right now.
Read the following quote from Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany and someone who is a believer in a strong, united Europe. This is from a supporter of Europe, mind you.
While stepping up her rejection of a Greek default, she [Merkel] said that issuance of shared debt by euro countries isn’t the solution to the problem spilling from Greece, even though some may long for the ‘big bang’ to end the debt crisis. “Whoever believes that has no clue about the economy,” she said. “No one can say with certainty” what would happen if Greece defaults, she said. “Before I make a nifty step into an adventure, I have to ask whether we can really handle this and can we oversee what we are doing?”
Merkel said that her “entire council” of economic advisers says Greek debt should be restructured, advice that she is not prepared to take.
“If we tell a country ‘We cancel half of your debt,’ that’s a great deal,” she said. “Then the next guy will immediately show up and say he wants the same.”
“You can open any newspaper and see there’s a broad international debate,” she said. “I’m not an economist or a theorist. I and the German government have to consider the consequences of what we do.”
Greece will only get more promises and more funds until Merkel gets a call from her accountants, who tell her they have figured out which banks need government funds. The next day she will call Papandreou and tell him to hold a conference announcing the haircut that Greece will get. It will all be orchestrated to the color of their socks.
From what I heard, Europeans banks are worse than even the dire reports you read in the papers. Spreads are widening and liquidity is drying up. Drexia is the tip of the iceberg. I really have to wonder how much France can do in regards to its bank debt. Will the ECB lend them enough money? The answer is yes. But we are talking a great deal of debt for a country with serious fiscal deficits and where government spending is already 55% of GDP, with rising healthcare and pension costs. Think French politicians will try and get their unions and public workers to take a 15% pay cut? The French will not be civilized and stoical, like the Irish. They will take to the streets.
We are now in the final innings of the Endgame. Greece is likely to default no later than the end of this year, if not by the end of this month. Which for all intents and purposes they have already done. If you can’t get the market to finance you, that means you can’t pay your bills without the kindness of strangers. If Greece were an individual or a company, it would be in bankruptcy proceedings. It is now just a matter of time.
Can the euro survive? The short answer is yes, but not without a lot of pain on the part of a lot of people. The drive for a united Europe is strong and may indeed overcome the drive that would tear the union apart. I actually hope so. But it will not be done without a lot of sacrifice. I think the valuation of the euro is at serious risk. And while European markets look cheap on a relative and historical-valuation basis, one needs to ask, compared to what? Long European stocks, short the euro? Maybe, especially if the Germans turn the ECB loose as a way to keep (and pay the price for) the European Union.
I heard no consensus. There are dozens of different plans, enough to make any politician’s head swim. Stay tuned.
 
Economic Singularity
October 15, 2012
[This is one of my all-time favorite letters. You can click on the link above to read the entire letter, but I’ll excerpt portions.]
There is considerable disagreement throughout the world on what policies to pursue in the face of rising deficits and economies that are barely growing or at stall speed. Both [the austerity and stimulus] sides look at the same set of realities and yet draw drastically different conclusions. Both sides marshal arguments based on rigorous mathematical models “proving” the correctness of their favorite solution, and both sides can point to counterfactuals that show the other side to be insincere or just plain wrong….
Both sides have arguments that are intellectually appealing, yet both cannot be right at the same time. What I think we need to consider is the possibility that there is something that is happening outside of traditional economic theories, which will mean that following either traditional policy solution could lead to disaster.
But is there a third alternative? If we want to find one, the first thing we need to do is to properly diagnose the problem. In today’s letter we begin to explore why the models aren’t working. Sometimes the best way to understand a complex subject is to draw an analogy. So with an apology to all the true mathematicians among my readers, today we will look at what I will call the Economic Singularity. And maybe we’ll have a little fun on the way….
Singularity was originally a mathematical term for a point at which an equation has no solution. In physics, it was proven that a large enough collapsing star would eventually become a black hole so dense that its own gravity would cause a singularity in the fabric of spacetime, a point where many standard physics equations suddenly have no solution.
Beyond the “event horizon” of the black hole, the models no longer work. In general relativity, an event horizon is the boundary in spacetime beyond which events cannot affect an outside observer. In a black hole it is the “point of no return,” i.e., the point at which the gravitational pull becomes so great that nothing can escape….
I think we can draw a rough parallel between a black hole and our current global economic situation. (For physicists this will be a very rough parallel indeed, but work with me, please.) An economic bubble of any type, but especially a debt bubble, can be thought of as an incipient black hole. When the bubble collapses in upon itself, it creates its own black hole with an event horizon beyond which all traditional economic modeling breaks down. Any economic theory that does not attempt to transcend the event horizon associated with excessive debt will be incapable of offering a viable solution to an economic crisis. Even worse, it is likely that any proposed solution will make the crisis more severe.
The Minsky Moment
Debt (leverage) can be a very good thing when used properly. For instance, if debt is used to purchase an income-producing asset, whether a new machine tool for a factory or a bridge to increase commerce, then debt can be net-productive.
Hyman Minsky, one of the greatest economists of the last century, saw debt in three forms: hedge, speculative, and Ponzi. Roughly speaking, to Minsky, hedge financing occurred when the profits from purchased assets were used to pay back the loan, speculative finance occurred when profits from the asset simply maintained the debt service and the loan had to be rolled over, and Ponzi finance required the selling of the asset at an ever higher price in order to make a profit.
Minsky maintained that if hedge financing dominated, then the economy might well be an equilibrium-seeking, well-contained system. On the other hand, the greater the weight of speculative and Ponzi finance, the greater the likelihood that the economy would be what he called a deviation-amplifying system. Thus, Minsky’s Financial Instability Hypothesis suggests that over periods of prolonged prosperity, capitalist economies tend to move from a financial structure dominated by (stable) hedge finance to a structure that increasingly emphasizes (unstable) speculative and Ponzi finance….
“A fundamental characteristic of our economy,” Minsky wrote in 1974, “is that the financial system swings between robustness and fragility and these swings are an integral part of the process that generates business cycles.” (Wikipedia)
But a business-cycle recession is a fundamentally different thing than the end of a Debt Supercycle, such as much of Europe is tangling with, Japan will soon face, and the US can only avoid with concerted action in the first part of the next year.
A business-cycle recession can respond to monetary and fiscal policy in a more or less normal fashion; but if you are at the event horizon of a collapsing debt black hole, monetary and fiscal policy will no longer work the way they have in the past or in a manner that the models would predict.
There are two contradictory forces battling in a debt black hole: expanding debt and collapsing growth. Without treading again on ground covered in many past letters, let’s take it as a given that if you either cut government spending or raise taxes you are going to reduce GDP over the short run (academic studies suggest the short run is 4-5 quarters). To argue that raising taxes or cutting spending has no immediate effect on the economy flies in the face of mathematical reality. Note that I’m not arguing for one approach or the other, just simply stating that there will be consequences, either way. The country might be better off with higher taxes and/or more spending, or the opposite. But those choices are going to have consequences in both the short and long term.
Second, there is a limit to how much money a government can borrow. That limit clearly varies from country to country, but to suggest there is no limit puts you clearly in the camp of the delusional.
The Event Horizon
In our analogy, the event horizon is relatively easy to pinpoint. It is what Rogoff and Reinhart call the “Bang!” moment, when a country loses the confidence of the bond market. For Russia it came at 12% of debt-to-GDP in 1998. Japan is at 230% of debt-to-GDP and rising, even as its population falls – the Bang! moment approaches. Obviously, Greece had its moment several years ago. Spain lost effective access to the bond market last year, minus European Central Bank intervention. Other countries will follow….
The policy problem is, how do you counteract the negative pull of a black hole of debt before it’s too late? How do you muster the “escape velocity” to get back to a growing economy and a falling deficit – or, dare we say, even a surplus to pay down the old debt? How do you reconcile the competing forces of insufficient growth and too much debt?...
While deficit spending can help bridge a national economy through a recession, normal business growth must eventually take over if the country is to prosper. Keynesian theory prescribed deficit spending during times of business recessions and the accumulation of surpluses during good times, in order to be able to pay down debts that would inevitably accrue down the road. The problem is that the model developed by Keynesian theory begins to break down as we near the event horizon of a black hole of debt….
Deficit spending can be a useful tool in countries with a central bank, such as the US. But at what point does borrowing from the future (and our children) constitute a failure to deal with our own lack of political will in regards to our spending and taxation policies? There is a difference, as I think Hyman Minsky would point out, between borrowing money for infrastructure spending that will benefit our children and borrowing money to spend on ourselves today, with no future benefit.
In my mind I am playing reruns of old Star Trek episodes with Capt. Kirk shouting, “Dammit, Scotty, you’ve got to give me more power!” as they try to escape a looming black hole. Except, in our national version it’s Paul Krugman playing Capt. Kirk (badly), demanding that Ben Bernanke provide even more QE and Congress more stimulus spending. (I should note that Paul Krugman, like myself, is a science fiction aficionado. That may be the one philosophical point, a singularity if you will, that we agree on.) Of course, the Republicans (Romney) are playing the part of Scotty, yelling back at Kirk, “Captain, I cannot give ye any more power! The engines are going to blow!”
The deficit has to be controlled, of course. To continue on the current path will only feed our Black Hole of Debt even more “mass,” making it that much harder to escape from. But to try and power away (cutting the deficit radically) all at once will blow the engines of the economy. Suddenly reducing the deficit by 8% of GDP, either by cutting spending or raising taxes, is a prescription for an almost immediate depression. It’s just basic math.
As I outline in my book Endgame (shameless plug), each country has to find its own path. But it’s clear that Spain, like Greece, is simply going to have to default on part of its debt. So will Ireland and Portugal. Japan will resort to printing money in amounts that will boggle the imagination and terrify the world as they finally come to grips with the fact that they must deal with their deficit spending.
The Glide Path
The US still has the chance to pursue what I call the “glide path” option. We can reduce the deficit slowly, by say 1% a year, while aggressively pursuing organic growth policies such as unleashing the energy and biotechnology sectors, providing certainty to small businesses about government healthcare policies, reducing the regulatory burden on small businesses and encouraging new business startups, creating a competitive corporate tax environment (a much lower corporate tax with no deductions for anything, including oil-depletion allowances), implementing a pro-growth tax policy, etc.
We can balance the budget within five years. If the bond market perceived that the US was clearly committed to a balanced budget, rates would remain low, the dollar would be stronger, and we would steam away from the black hole. I would like to see something like Simpson-Bowles, with an even more radically restructured tax policy. Healthcare is clearly the challenge, but a compromise can be crafted, as has been demonstrated by the several bipartisan proposals that have been sponsored by conservative Republicans and liberal Democrats. The key word is compromise.
The crucial outcome in the wake of the upcoming election will not be whether we end up with a Republican or a Democratic budget, but whether we can achieve the compromise that will be needed to get us on a glide path to a balanced budget.
If a compromise is not crafted in 2013, how will one be crafted in 2014, which is an election year? 2015 may be too late, as the bond market will watch Europe and Japan implode and wonder why the US is any different. Remember, the event horizon is determined by the confidence of the bond market in the willingness and ability of a country to pay its debts with a currency that has a value that can be maintained. Trillion-dollar deficits for the next three years will call into question the value of the dollar. That will mean higher interest rates, which will mean a much bigger, more deadly black hole.
I should note that something similar to the glide path was tried during the Clinton administration. Spending growth was controlled, and the economy was allowed to grow its way out of debt. While the US economy is fundamentally weaker today than it was then, it should be possible for the US free-market economy to once again become an engine of growth.
I think the analogy of an Economic Singularity is a good one. The Black Hole of Debt simply overwhelms the ability of current economic theories to craft solutions based on past performance. Each country will have to find its own unique way to achieve escape velocity from its own particular black hole. That can be through a combination of reducing the debt (the size of the black hole) and fostering growth. Even countries that do not have such a problem will have to deal with the black holes in their vicinity. As an example, Finland is part of the eurozone and finds itself gravitationally affected by the black holes of debt created by its fellow Eurozone members. And China has recently seen its exports to Europe drop by almost 12%. I would imagine that has been more or less the experience of most countries that export to Europe.
In science fiction novels, a spaceship’s straying too close to a black hole typically results in no spaceship. There are also hundreds of examples of what happens to nations that drift too close to the Black Hole of Debt. None of the instances are pretty; they all end in tears. For countries that have been trapped in the gravity well of debt, there is only the pain that comes with restructuring. It is all too sad.
 
The Road to a New Medical Order
October 5, 2013
There is no doubt that the single most contentious topic I can bring up in a small group discussion or speech is the Affordable Care Act, otherwise known as Obamacare. You can feel the tension rise, as everyone has an opinion they want to express – most of them based essentially on preconceived philosophical positions, nearly all of which are seen through their own eyes as reasonable and consistent with civilized behavior. And the facts that can be trotted out to support their positions, pro and con, could fill up a document almost as long as the original 2,300+ page bill. I have avoided writing about the Affordable Care Act (ACA) for a variety of reasons but primarily because it is so difficult for us to get our heads around the economic implications.
Today I will try, though some of my readers may conclude that I have failed, to avoid coming to political conclusions about the ACA. Instead, I will aim to dwell simply on the economic ramifications of the implementation of the bill as it exists today. We are changing the plumbing on 17.9% of the US GDP in profound ways. Many, if not most, of the changes are absolutely necessary.
This letter has grown out of a rather lengthy, ongoing conversation I have had with my very close friend and personal doctor, Mike Roizen, about his perceptions of changes that his institution, the Cleveland Clinic, and others like it have to make concerning the delivery of medicine in the near future, and the Clinic's expectations regarding the income they will receive for providing their services….
I asked Mike if he would be willing to provide me with some notes concerning the future of healthcare in our nation and the Clinic's own future. He kindly obliged, and I have edited and expanded upon what he wrote and shared with me in our conversations….
We want to make something very clear right at the beginning. The US healthcare system as it stands is dysfunctional and can no longer continue as it currently operates. With or without Obamacare, profound change is required to deal with the dysfunctionality, and that change will happen, one way or another. Obamacare is simply one method for “encouraging” that necessary change.
The US currently spends 17.9% of its total GDP on health services (http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SH.XPD.TOTL.ZS). This figure is projected to rise in the near future by about another 1% due to the population’s aging and a further 3% due to the growing incidence of chronic illnesses. Anticipated increases would raise the nation’s healthcare costs to an unsustainable 22% of GDP, crowding out spending for other goods and services.
By contrast, the Netherlands spends 12% of its GDP on healthcare; Switzerland, Germany, France, and Canada about 11%; New Zealand 10%; Sweden 9.4%; and the United Kingdom 9.3%. As we travel through these countries, there is frequently a clear, if anecdotal, perception that people are healthier than in the US.
And the data backs up that perception. The US spends more money on healthcare because we are in fact far less healthy on average than the rest of the developed world. This difference is in large part due to poor lifestyle choices, but the good news is there are programs that have clearly and conclusively demonstrated that this difference is reversible. Changing behavior, while it will be difficult, can result in significant cost savings. In fact, changing behavior may allow us to spend more on education, social programs, and even defense….
We Are Changing the Health Care Plumbing
Perhaps the best way to illustrate the problem is by means of a rough analogy. Let’s imagine an older, 50-story office building in a big city. New office buildings have grown up all around it, and the business tenants are beginning to vacate. Because of the lower rents available to individuals, people have started renting space and converting it into apartments. But as is typical in office buildings, there are very few bathrooms and no showers to speak of, so residents rework the plumbing to provide bathroom and kitchen supply water and drains for their living spaces. On a small scale it works. One floor after another soon converts, until the building is now an apartment complex.
But at some point the plumbing becomes a huge problem. Not everybody can get enough water at the same time; sewage backs up on some floors at inconvenient moments; and if someone flushes a toilet, someone else gets scalded by hot water in the shower. Depending solely on where you live in the building, you may have access to much better service, while others get none. Because of the plumbing problems resulting from poor infrastructure, many of the apartments no longer receive adequate water or get it only on an emergency basis and at great expense and trouble.
The cost of maintaining the system becomes significant, so the residents get together and decide that the building must have a completely new plumbing system. No one wants to keep the old plumbing, but everyone has a different idea about how to go about creating a new system and what it should accomplish and how much it should cost and who will pay for it. Do you do one floor at a time? All the kitchen sinks at once? And can there be different sinks, or must one type fit all? Do you separate the water for the toilets from the potable water?
In a very contentious vote, the occupants of the building narrowly decide on a plan that requires all of the plumbing in the building to be changed simultaneously. Walls will be knocked out, and new pipes and equipment will be installed. The new system is going to be a marvel of technology and efficiency, but the process has the potential to be very messy, as the all-too-human occupants will be going about their day-to-day business in the midst of the construction. They will need fresh water and sewage disposal even as the plumbing is being reworked.
The United States, by analogy, is changing the plumbing of its healthcare system. In describing the plumbing changes, we will focus primarily in this letter on the financial aspects, and specifically on money flows from patients to providers and from providers to their staffs. How do we go about paying the doctors and nurses and covering other hospital costs? As it turns out, a more efficient system will mean that each apartment (hospital) will actually get less water (money) and will have to organize itself to deal with that.
Again, the fundamental changes that are necessary in the US healthcare system are going to happen with or without Obamacare. The system is simply dysfunctional. ACA is just accelerating the process. With a few noncontroversial (we hope) exceptions, we are not going to be making suggestions about what to do to improve the healthcare system or the new healthcare law. The following is simply an analysis of the economic and business challenges that will occur as a result of the Affordable Care Act as it is currently understood. This is the business reality that hospitals all over America face, not just the Cleveland Clinic.
[You can click here to see what John and Mike came up with.]











 
By the Way...


Access our exclusive documentary from geopolitical expert George Friedman.

 Are we moving toward World War III? George Friedman thinks so. In his eye-opening documentary, Crisis & Chaos, Friedman reveals the disruptive forces threatening global and economic stability—the same forces that set the stage for WWII.
Watch it now to glimpse what the next few decades could hold, and how you should prepare.
Check out George Friedman’s ground-breaking documentary, Crisis & Chaos: Are We Moving Toward World War III? 

























  






















Mauldin Economics is registered with CFA Institute as an Approved Provider of continuing education programs for CFA Institute members.



Mauldin Economics is a member of the Hard Assets Alliance. Buy gold and silver, store in secure vaults, take delivery or sell positions online.






© 2017 Mauldin Economics, LLC. All rights reserved.


Connect with Mauldin

    
    
    
    

























John F. Mauldin - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















John F. Mauldin
Board Member at Galectin Therapeutics, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you John F. Mauldin? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John F. Mauldin's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John F. Mauldin's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John F. Mauldin's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John F. Mauldin through your network of contacts.
												








John F. Mauldin's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Galectin Therapeutics, Inc.


Past
To view John F. Mauldin's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
67

 
 


John F. Mauldin's Biography



John Mauldin, a director since May 2011, is President of Millennium Wave Advisors LLC, an investment advisory firm founded in 1999, and a registered representative of Millennium Wave Securities, LLC, a FINRA registered broker-dealer which was founded in 2003. Previously he was Chief Executive Officer of the American Bureau of Economic Research. He has many publications on investments and financial topics, including a New York Times bestseller and articles in the Financial Times and The Daily Reckoning, and has been a frequent guest on CNBC, Yahoo Tech Ticker and Bloomberg TV. He holds a B.A. from Rice University and a M.Div. from Southwestern ...
(Read More)

			John Mauldin, a director since May 2011, is President of Millennium Wave Advisors LLC, an investment advisory firm founded in 1999, and a registered representative of Millennium Wave Securities, LLC, a FINRA registered broker-dealer which was founded in 2003. Previously he was Chief Executive Officer of the American Bureau of Economic Research. He has many publications on investments and financial topics, including a New York Times bestseller and articles in the Financial Times and The Daily Reckoning, and has been a frequent guest on CNBC, Yahoo Tech Ticker and Bloomberg TV. He holds a B.A. from Rice University and a M.Div. from Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary. We believe Mr. Mauldin's qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include his extensive financial management and advisory experience.
		
Source: Galectin Therapeutics, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John F. Mauldin's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John F. Mauldin. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John F. Mauldin's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John F. Mauldin's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John F. Mauldin through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John F. Mauldin


















John F. Mauldin's Connections (34)





Sign up now to view John F. Mauldin's 34 connections »









Gilbert F. Amelio
Board Member, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc.









Eliezer Zomer
Former Executive Vice President of Manufacturing and Product Developmen, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc.









Peter G. Traber
Dir., President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Medical Officer, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc.









Douglas A. Kessler
Chief Executive Officer, Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc.









David A. Brooks
Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Secretary, Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc.









Mark L. Nunneley
Chief Accounting Officer, Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc.









Arthur R. Greenberg
Board Member, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc.









Brian Wheeler
Former Board Member, Ashford Inc









James C. Czirr
Board Member, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc.









Darrell T. Hail
Former Board Member, Ashford Inc








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















John Mauldin - 简介 | Facebook








Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册首页简介Website照片Top FansDiscussions帖子社群创建主页简介编辑建议联系方式mauldinmedia@2000wave.comhttp://www.mauldineconomics.com更多信息简介Best-Selling Author, Financial Expert, Editor of Thoughts from the Frontline个人信息Who is John Mauldin?  John Mauldin is a renowned financial expert, a New York Times best-selling author, and a pioneering online commentator. Each week, over 1 ...million readers turn to Mauldin for his penetrating view on Wall Street, global markets, and economic history.  Mauldin’s weekly e-newsletter, Thoughts from the Frontline, was one of the first publications to provide investors with free, unbiased information and guidance. Today, it is the most widely distributed investment newsletter in the world. Mauldin also offers The Mauldin Circle (www.mauldincircle.com), a free service that connects accredited investors to an exclusive network of money managers and alternative investment opportunities. (In this regard, he is President and a Registered Representative of Millennium Wave Securities, member FINRA, please see legal disclosures).  Mauldin is a frequent contributor to publications including The Financial Times and The Daily Reckoning, as well as a regular guest on CNBC, Yahoo Tech Ticker, and Bloomberg TV. His books include Bull’s Eye Investing: Targeting Real Returns in a Smoke and Mirrors Market, Just One Thing: Twelve of the World’s Best Investors Reveal the One Strategy You Can’t Overlook, and the upcoming Endgame: The End of the Debt Supercycle. He also edits the free weekly e-letter Outside the Box.  Mauldin is the President of Millennium Wave Advisors, an investment advisory firm registered with multiple states. He is also a registered representative of Millennium Wave Securities, a FINRA-registered broker-dealer. Prior to that, he was Chief Executive Officer of the American Bureau of Economic Research, a publisher of investment newsletters and books.  Mauldin is one of the founders of Adopting Children Together, the largest adoption support group in Texas. He is currently on the board of directors of The International Reconciliation Coalition. He has also served on the Executive Committee of the Republican Party of Texas.  Mauldin earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Rice University in 1972 and his Master of Divinity degree from Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in 1974.  Mauldin currently lives in Dallas. He is the proud father of 7 children, 5 of whom are adopted.   IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES:  Thoughts from the Frontline is a publication of InvestorsInsight.com and is written for them by John Mauldin.  Thoughts from the Frontline is not an offering for any investment. It represents only the opinions of John Mauldin. Any views expressed on are provided for information purposes only and should not be construed in any way as an offer, an endorsement, or inducement to invest and is not in any way a testimony of, or associated with, Mauldin’s other firms. Please make sure to review important disclosures at the end of each article published.  Legal Disclosures: Joining The Mauldin Circle is not an offering for any investment. It represents only the opinions of John Mauldin and Millennium Wave Investments. It is intended solely for investors who have registered with Millennium Wave Investments and its partners at www.mauldincircle.com or directly related websites and have been so registered for no less than 30 days. The Mauldin Circle may send out material that is provided on a confidential basis, and subscribers to The Mauldin Circle are not to send this letter to anyone other than their professional investment counselors. Investors should discuss any investment with their personal investment counsel. John Mauldin is the President of Millennium Wave Advisors, LLC (MWA), which is an investment advisory firm registered with multiple states. John Mauldin is a registered representative of Millennium Wave Securities, LLC, (MWS), a FINRA registered broker-dealer. MWS is also a Commodity Pool Operator (CPO) and a Commodity Trading Advisor (CTA) registered with the CFTC, as well as an Introducing Broker (IB). Millennium Wave Investments is a dba of MWA LLC and MWS LLC. Millennium Wave Investments cooperates in the consulting on and marketing of private investment offerings with other independent firms such as Altegris Investments; Absolute Return Partners, LLP; Fynn Capital; Nicola Wealth Management; and Plexus Asset Management. Funds recommended by Mauldin may pay a portion of their fees to these independent firms, who will share 1/3 of those fees with MWS and thus with Mauldin. Any views expressed herein are provided for information purposes only and should not be construed in any way as an offer, an endorsement, or inducement to invest with any CTA, fund, or program mentioned here or elsewhere. Before seeking any advisor’s services or making an investment in a fund, investors must read and examine thoroughly the respective disclosure document or offering memorandum. Since these firms and Mauldin receive fees from the funds they recommend/market, they only recommend/market products with which they have been able to negotiate fee arrangements. Please read the information on Risks page for further risks associated with hedge funds.  PAST RESULTS ARE NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. THERE IS RISK OF LOSS AS WELL AS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR GAIN WHEN INVESTING IN MANAGED FUNDS. WHEN CONSIDERING ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS, INCLUDING HEDGE FUNDS, YOU SHOULD CONSIDER VARIOUS RISKS INCLUDING THE FACT THAT SOME PRODUCTS: OFTEN ENGAGE IN LEVERAGING AND OTHER SPECULATIVE INVESTMENT PRACTICES THAT MAY INCREASE THE RISK OF INVESTMENT LOSS, CAN BE ILLIQUID, ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PERIODIC PRICING OR VALUATION INFORMATION TO INVESTORS, MAY INVOLVE COMPLEX TAX STRUCTURES AND DELAYS IN DISTRIBUTING IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION, ARE NOT SUBJECT TO THE SAME REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AS MUTUAL FUNDS, OFTEN CHARGE HIGH FEES, AND IN MANY CASES THE UNDERLYING INVESTMENTS ARE NOT TRANSPARENT AND ARE KNOWN ONLY TO THE INVESTMENT MANAGER. Alternative investment performance can be volatile. An investor could lose all or a substantial amount of his or her investment. Often, alternative investment fund and account managers have total trading authority over their funds or accounts; the use of a single advisor applying generally similar trading programs could mean lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk. There is often no secondary market for an investor’s interest in alternative investments, and none is expected to develop.  All material presented herein is believed to be reliable but we cannot attest to its accuracy. Opinions expressed in these reports may change without prior notice. John Mauldin and/or the staffs may or may not have investments in any funds cited. John Mauldin can be reached at 800-829-7273.  This information is not to be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.  We do not review every third-party post but may periodically monitor third-party posts to mitigate the perception that Mauldin reflects the views of a third-party post, to address any potential copyright issues, or to assist in compliance with the Communications Decency Act. 展开categories公众人物中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017








Wiley: Age of Transformation: Navigating and Investing in an Area of Massive Change - John F. Mauldin

   












































					
					    
					        United States
					                
					        
					            Change

My Account
Cart




Home
Subjects
About Wiley
Contact Us
Help



Search Form
Search Input















Print this page


Share


























Age of Transformation: Navigating and Investing in an Area of Massive Change

John F. Mauldin 
ISBN: 978-1-119-07778-7
368 pages


















Purchase Options






Hardcover



                
                Unavailable for purchase from this website
                
                
                









Prices are valid for United States.
        Change location to view local pricing and availability.









Permissions

Request permission to reuse content from this title


X

To apply for permission please send your request to permissions@wiley.com with 
specific details of your requirements. This should include, the Wiley title(s), and the specific portion of the content you wish to re-use 
(e.g figure, table, text extract, chapter, page numbers etc), the way in which you wish to re-use it, the circulation/print run/number of people 
who will have access to the content and whether this is for commercial or academic purposes. If this is a republication request please include details 
of the new work in which the Wiley content will appear.










Join an Email List... 







Email




Country






-- select your country of residence --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
People's Republic of China
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Group of Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic Of Korea
Republic Of Kosovo
Republic Of Macedonia
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan (Republic of China)
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic Of Tanzania
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands U.S.
Virgin Islands (British)
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Job Role:

Please select...
Teacher K-12/Primary/Secondary
Professor
Adjunct
Educational Administrator
Department Chair
Librarian
Student
Researcher
Professional













 











Thank You for Joining a Wiley EMail List 







An email confirmation has been sent to you.





















Join An E-mail List





Learn about the latest products, events, offers and content.








Join











You are now subscribed to our email alert for Accounting Technology.













Our Solutions, Your Way









About Wiley

About Us
Subjects
Careers
Events
Locations
Brands
Investor Relations
Newsroom



Resources

Authors
Instructors
Students
Librarians
Societies
Booksellers





Customer Support

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Contact Us
Help



Copyright © 2000-2017
	           by
	           John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies.
	           All rights reserved.
		







Back to Top















Wiley: General & Introductory Finance & Investments  

   








































					
					    
					        United States
					                
					        
					            Change

My Account
Cart




Home
Subjects
About Wiley
Contact Us
Help



Search Form
Search Input

















Home

     /  

    Business & Management

     /  

    Finance & Investments









Join an Email List... 







Email




Country






-- select your country of residence --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
People's Republic of China
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Group of Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic Of Korea
Republic Of Kosovo
Republic Of Macedonia
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan (Republic of China)
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic Of Tanzania
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands U.S.
Virgin Islands (British)
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Job Role:

Please select...
Teacher K-12/Primary/Secondary
Professor
Adjunct
Educational Administrator
Department Chair
Librarian
Student
Researcher
Professional













 











Thank You for Joining a Wiley EMail List 







An email confirmation has been sent to you.





















Join An E-mail List





Learn about the latest products, events, offers and content.








Join











You are now subscribed to our email alert for Accounting Technology.


















Featured Titles




New


The International Family Guide to US University Admissions
by Jennifer Ann Aquino
July 2017






Forthcoming


Mastering Private Equity: Transformation via Venture Capital, Minority Investments and Buyouts
by Claudia Zeisberger, Michael Prahl, Bowen White
August 2017







Show: 
 All
     Only Textbooks & Course Offerings
        

    Sort by: 

Featured Titles
A-Z by Title
A-Z by Author
Publication Date


All Titles in General & Introductory Finance & Investments   (677)



A Practitioner's Guide to Asset Allocation
by William Kinlaw, Mark P. Kritzman, David Turkington, Harry M. Markowitz (Foreword by)
May 2017, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $39.95 Buy




Buying, Selling, and Valuing Financial Practices: The FP Transitions M&A Guide, + Website
by David Grau, Sr.
August 2016, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $60.00 Buy




The Essential Advisor: Building Value in the Investor-Advisor Relationship
by Bill Crager, Jay Hummel, Jean Sherman Chatzky (Foreword by)
May 2016, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $40.00 Buy




Stock Investing For Dummies, 5th Edition
by Paul Mladjenovic
May 2016, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $24.99 Buy




Loaded: Money, Psychology, and How to Get Ahead without Leaving Your Values Behind
by Sarah Newcomb
April 2016, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $27.95 Buy




Bogle On Mutual Funds: New Perspectives For The Intelligent Investor
by John C. Bogle
April 2015, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $19.95 Buy




Get Rich with Dividends: A Proven System for Earning Double-Digit Returns, 2nd Edition
by Marc Lichtenfeld
February 2015, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $40.00 Buy




Big Mistakes: The Best Investors and Their Worst Investments
by Michael Batnick
February 2018, Hardcover
US $34.95 Buy




The Little Book of Common Sense Investing: The Only Way to Guarantee Your Fair Share of Stock Market Returns, Updated and Revised
by John C. Bogle
October 2017, Hardcover
US $24.95 Buy




The Growth Mindset: Leadership Makes a Difference in Wealth Management
by Rick Capozzi
September 2017, Hardcover
US $29.95 Buy




CFA Program Curriculum 2018 Level III, Volumes 1 - 6 Box Set
by CFA Institute
July 2017, Paperback
US $299.00 Buy




Trend Following: How to Make a Fortune in Bull, Bear, and Black Swan Markets, 5th Edition
by Michael W. Covel, Barry Ritholtz (Foreword by)
April 2017, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $40.00 Buy




Invest Like a Guru: How to Generate Higher Returns At Reduced Risk With Value Investing
by Charlie Tian
April 2017, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $34.95 Buy




Wiley FINRA Series 3 Exam Review 2017: The National Commodities Futures Examination
by Wiley
March 2017, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $149.95 Buy




Wiley FINRA Series 66 Exam Review 2017: The Uniform Combined State Law Examination
by Wiley
March 2017, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $100.00 Buy




Wiley FINRA Series 62 Exam Review 2017: The Corporate Securities Representative Examination
by Wiley
March 2017, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $115.00 Buy




Wiley FINRA Series 99 Exam Review 2017: The Operations Professional Examination
by Wiley
March 2017, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $115.00 Buy




Wiley FINRA Series 10 Exam Review 2017: The General Securities Sales Supervisor Examination -- General Module
by Wiley
March 2017, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $259.95 Buy




Wiley FINRA Series 26 Exam Review 2017: The Investment Company and Variable Contracts Products Principal Examination
by Wiley
March 2017, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $110.00 Buy




Wiley FINRA Series 63 Exam Review 2017: The Uniform Securities Sate Law Examination
by Wiley
March 2017, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $79.95 Buy





Listings:1-2021-4041-6061-80more...









About Wiley

About Us
Subjects
Careers
Events
Locations
Brands
Investor Relations
Newsroom



Resources

Authors
Instructors
Students
Librarians
Societies
Booksellers





Customer Support

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Contact Us
Help



Copyright © 2000-2017
	           by
	           John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies.
	           All rights reserved.
		


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          













Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip



















Public Records Official

























Mauldin Records
Find Mauldin Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              Mauldin Records           	
Do you need access to records? Did you have a relative that you need to find? When you begin a search for Mauldin Records, you will find that it is so natural to find the records you want just by utilizing our public records site to locate the records you want. A Mauldin Records search is quick and simple. You can begin by writing your name if the records are for you or someone else's name in the event that you are searching for records for them in the search box on our site and you can start your records search. It's that quick and you can search for Mauldin Records anytime day in and day out!

For a quick inquiry, simply type your name or someone else's in the available search field to access public records. Typically, public records may include address records, birth records, court records, alias records, criminal records, prison records, and other types of public records that you may need. You don't have to wait for your records or remain in long lines. With our site, you can locate your Mauldin Records at whatever time you want and you can even print them from the convenience and privacy of your own home. 

Begin a new Mauldin Records search today and when you're ready to start your Mauldin Records request, simply go to our site and type your first and last name in the search area. To help you find Mauldin Records, just use your home PC for added privacy. Begin your Mauldin Records search today. You can have your copies printed out ASAP!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























Mauldin Records
Find Mauldin Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              Mauldin Records           	
Do you need access to records? Did you have a relative that you need to find? When you begin a search for Mauldin Records, you will find that it is so natural to find the records you want just by utilizing our public records site to locate the records you want. A Mauldin Records search is quick and simple. You can begin by writing your name if the records are for you or someone else's name in the event that you are searching for records for them in the search box on our site and you can start your records search. It's that quick and you can search for Mauldin Records anytime day in and day out!

For a quick inquiry, simply type your name or someone else's in the available search field to access public records. Typically, public records may include address records, birth records, court records, alias records, criminal records, prison records, and other types of public records that you may need. You don't have to wait for your records or remain in long lines. With our site, you can locate your Mauldin Records at whatever time you want and you can even print them from the convenience and privacy of your own home. 

Begin a new Mauldin Records search today and when you're ready to start your Mauldin Records request, simply go to our site and type your first and last name in the search area. To help you find Mauldin Records, just use your home PC for added privacy. Begin your Mauldin Records search today. You can have your copies printed out ASAP!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official


























INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS 
Police Records, Mugshots, Contact Information and Much More!  






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS            	
background checks Records are available instantly. Just enter the name of the person that you would like to search. You will then be able to view all the background checks Records that pertain to that person. background checks Records are public records which are documents or pieces of information that are not considered confidential and can be viewed instantly online.






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























CRIMINAL RECORDS  
Find Criminal Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              CRIMINAL RECORDS             	
Criminal Records is a search database that you've been looking for. If you're to make informed decisions, then it becomes extremely important for you to rely on quality search database. If you're to background checks, then we're a name you can rely on. If you aren't sure of how to get started with Criminal Records, then rest assured, it isn't much of a hassle anyway. So, what does it actually take to search Criminal Records? Nothing much. All you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. 
Just enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information including criminal records and arrest records. If this something you don't want to miss out on, then all you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. If this sounds interesting enough, then make sure to search Criminal Records. You'll be provided with all the comprehensive, detailed and timely search results that can count on in terms of ascertaining one's public background. As long as you know the name, you can search Criminal Records with complete peace of mind. 
When you search Criminal Records, you're provided with all the required Criminal Records information within minutes. This means you no longer have to wait for hours to receive the required Criminal Records information. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from.
Try your Criminal Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official


























PUBLIC RECORDS
Find Public Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              PUBLIC RECORDS           	
Public Records searches can help you find records regardless of where you live. If you want to find a man or woman from your past, or if by chance you want to search for accessible Public Records, you can use a records inquiry to help you. 

If you are concerned how this may be possible or how would you find records to help you find somebody with an online request, it's simple. These are Public Records. When you are prepared to begin a Public Records search, you can essentially just go to our Public Records site and enter your name or another person's name in the inquiry bar and with a few direct steps, you can access records for anybody that you want. You have search throughout the day, consistently and you can search conveniently from home. 

Searching for Public Records? The speediest way to find the records you want is to go to our online database. It's super easy to start. You can basically add your name or the name of somebody else in the inquiry field and you can start a new search for Public Records. Maybe you are searching for an old companion or relative you lost contact with years ago. When you go to our site, you will see that you can get the address records they want to help you with your request. You can even print them out.

When you're prepared to begin a Public Records inquiry, you can get brisk access to Public Records you want to find. Our site is accessible night and day and you never have to wait in line again. Search for Public Records right away and get your records quickly!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























Driving Records
Find Driving Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              Driving Records           	
Driving Records is a comprehensive enough search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. Whether you're to make background checks or opinionated decisions, Driving Records search helps you with all of that. From birth date records to address records, and from public records to court records, you're provided with all the public records information you'd like for. If this sounds interesting enough, then what are you waiting for? 

Getting hold of the required and relevant public records information is as easy as it gets. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. That's correct. All you need is to enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information with ease. If this sounds interesting enough, then rest assured, there isn't much you need to do to search Driving Records. If you know the name of the person, then that's about it.

When you search Driving Records, you're provided with all the information in the nick of time. This means you don't have to put in much of an effort to search Driving Records. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. If you don't want to spend hours waiting for the information you require, then make sure to search Driving Records. We're a search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. 

If you're feeling like going ahead with Driving Records, then try your Driving Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 






















