 



Maven – health & wellness designed for women. Video appointments with Doctors, Nurse Practitioners, Nutritionists and Pregnancy specialists, all from your computer or iPhone.




































 



Win with Maven | Maven Clinic - Giveaways


















Win a chance to Detox Your Life
It’s time to clean out, and level up. Win $1400 in products that will help you upgrade your health, your home, and even your sex life.

















Enter to win:

Maven video appointments with health and wellness providers. ($200 value)
A 12 month subscription to Cora, which includes their Signature Kit and a year's worth of their 100% premium organic tampons. ($165 value)
A gift certificate to Daily Harvest for frozen ready-to-blend smoothies shipped straight to your door. ($200 value)
The Detox and Glow Skin Care Kit and a gift card from One Love Organics, a collection of products designed to cleanse, balance, and restore harmony to your skin. ($200 value)
A gift certificate to PANATEA, premium instant matcha. ($200 value)
An annual subscription to Soapply, clean and natural soap, delivered to your door monthly. ($240 value)
A gift certificate to Sustain, the company makes all natural sexual wellness products for happy, healthy vaginas. ($200 value)


















	MAVEN Trademark of MAVEN CLINIC CO.. Serial Number: 86325838 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
MAVEN










 
Get FREE email alerts













MAVEN  Trademark Information
 MAVEN CLINIC CO.
Computer application software for mobile phones, computers, handheld computers and mobile computing devices, namely, software for enabling users to engage in video consultations with healthcare professionals and healthcare providers, for uploading, downloading, transmitting and receiving voice, video, audio, text, images, messages, payments and information, for selecting and scheduling appointments with healthcare professionals and providers, ...
Providing on-line forums for transmission of messages among computer users concerning healthcare and women's healthcare issues; Teleconferencing and video conferencing services




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Communications Services





Words that describe this mark
application   software   mobile   phones      computers      handheld   computers   mobile   computing   devices         software   enabling   users   engage   video   consultations   healthcare   professionals   healthcare   providers      uploading    
                                    




This is a brand page for the MAVEN trademark by MAVEN CLINIC CO. 
                                in New York, NY, 10002.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MAVEN trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner MAVEN CLINIC CO. of the MAVEN trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MAVEN trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, July 1, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MAVEN by 
                        MAVEN CLINIC CO., New York, NY  10002.
                        The USPTO has given the MAVEN 
                        trademark serial  number of  86325838.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is THIRD EXTENSION - GRANTED.
                        The correspondent listed for MAVEN is 
                        
                        
                                            Carlo F. Van den Bosch of 
                                            Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP,  Fourth Floor, 650 Town Center Drive Costa Mesa CA 92626
                                .
                            The MAVEN trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Communications Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MAVEN 
                            is Computer application software for mobile phones, computers, handheld computers and mobile computing devices, namely, software for enabling users to engage in video consultations with healthcare professionals and healthcare providers, for uploading, downloading, transmitting and receiving voice, video, audio, text, images, messages, payments and information, for selecting and scheduling appointments with healthcare professionals and providers, and for engaging in social networking with other users. 
                            





Word mark:
 MAVEN


  Status/Status Date:  


THIRD EXTENSION - GRANTED

5/19/2017



  Serial Number:  
86325838


  Filing Date:  
7/1/2014


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Computer application software for mobile phones, computers, handheld computers and mobile computing devices, namely, software for enabling users to engage in video consultations with healthcare professionals and healthcare providers, for uploading, downloading, transmitting and receiving voice, video, audio, text, images, messages, payments and information, for selecting and scheduling appointments with healthcare professionals and providers, and for engaging in social networking with other users


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/26/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

MAVEN CLINIC CO.New York, NY  10002
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Carlo F. Van den Bosch
Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP
Fourth Floor
650 Town Center Drive
Costa Mesa CA 92626





 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (038) - Telecommunications. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MAVEN trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/19/2017
THIRD EXTENSION - GRANTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Carlo F. Van den Bosch


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MAVEN trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search maven on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MAVEN 




MAVEN is providing Computer application software for mobile phones, computers, handheld computers and mobile computing devices, namely, software for enabling users to engage in video consultations with healthcare professionals and healthcare providers, for uploading, downloading, transmitting and receiving voice, video, audio, text, images, messages, payments and information, for selecting and scheduling appointments with healthcare professionals and providers, and for engaging in social networking with other u....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 



Win with Maven | Maven Clinic - Giveaways


















Win a $5,000 wellness getawayto Riviera Maya, Mexico
Take care of your mind, body, and soul. Enter for the chance to win a $5000 health-focused Mexico vacation.














Enter to win:

A 4-night stay for two at the Fairmont Mayakoba in Riviera Maya, Mexico.
Daily buffet breakfast.
Activities including an on-property boat tour, and a couples massage at Willow Stream Spa.
$200 towards flights.
$200 spa & wellness gift card from Spa Week, the expert on spa packages and treatments near you.
$368 product bundle from Organifi, a healthy superfood and supplement company.
$200 to Home Chef, the meal delivery company that delivers fresh ingredients and recipes right to your door.

















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




Maven Clinic Co.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 12:05 PM ET
Healthcare Providers and Services

Company Overview of Maven Clinic Co.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Maven Clinic Co. provides an application for women to book appointments with healthcare practitioners on mobile devices. Its application connects patients with healthcare practitioners via video by allowing them to book an appointment with doctors, nurse practitioners, nutritionists, mental health providers, pregnancy experts, and other practitioners, as well as get a prescription if needed. The company also offers Maven Campus, an on-demand healthcare application for students and recent graduates to provide access to same-day video appointments with doctors, nurse practitioners, and mental health providers; and Maven Enterprise for businesses to provide pregnancy, postpartum, and back-to-wo...
Maven Clinic Co. provides an application for women to book appointments with healthcare practitioners on mobile devices. Its application connects patients with healthcare practitioners via video by allowing them to book an appointment with doctors, nurse practitioners, nutritionists, mental health providers, pregnancy experts, and other practitioners, as well as get a prescription if needed. The company also offers Maven Campus, an on-demand healthcare application for students and recent graduates to provide access to same-day video appointments with doctors, nurse practitioners, and mental health providers; and Maven Enterprise for businesses to provide pregnancy, postpartum, and back-to-work support for their female employees. Maven Clinic Co. was founded in 2014 and is based in New York, New York.
Detailed Description


335 Madison Avenue16th floorNew York, NY 10017United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 347-509-6960

www.mavenclinic.com







Key Executives for Maven Clinic Co.




Ms. Katherine Ryder


      	Founder and Chief Executive Officer 
      








Mr. Zach Zaro


      	Chief Technology Officer
      








Mr. Ben Milstien


      	Vice President of Sales
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Maven Clinic Co. Key Developments

Maven Hires Ben Milstien as VP of Sales
Jan 26 17
Maven announced its hire of Ben Milstien as its VP of Sales. He will lead the sales strategy for the company's enterprise product, Maven Maternity, a 15-month digital program that helps
expecting and new moms navigate pregnancy and their maternity leave, supported by the company's national telemedicine network. His focus will be working directly with insurers, employers, and consultants to grow this part of Maven's business. Prior to joining the company, Milstien was a sales director for RedBrick Health where he covered the entire Southeast territory and singlehandedly doubled sales in his region during his tenure.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @ Home Medical, Inc. United States @home approach, llc United States @Home Care United States 1011 E. Pecan Grove Road, LLC United States 1104 Welsh Road Operations LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Maven Clinic Co., please visit www.mavenclinic.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Maven Practitioners | Maven Practitioners


















Skip to main content









Toggle navigation









 










 


Welcome to Maven
Please log in with the credentials you were supplied with to access your application.

 


Username or e-mail *



Password *


Request new password


Log in

 












Maven




























Maven Knowledgebase




General information



What is Maven?


Is my personal health data secure?





Technical requirements



What technology or equipment do I need to use Maven?


Can I use Maven from an Android device?


Which web browser should I use?


Can I have a Maven phone call instead of a video appointment?





Booking an appointment



How do I make an appointment?


What timezone are the appointments listed in?


What are education-only appointments?


What happens after my appointment?





Preparing to launch your appointment



Should I do anything to prepare for my appointment?


How do I begin my appointment?





Prescriptions on Maven



Can I receive a prescription on Maven? 


Are there any prescriptions I cannot receive on Maven?





Payment and billing



What is the cost of a Maven video appointment? 


Can I use insurance with Maven? 


What if I need to cancel an appointment?


What is the cost of Maven private messaging?


Can I use my Flex Spending Account (FSA) or Health Savings Account (HSA) to pay for my Maven appointment?





Maven Campus



What should I do if I can't find an appointment when I need it?


Is there a limit to how many appointments I can book or how many messages I can send?


Can I speak to the same practitioner more than once?


What if I need to cancel an appointment?


How do I sign up?


What is meant by unlimited membership?



                    See all 9 articles
                  


















Maven | AngelList





































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help



















 


Maven is on AngelList, where the world meets startups.

To connect with Maven,
sign up
for AngelList today.





Sign up
Log in


















Maven


Connect instantly with highly-vetted healthcare providers




Share

View 1 Job








View 1 Job












New York City







Mobile · Health Care · Marketplaces · Health and Wellness






11-50

employees


















mavenclinic.com







Sign up to see how you are connected to Maven






















Maven







Share



View Jobs








Company







Overview



Overview








There was a problem loading your content.



Product




Maven connects patients with vetted, highly-qualified healthcare practitioners via video, with appointments starting at less than the price of a co-pay. No more waiting rooms and no more self-diagnosis. Maven allows consumers to book an appointment with a doctor, nurse practitioner, nutritionist, mental health provider, or pregnancy expert from wherever they are, and get a prescription if needed.… · More






Founders







Katherine Ryder


Founder & CEO of Maven • Worked at @Index Ventures, @The Economist Group • Studied at @University of Michigan







Funding


Investors
from previous rounds







Sherry Coutu


Serial Entrepreneur, Non-exec director, Angel Investor








Brent Hoberman


cofounder http://lastminute.com, http://made.com, http://mydeco.com, founders forum,profounderscapital, non exec:gmg,talktalk,easycar,shazam+ timeout








Eileen Burbidge


Partner at @Passion Capital and Co-founder @White Bear Yard (London). Online identities: Eileen Tso, Eileen Broch, Eileen Burbidge








Robert Dighero


Active angel investor at @White Bear Yard and partner at Passion Capital








David Chan

Investor
Managing Director at Jennison Associates








Great Oaks Venture Capital


Early Stage Venture Capital Firm



View all 26 Past Investors

Incubator






Grand Central Tech

Incubator
Transforming promising companies into extraordinary ones







Team



Employees







Suzie Grange


Building product at @Maven. Previously at @DueDil and @DigitisedArt; studied at @Brunel University








Zachary Zaro


CTO at Maven. Worked at @Percolate.








Tarynne Lopez

Lead Designer







Past Employees







Melanie Eisenberg

Campus Head
NYS Certified EMT, Maven Clinic Campus Head, Medical Services Volunteer Guatemala, Magen Dovid Adom (EMT - Israel),






Advisors







Leslie Ziegler


Designer, writer, entrepreneur & health enthusiast. Previous life in advertising. 







Jobs


Care Coordinator (Customer Experience Team)


Full Time
·
New York City

$35k - $45k · 0.1 - 0.2%









Sent





Apply now







Add a message to Maven



Apply










View Details














Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified













Maven














































































Blog









































 News Flash 5 Healthcare Lessons for Organizations Working to Attract and Retain Top Female TalentOver the past year, my company, Maven, has spoken with hundreds of executives from Fortune 500s. We’ve asked each of them what is and isn’t working in their efforts to win the war for female talent, and particularly in their approach to maternity benefits.Their responses are both reassuring and surprising. They are reassuring in their near-universal commitment to making organizations more female-friendly, not as a nice thing to do but as a business imperative. But what’s equally clear is that benefits departments often don’t know where to start.READ MOREHere's What Healthcare For Women In The Workplace Could Look Like In 2017The women’s health landscape is changing rapidly and unpredictably; the impact — on companies and on individuals — will be significant. The past decade has seen several important advancements in access to women’s healthcare: insurers have been banned from systematically charging women more than men for the same product; access to women’s preventative care like mammograms, cervical cancer screenings and birth control has increased; and pre-clinical research – the studies on mice and rats before you hit clinical trials with humans – is finally including female rodents. (Before 2016, research around drugs and disease had a serious sex bias.)READ MOREHow the college healthcare market surprised usIn the world of startups, sometimes you find your customers–and sometimes they find you.When we launched Maven last year, we focused on giving women better and quicker access to top healthcare advice around pregnancy and childbirth. Our first two years of operation have generally validated this hypothesis — but also delivered new, and perhaps more surprising, insights on gaps in the women’s healthcare market.READ MORE  Maternity Benefits Aren't Just A “Nice To Have”Curious how Maven can help your business?


      
        Download White Paper
      
    


Download the white paper




Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Organization name *



Organization size



Position






Thank you!




 





 


 




















© Copyright 2016 Maven Clinic co.


 



 



