


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Maxwell Technologies Distributor | DigiKey Electronics
























United States

1-800-344-4539


Change Country

English

USD


 Your item(s) View Cart Login orREGISTER LoginRegisterWhy Register





All ProductsAll ContentAudio ProductsBattery ProductsBoxes Enclosures RacksCable AssembliesCables Wires ManagementCables WiresCapacitorsCircuit ProtectionComputers Office Components AccessoriesConnectors InterconnectsCrystals and OscillatorsDevelopment Boards, Kits, ProgrammersDiscrete Semiconductor ProductsEmbedded ComputersFans Thermal ManagementFiltersHardware Fasteners AccessoriesInductors Coils ChokesIndustrial Controls MetersIntegrated CircuitsIsolatersKitsLine Protection Distribution BackupsMagnetics Transformer Inductor ComponentsMaker/DIY, EducationalMemory Cards ModulesMotors Solenoids Driver Boards ModulesNetworking SolutionsOptical Inspection EquipmentOptoelectronics Potentiometers Variable ResistorsPower Supplies Board MountPower Supplies External Internal Off-BoardPrototyping ProductsRelaysResistorsRF IF and RFIDSensors TransducersSoldering Desoldering Rework ProductsStatic Control ESD Clean Room ProductsSwitchesTape AdhesivesTest and MeasurementToolsTransformers





PRODUCTS MANUFACTURERS RESOURCESResearchAcademic ProgramArticlesBlog - TheCircuitContent LibraryEngineering ResourcesIndustrial AutomationIoT Product SelectorNewest ProductsProduct Training ModulesSensors Product SelectorTechForumVideo LibraryDesignConversion CalculatorsDevelopment ToolsEDA & Design ToolsMaker.ioReference Designs Scheme-it® Design ToolTechZones℠Search / OrderingBOM ManagerBrowser ResourcesOnline CatalogOrder StatusShopping Cart 






Manufacturer Linecard
            
        >
            
            Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
        








Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
 - For more than 45 years, our world-class research and product development teams have established Maxwell Technologies as a global leader in developing, manufacturing and marketing energy storage and power delivery solutions for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications as well as for radiation-hardened microelectronic components and systems for satellites and spacecraft. Maxwell products are designed and built to provide failure-free performance for the life of the most demanding applications.







PARTS
CONTENT










Product Listing
View All







Capacitors (47)





Accessories (2)


Electric Double Layer Capacitors (EDLC), Supercapacitors (45)











Newest Products
View All (4)










DuraBlue™ K2 Ultracapacitors
Maxwell Technologies expands its K2 family of ultracapacitors with the 2.85 V, 3400 Farad cell.
Learn More








D Cell Series Ultracapacitor
Maxwell's D Cell ultracapacitors have an operating temp range of -40°C to 65°C and radial mounting design for easy surface mount assembly.
Learn More










K2 Series Ultracapacitor
Maxwell’s K2 ultracapacitor cells have an electrostatic storage capability that can cycle a million charges and discharges without performance degradation.
Learn More








HC Series Ultracapacitor
Maxwell Technologies' HC cells offer low internal resistance, 10 year life capability, and are rated at 2.7 V at 65°C and 2.3 V at 85°C.
Learn More








Product Training Modules
View All (7)







K2 Cell Series of Ultracapacitors
Duration: 5 minutes
Specifications, usage, and part number breakdown of the K2 cell ultracapacitors. Applications include hybrid diesel electric busses and industrial backup power.





D Cell Series of Ultracapacitors 
Duration: 5 minutes
D cell series feature radial mounting design for easy surface mount assembly. Benefits include high burst power, quick charge, and green technology.







75V Module Series of Ultracapacitors
Duration: 5 minutes
Specifications, applications, and naming conventions for Maxwell's 75V module series of ultracapacitors.





56V Module Series of Ultracapacitors
Duration: 5 minutes
Features include standard rackmount configurations and a 14 year lifetime.  Easily integrated into existing systems and maintenance free with no toxic materials.








Featured Videos
View All (3)







Maxwell Technologies Ultracapacitors Power Emirates Air Line Cable Car
Roof-mounted Maxwell Technologies ultracapacitor





Ultracapacitor 101
What is an ultracapacitor?







AWEA Windpower 2014 Company Showcase:  Maxwell Technologies
Eize de Vries interviews Maxwell Technologies' Sr. Product Marketing Manager, Wolfgang Beez, about Maxwell Technologies and the advantages of using ultracapacitors in the renewable energy sector.













Additional Content




Datasheets

16 V Modules
16 V Small Cell Module
48 V Modules
56 V Module
75 V Module
125 V Heavy Transportation Module
160 V Module
BC Series Ultracapacitors
HC Series Ultracapacitors
K2 Series Ultracapacitors

Brochures

Overview Flyer
Product Comparison Matrix



Technical Notes

HC Cell Soldering Guidelines
Mounting and Soldering of BC and PC Series Products
Ultracapacitor Cell Sizing

White Papers

Ultracapacitor Automotive Solutions
Ultracapacitor Usage in Wind Turbine Pitch Control Systems
Using Ultracapacitors for Voltage Stabilization
Design Considerations for Ultracapacitors








Manufacturer Web site






Visit Maxwell Technologies, Inc.'s Web site















Information
Terms & ConditionsBlog - TheCircuitTechForumAbout Digi-KeyContact UsNewsroomSite MapSupported BrowsersPrivacy StatementCareers

United States
sales@digikey.com
Toll Free: 1-800-344-4539Phone: 218-681-6674Fax: 218-681-3380




International
AfricaAsiaAustraliaEuropeMiddle EastNorth AmericaSouth America




Copyright © 1995-2017, Digi-Key Electronics.All Rights Reserved.701 Brooks Avenue South,Thief River Falls, MN 56701 USA













	Maxwell Technologies Ultracapacitors, Supercapacitors and High Voltage






























maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener






















Over 58,000 Onshore and Offshore Wind Turbines Worldwide.
Learn More about Our wind applications




The Award Winning Engine Start Module.
Learn More about its features and applications.



Start-Stop TechnologyGets a Boostfrom UltracapacitorsLearn More about Our Start-Stop Technology











POWER GRID









TRANSPORTATION











MAXWELLIN THE NEWS




Advanced energy storage
Read More









EVENTS




Check out our current events!




Improve Starting Reliability for Truck FleetsDownload White Paper Now














	Maxwell Worldwide Corporate Offices and Contact Us






































maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener














Home
 Contact Us









Contact Us
Maxwell Worldwide Corporate Offices


United StatesMaxwell Technologies, Inc.
		3888 Calle Fortunada
		San Diego, CA 92123
		USA

		PH: +1 (858) 503-3300
		FX: +1 (858) 503-3301
		Toll Free: (877) 511-4324

SwitzerlandMaxwell Technologies SA
		Route de Montena 65
		CH-1728 Rossens
		Switzerland

		PH: +41 (0)26 411 85 00
		FX: +41 (0)26 411 85 05
                                    

GermanyMaxwell Technologies GmbH
		                     
Leopoldstrasse 244
		80807 München
		Germany

		Tel: +49 (0)89 4161403 0
		Fax: +49 (0)89 4161403 99
                                     


ChinaMaxwell Technologies
		Shanghai Trading Co., Ltd
		Room 1005, 1006 and 1007
		No. 1898, Gonghexin Road,
		Jing An District, Shanghai 200072

		PH: +86 21 3680 4600
		FX: +86 21 3680 4699


South KoreaMaxwell Technologies Korea Co., Ltd
		Rm. 906, S-dong, H square, 231 Pangyoyeok-ro,
		Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, Korea, 13437

		Tel: +82 10 4518 9829
                                     
For more information regarding Maxwell Technologies, Inc. and our products, please complete the form below. 

	Maxwell Technologies, Inc. completed a transaction to sell its microelectronics product line, for microelectronics products please click here to be directed to Data Device Corporation.






Company Name




First Name *


Last Name *





Email*
 *


Phone Number (numbers only):





Address  *
 

City *
 


State, Province or Territory:  *


Postal Code:  *



Country:

Please Select
United States
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Area of Interest:

Area of Interest
Ultracapacitors
High Voltage
Engine Start Module
Generator Starting
Other



Comments:



 Please enter these numbers/letters into the input box:




















Contact Maxwell

Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
3888 Calle Fortunada
San Diego, CA
92123


PH:
+ 1 (858) 503-3300
FX:
+ 1 (858) 503-3301
Toll Free:
+ 1 (877) 511-4324

International Locations

















	Maxwell Technologies | Careers






























maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener














Home
 Careers









Careers
At Maxwell Technologies, we believe that attracting and retaining a talented and diverse workforce is fundamental to our business success. Our employees rise to challenges every day with the same spirit of innovation that our company was founded with. We hire creative thinkers whose efforts contribute to our global growth. 

 View Current Open Positions What does Maxwell Technologies do?
We develop, manufacture and market energy storage and power delivery solutions for the following industries:

Automotive 
Heavy transportation 
Renewable energy 
Backup power 
Wireless communications 
Industrial and consumer electronics applications

We’re headquartered in San Diego, California, with other U.S. locations in Arizona and international locations in Germany, Switzerland, China and South Korea. Visit our Company Overview page to learn more.
Why work at Maxwell?
	Maxwell Technologies is changing the way the world is powered. If you’d like to be part of a dynamic company that is making a difference in how the world uses energy, then Maxwell is the place for you. At Maxwell, you’ll be surrounded by intelligent, resourceful people and have the opportunity to be part of supportive teams that encourage your ideas.
Our Values
	At Maxwell, our core values shape our culture, guide our work and define the character of our company. These core tenets reflect the philosophy and daily business practices of Maxwell Technologies.
  
Employee Benefits
	Maxwell values the hard work and dedication of its employees and offers a generous compensation package. Here are some of the perks and benefits that our employees enjoy:

Health care
	We offer a number of comprehensive options for medical, dental and vision coverage, including HMO and PPO options.

Flexible spending accounts
	Employees save on copays, deductibles and other eligible health care costs using flex spending accounts.

401k
	Employees can elect to defer up to 15% of gross pay into this plan on a pre-tax basis.  After satisfying one year of service, Maxwell contributes $0.50 to employee accounts for every dollar contributed to the plan, up to 6% of eligible pay.

Paid time off
	Vacation, sick leave, personal days and holidays are included in paid time off.

Educational Reimbursement Program
	Maxwell encourages all employees to enhance their professional knowledge and expertise by continuing formal education.  

Employee Stock Purchase Program
	Employees are provided the opportunity to purchase shares of Maxwell stock at a discount through accumulated payroll deductions.  

Internships Available 
	Maxwell offers paid internship opportunities for students and non-students. We hire highly motivated individuals with a passion to learn and grow their skill sets.

	Are you ready to join our team? Search this page for open positions.

	Maxwell Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V 
China - Current Open Positions
Germany - Current Open Positions
Switzerland - Current Open Positions
HV Sales Assistant (100%) 
 
Deal Desk Manager (100%) 
 
USA - Current Open Positions
Senior Business Systems Administrator 
 
Director, Systems Architecture
 
Information Systems Technician
 
Process Engineer
 
Senior Electrical Engineer
 




Contact Maxwell

Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
3888 Calle Fortunada
San Diego, CA
92123


PH:
+ 1 (858) 503-3300
FX:
+ 1 (858) 503-3301
Toll Free:
+ 1 (877) 511-4324

International Locations














	Maxwell Technologies | Company Overview






























maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener














Home
 About Maxwell Technologies









Company Overview
For over 50 years, our world-class research and product development teams have established Maxwell Technologies as a global leader in developing, manufacturing and marketing energy storage and power delivery solutions for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications. Maxwell products are designed and built to provide failure-free performance for the life of the most demanding applications.

	As a market leader and innovator, Maxwell Technologies is committed to providing cost-effective, energy-efficient, environmentally-conscious energy storage and power delivery solutions that extend the limits of current conventions. Our success is built on providing unmatched total solutions to our customers – solutions that deliver superior performance, reliability and value, backed by extraordinary application engineering and field support. Our goal is to build long-term customer relationships by listening, understanding customer-specific requirements and exceeding expectations for value and performance.

	Maxwell’s global organization, deep experience and proven track record spanning over five decades give customers the confidence that comes with dealing with an acknowledged leader in each of the markets we serve with the following lines of high-reliability products:

Our Products




Ultracapacitors
Maxwell’s primary focus is on ultracapacitors, energy storage devices that are characterized by high power density, long operational life, the ability to charge and discharge very rapidly, and reliable performance at extreme temperatures. Maxwell ultracapacitor products provide energy storage and power delivery solutions for applications in many industries, including automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and consumer and industrial electronics.




High Voltage
Maxwell’s CONDIS® high-voltage capacitors are designed and manufactured to perform reliably for decades in all climates. These products include grading and coupling capacitors and capacitive voltage dividers that are used to ensure the safety and reliability of electric utility infrastructure and other applications involving transport, distribution and measurement of high-voltage electrical energy.

Summary
Maxwell Technologies is a customer-focused, service-oriented developer and producer of advanced energy storage and power delivery products for the global marketplace. We are committed to continuous innovation through research and product development to create and deliver products that enable our customers to improve the performance and value of their products. In addition to providing superior products, we support our customers with sophisticated applications engineering services and responsive global field support. As an organization, we are dedicated to collaborating with our customers around the world to lead the way to a greener, more prosperous future with efficient, reliable and cost-effective energy storage and power-delivery solutions.




Contact Maxwell

Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
3888 Calle Fortunada
San Diego, CA
92123


PH:
+ 1 (858) 503-3300
FX:
+ 1 (858) 503-3301
Toll Free:
+ 1 (877) 511-4324

International Locations















	Maxwell Technologies Engine Starting Module

































maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener














Home
Engine Starting










Use our Return on Investment Calculator to find out how much you could save with the Maxwell Engine Start Module!CalculatorCalculator











Maxwell's Ultracapacitor-Based Engine Start Module
Fleets with heavy and medium duty trucks depend on the Maxwell Engine Start Module (ESM) for fast, reliable starting in cold and hot climates. Rugged, lightweight, and low maintenance, the Maxwell ESM takes over all heavy duty engine cranking and is used to crank diesel engines and engines running on alternative fuels, including compressed natural gas (CNG), liquid natural gas (LNG), biodiesel, dimethyl ether (DME) and propane or liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). The Maxwell ESM gives drivers the confidence to shut off and start their trucks throughout the day—helping to minimize idling and in turn reduce both fuel consumption and engine wear-and-tear.
 

The Maxwell ESM is by far the leading ultracapacitor-based engine starting product on the market today and offers unmatched capability in truck starting.








What Our Customers Say

"With the ESM, everything will last longer—the alternators, the starters and the batteries. That’s all part of that ROI. You’re saving on not having service calls, not having jump-starts, and you’re not replacing components as often and you’re saving on that labor." - Bill Turner, Fleet Manager | Holroyd Company, Washington State



"I have absolutely no fear of my truck not starting whatsoever. I know when I turn the key, I’m going to have 1,800 cold cranking amps."- Mike Deffely, Owner Operator | Oregon



"It was a peace-of-mind purchase. Even when it’s cold out I can let the truck sit and just start it right up. I don’t have to worry about keeping the truck warm. I would recommend the ESM to other drivers."- Ryan Forrest, Professional Driver | Sam Forrest and Sons, Michigan

ESM Case Studies
 
FREE WHITE PAPER: How Ultracapacitors Improve Starting Reliability for Truck Fleets
Today’s trucks demand more energy from batteries than ever before, and batteries alone are no longer keeping up. To solve the frustrating problem of discharged batteries that can’t start the truck, fleet managers and operators are turning to ultracapacitor engine start technology for Class 6–8 trucks. In this free white paper, you will learn:

The most common diesel engine starting issues fleets face today
The business advantages of using ultracapacitors for starting, including the ability to dedicate battery energy to power electrical loads while the ultracapacitors provide faster, more reliable starts, even when batteries are severely discharged 
The performance difference between ultracapacitors and batteries in a wide range of temperatures
How the ultracapacitor is installed and connected with existing Group 31 batteries


Download the paper now to learn how fleets improve uptime and gain competitive advantage by using ultracapacitors for engine starting.



We start heavy duty engines like nobody else.
Leave hotel loads to lead-acid batteries and truck starting to us. With the Maxwell ESM, fleets and owner operators can expect better starting performance over batteries alone.  

		Today, Maxwell’s ESM reliably starts over 6,000 trucks across North America and counting, thanks to our robust ultracapacitor technology. Effectively eliminate the expense of no-start downtime and bolster bottom line profits.
Don’t let discharged or weakened batteries jeopardize profits or performance.
The Maxwell ESM takes over engine cranking for trucks with engines up to 16 liters in displacement and delivers faster cranking with quicker starts. Unlike a battery, which is susceptible to extreme cold and hot temperatures, our ultracapacitor-based ESM performs down to –40°F and up to +149°F (–40°C to +65°C).

	Our starting technology gives drivers the confidence that their trucks will start.


	The Maxwell ESM provides higher voltage at lower temperatures—the opposite of a battery.

Kenworth and Peterbilt Trucks with ESM Starting
Kenworth T680s and T880s and Peterbilt 579s and 567s offer the Maxwell ESM as a factory-installed option. Click below to learn how to order your new Kenworth or Peterbilt truck with Maxwell’s ESM.  

Save on Operating Costs and Increase Uptime
How many jump-starts do you pay for in a year? What is the cost of fuel spent on idling? How often do you replace batteries? Maxwell’s payback calculator takes these factors into account and helps you determine how quickly the ESM can pay for itself in your truck or fleet. Many customers have told us that the ESM pays for itself in about one year thanks to the savings on jump-start costs, fuel spent on idling, and tare weight reductions. CalculatorCalculator

Longest-standing, Award-Winning Engine Start Technology
Since 2011, Maxwell has led the way in ultracapacitor-based engine starting technology for the trucking and heavy equipment industries. Our ESM has been recognized for its unique ability to effectively eliminate jump-starts and provide fleet managers and owner operators with an alternative to the lead-acid battery, which has not been able to keep up with the growing energy demands of today’s trucking industry.  

Easy to Install, 24/7 Customer Support
Retrofitting your fleet with the Maxwell ESM is as easy as replacing one Group 31 battery in the battery box and adding a cable. We provide worry-free ownership of your new ESM including a 24/7 technical support line. Customers can call (888) 890-3337 for ESM installation assistance from a Maxwell technical support team member. 


Get the Specs
The Maxwell ESM product line includes the ULTRA 31/1800 and ULTRA 31/900 for Class 3 – 8 trucks and 24 volt versions for heavy duty vehicles and equipment with engine sizes up to 15 liters. 12 Volt Datasheet12 Volt Datasheet
24 Volt Datasheet24 Volt Datasheet

Where to Buy
The ESM is available at hundreds of locations across North America. Use our interactive map to locate a Maxwell dealer near you. 









Contact Maxwell ESM

Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
3888 Calle Fortunada
San Diego, CA
92123


PH:
+ 1 (858) 503-3300
FX:
+ 1 (858) 503-3301
Toll Free:
+ 1 (877) 511-4324


Need ESM technical support? 
Call our 24/7 tech support line at (888) 890-3337















	Maxwell Technologies | Press Releases































maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener














Home
 Press Releases









Press Releases
                    For an archive of all press releases visit our investors page. 
                    
                    
                    



DateTitle

5/9/2017
Maxwell Reports First Quarter 2017 ResultsMaxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL) today reported operational and financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2017. Total revenues for the first quarter of 2017 were $26.7 million, compared with $26.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2016 and $35.2 million for the prior year quarter. Net loss for the first quarter of 2016 was $10.4 million, compared with a net loss of $12.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2016 and a net loss of $6.8 million for the prior year quarter. The Company reported $(3.9) million of adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Adjusted EBITDA) for the first quarter of 2017, compared with $(3.9) million for the fourth quarter of 2016 and $(1.3) million for the prior year quarter. Non-GAAP net loss for the first quarter of 2017 was $7.4 million, compared with a non-GAAP net loss of $7.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2016 and $4.3 million for the prior year quarter. Non-GAAP financial measures are described and defined later in this release.



5/1/2017
Maxwell Technologies names Thibault Kassir VP and GM, Energy Storage Products SAN DIEGO, May 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL) ("Maxwell"), a leading developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced the appointment of Thibault Kassir as Vice President and General Manager, Energy Storage Products. With over 24 years of business and technical knowledge combined with considerable experience in Asia, Kassir will oversee Maxwell's global energy storage product line, tasked to build on recent momentum and to drive future growth.


4/28/2017
Maxwell Completes Acquisition of Nesscap Energy BusinessSAN DIEGO, April 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL) ("Maxwell"), a leading developer and manufacturer of capacitive energy storage and power delivery solutions, announced today that it has successfully completed its acquisition of substantially all of the assets and business, including the operating entities, of Nesscap Energy, Inc. ("Nesscap") pursuant to the arrangement agreement that was announced on February 28, 2017. Maxwell issued approximately 4.15 million shares and assumed ordinary course liabilities of the business in consideration for the purchase of the Nesscap business.


4/10/2017
Maxwell Technologies Announces Agreement with Viex Capital AdvisorsSAN DIEGO, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL) ("Maxwell" or the "Company"), a leading developer and manufacturer of capacitor energy storage and power delivery solutions, announced today that it entered into a cooperation agreement with Viex Capital Advisors, LLC and its affiliates ("Viex") under which the Maxwell Board has agreed to appoint Mr. John Mutch as an independent director and to nominate Mr. Mutch for election at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders as a Class III director of the Company for a term expiring in 2020. Mr. Mutch was selected by Viex but is not an affiliate or associate of Viex. Additionally, the Company and Viex have agreed that, following the 2017 Annual Meeting, the Board will reduce its size to eight, including the Viex nominee.


4/10/2017
Maxwell Signs $47 Million Strategic Equity Investment Agreement with China's SDIC Fund Management Co., Ltd.SAN DIEGO, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL) ("Maxwell"), a leading developer and manufacturer of capacitive energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced the signing of a stock purchase agreement (the "Agreement") with SDIC Fund Management Co., Ltd. ("SDIC Fund Management"). SDIC Fund Management has significant investments in China's energy storage industry, including top battery companies, major system integrators in the new energy market, as well as leading OEMs in the China auto and grid industries. Following the closing of the transaction, SDIC Fund Management's ownership stake in Maxwell's common stock is anticipated to represent approximately 19.9% of Maxwell's total issued and outstanding shares of common stock on a pre-issuance basis. The purchase price is $6.32 per share, which represents a 16% premium over today's closing price, and will bring approximately $46.6 million in cash to Maxwell before transaction costs.


3/7/2017
Maxwell Announces Participation in 29th Annual ROTH ConferenceSAN DIEGO, March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL) announced today that Dr. Franz Fink, President and Chief Executive Officer, will present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference to be held at The Ritz-Carlton in Dana Point, California. The presentation is scheduled to take place on Tuesday, March 14 beginning at approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time.


2/28/2017
Maxwell Technologies to Acquire Nesscap Energy BusinessSAN DIEGO and SEOUL, South Korea, Feb. 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL) ("Maxwell") and Nesscap Energy Inc. (TSX VENTURE: NCE) ("Nesscap"), leading developers and manufacturers of capacitive energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced that they have entered into an agreement (the "Arrangement Agreement") in which Maxwell proposes to acquire substantially all of the assets and business of Nesscap (the "Arrangement" or the "Transaction").


2/28/2017
Maxwell Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Results and Executes Key Strategic ActionsSAN DIEGO, Feb. 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL) today reported operational and financial results for the three months ended December 31, 2016. Total revenues for the fourth quarter of 2016 were $26.4 million, compared with $25.5 million for the third quarter of 2016 and $49.8 million for the prior year quarter. Net loss for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $12.2 million, compared with a net loss of $6.9 million for the third quarter of 2016 and a net loss of $2.2 million for


2/27/2017
Maxwell Announces July 13 as Updated Date for 2017 Annual Meeting of StockholdersSAN DIEGO, Feb. 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL), a leading developer and manufacturer of capacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, announced today that the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders has been rescheduled from Wednesday, May 10, 2017 to Thursday, July 13, 2017.  Pursuant to the company's Bylaws, as amended on February 24, 2017, the deadline for properly presented stockholder proposals, including director nominations, is April 14, 2017.


2/7/2017
Maxwell Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Release Date SAN DIEGO, Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL), announced today that it plans to release financial and operational results for the fourth quarter 2016, after market close on Tuesday, February 28, 2017. Following the release, Maxwell management will host a conference call with a live webcast to discuss these results. Other forward-looking and material information may also be discussed during this call.




123










Contact Maxwell

Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
3888 Calle Fortunada
San Diego, CA
92123


PH:
+ 1 (858) 503-3300
FX:
+ 1 (858) 503-3301
Toll Free:
+ 1 (877) 511-4324

International Locations















	Maxwell Technologies Ultracapacitors, Supercapacitors and High Voltage






























maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener






















Over 58,000 Onshore and Offshore Wind Turbines Worldwide.
Learn More about Our wind applications




The Award Winning Engine Start Module.
Learn More about its features and applications.



Start-Stop TechnologyGets a Boostfrom UltracapacitorsLearn More about Our Start-Stop Technology











POWER GRID









TRANSPORTATION











MAXWELLIN THE NEWS




Advanced energy storage
Read More









EVENTS




Check out our current events!




Improve Starting Reliability for Truck FleetsDownload White Paper Now














	Maxwell Technologies Ultracapacitors, Supercapacitors and High Voltage






























maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener






















Over 58,000 Onshore and Offshore Wind Turbines Worldwide.
Learn More about Our wind applications




The Award Winning Engine Start Module.
Learn More about its features and applications.



Start-Stop TechnologyGets a Boostfrom UltracapacitorsLearn More about Our Start-Stop Technology











POWER GRID









TRANSPORTATION











MAXWELLIN THE NEWS




Advanced energy storage
Read More









EVENTS




Check out our current events!




Improve Starting Reliability for Truck FleetsDownload White Paper Now












Maxwell Technologies , Inc. Competitors and Products in the Medical Device Directory   Medical Device DirectoryMaxwell Technologies , Inc.Maxwell Technologies , Inc. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 09244 Balboa AvenueSan Diego, CA 92123About Maxwell Technologies , Inc.Maxwell is a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative, cost-effective energy storage and power delivery solutions.Our BOOSTCAP® ultracapacitor cells and multi-cell packs and modules provide safe and reliable power solutions for applications in consumer and industrial electronics, transportation and telecommunications.Our CONDIS® high-voltage grading and coupling capacitors help to ensure the safety and reliability of electric utility infrastructure and other applications involving transport, distribution and measurement of high-voltage electrical energy.Our radiation-mitigated microelectronic products include power modules, memory modules and single board computers that incorporate powerful commercial silicon for superior performance and high reliability in aerospace applications.Competitors of Maxwell Technologies , Inc.TRICOR Systems IncTRICOR Systems Inc. has provided electronic contract manufacturing since 1976. TRICOR’s award winning engineering staff develops electro-mechanical/electro-optical equipment from concept to finished product. TRICOR designs and manufactures Class 1, 2 & 3 medical devices and offers services... Read More Send an email Email Sent 3 products Write a reviewMENSORMensor, now a part of WIKA, designs and manufactures high accuracy pressure and temperature testing and calibration equipment. Mensor products are used to verify accuracy and precisely control pressure and temperature in equipment used in the medical device industry, and others. Our... Read More Send an email Email Sent 8 products Write a reviewITW IDS Division (ITW CER, ITW Morlock, Trans Tech, United Silicone)Industrial Decorating Solutions (IDS) is a worldwide division of ITW that continuously develops and manufactures a wide array of foils, inks, pads, plates, and transfers, as well as a full spectrum of decorating equipment - Pad Print, Hot Stamp, Heat Transfer, and Heat Seal - offering customers... Read More Send an email Email Sent 4 products Write a reviewNews about Maxwell Technologies , Inc.Maxwell Chairman of the Board Transition Posted 5/25/2017Maxwell Technologies names Thibault Kassir VP and GM, Energy Storage Products Posted 5/1/2017Maxwell Completes Acquisition of Nesscap Energy Business Posted 4/28/2017View all news  ×Rate and Review Maxwell Technologies , Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Maxwell Technologies , Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Maxwell Technologies , Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review TRICOR Systems Inc     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of TRICOR Systems Inc. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of TRICOR Systems Inc.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact TRICOR Systems Inc Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Medical Device Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review MENSOR     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of MENSOR. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of MENSOR.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact MENSOR Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Medical Device Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review ITW IDS Division (ITW CER, ITW Morlock, Trans Tech, United Silicone)     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of ITW IDS Division (ITW CER, ITW Morlock, Trans Tech, United Silicone). We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of ITW IDS Division (ITW CER, ITW Morlock, Trans Tech, United Silicone).We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact ITW IDS Division (ITW CER, ITW Morlock, Trans Tech, United Silicone) Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Medical Device Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Medical Device Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Medical Device Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address

	Maxwell Technologies Products




















maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener














Home
Products & Solutions









Maxwell Technologies Products

Engine Starting






ESM ULTRA 31/1800
The ESM isn’t a battery. But instead it replaces the starter battery and works in tandem with the other batteries, using power-dense ultracapacitors to deliver reliable, quick-burst power at ignition—even after hotel loading, in hot or cold temperature extremes.
View Product










ESM ULTRA 31/900
Whether the medium duty trucks in your fleet are step vans, package cars, utility vehicles, lease/rental trucks or food & beverage delivery trucks, Maxwell has the solution to your jump-start and stranded vehicle headaches.
View Product










ESM 24-VOLT
Whether you build or maintain buses or heavy equipment that utilize 24-volt starting systems, you’ll want to seriously consider the Maxwell 24-Volt Engine Start Module. It provides up to 1100 CCA* at 24 volts in a single BCI Group 31 enclosure. The ESM takes over the starting function completely – leaving batteries free to power energy-intensive, parasitic loads. Batteries frequently do not have the power needed to start your engine – particularly if it’s been a while since the engine was last started.
View Product






Ultracapacitor Products
Modules







51 Volt Module
Our new 51V module is based on our industry-leading 48V module platform and includes the benefits of Maxwell’s proprietary DuraBlue™ Advanced Shock and Vibration Technology. This new module features active balancing, Maxwell’s unique 2.85V cell technology, heat sinks on the top and bottom of the module, and an integrated fan for extreme duty cycle cases.
View Product










“NEW”  48 Volt Modules - With New, DuraBlue™ Technology
Our industry-leading 48V module now includes the benefits of our new DuraBlue™ Advanced Shock and Vibration Technology.
View Product










16 Volt Small Module
Maxwell Technologies’ 16V small cell ultracapacitor module provides energy storage and power delivery in a compact, cost-effective module. The modules are specifically engineered to provide cost-effective solutions for wind turbine pitch control of 1.5MW and smaller, small UPS systems, telecommunications and other lighter-duty industrial electronics applications.
View Product










16 Volt Large Module
Maxwell Technologies’ 16V ultracapacitor module product line provides customers with a broad range of choices to meet their energy storage and power delivery requirements – in a rugged package that can be configured for higher voltages and energy if needed.
View Product










48 Volt Modules
Maxwell Technologies’ 48V ultracapacitor module product line provides customers in transportation and industrial industries with a broad range of choices to meet their energy storage and power delivery requirements.
View Product










56 Volt UPS Module
Maxwell Technologies’ 56V series of ultracapacitor modules provide power during dips, sags in the main power source. In longer term outages, the modules provide transition/bridge power to a longer term back up source such as a motor-generator or fuel cell. For industrial applications, ultracapacitor modules provide power for graceful shutdown of process equipment.
View Product










75 Volt Power Module
Maxwell Technologies’ 75V module is designed for low duty cycle energy storage applications such as wind turbine pitch control and backup power generation systems. The module includes passive balancing circuitry and thermal monitoring, and its enclosure meets the IP54 standard.
View Product










125 Volt Transportation Module
Maxwell Technologies’ 125V Heavy Transportation series of ultracapacitor modules is a high-performance energy storage product line for hybrid buses, trucks, trolleys, light rail, mining, construction and seaport cranes. Each model incorporates balancing, monitoring and thermal management capabilities to ensure industry-leading charge/discharge performance, high reliability and long operational life.
View Product










160 Volt Module
Maxwell Technologies’ 160V module is designed to provide energy storage and power delivery for wind turbine pitch control, short-term uninterrupted power supply (UPS) and renewable energy systems. Primarily designed for pitch control systems for 1.5 to 3MW wind turbines, the 160V module provides a turnkey solution to simplify the installation process and reduce costs for all integration partners.
View Product







Threaded/ Weldable Cells







The New K2 3.0V/3000F Cell
The newest addition to Maxwell Technologies’ K2 family of ultracapacitors is the 3-volt, 3000-farad cell. Maxwell’s first 3-volt cell meets the same life performance criteria as the 2.7-volt cell, with the added benefit of increased power capability—a 31% increase over the 2.7-volt cell and a 15% increase over the 2.85-volt cell. 
View Product







K2 2.85V/3400F Cell
The 2.85-volt, 3400-farad cell is Maxwell’s highest capacitance offering. Compared to the 2.7V/3000F cell, it has 17% more power and 23% more energy, making it an ideal choice for demanding applications. It also incorporates Maxwell’s DuraBlue™ Advanced Shock and Vibration Technology. Products with DuraBlue technology are tested to some of the most demanding environmental requirements for transportation, increasing vibrational resistance by approximately three times and shock immunity by four times when com
View Product







K2 2.7V Series
Maxwell Technologies’ K2 2.7V series of ultracapacitors can relieve batteries from peak power functions, provide extended power availability, and help customers to reduce costs and maximize both space and energy efficiency in the overall system. 
View Product




Board Mounted Small Cells







HC Series
The HC series is an ideal source of backup power. It can provide extended power availability, allowing critical information and functions to remain available during dips, sags, and outages in a power supply or battery change.  And, like all our ultracapacitor products, the HC series is capable of accepting charges at the identical rate of discharge.
View Product







D Cell Series
Maxwell Technologies' D Cell® series ultracapacitor cells are ideal for automotive boardnet stabilization, medical devices, uninterruptible power supplies, backup power and pulse, wind turbine pitch control, and many other applications requiring a pulse of energy that cannot be efficiently provided by a battery or power supply alone.

View Product







PC10 Series - Discontinued
Maxwell will stop production of the PC10 by the end of 2014. Customers that want to purchase the PC10 may contact Tecate Group at tisales@tecategroup.com.
View Product




High Voltage Solutions
AC/DC Converters







Filter Capacitors
AC- or DC-filter capacitors, connected line-to-ground, are intended to filter all high frequency harmonics due to power electronic converters.
Filter capacitors are compliant with standard IEC60358-3; they are available with a porcelain or a composite insulator. All standard insulators are equipped with single or alternating long-short sheds and are in full compliance with IEC 60815. 

View Product







Thyristor Valve Capacitors
The thyristor valve capacitor (or valve section capacitor) is fitted on thyristor valves for high-voltage applications. Its function is to assist with the distribution of high frequency transient voltages. 
View Product




Circuit Breakers







TRV Capacitors - AIS
In air-insulated switchgears (AIS), transient recovery voltage (TRV) capacitors are installed phase-to-ground. They decrease the oscillation frequency and the rate of rise of recovery voltage (RRRV) of TRV, which occurs during initiation or interruption of current flow. TRV capacitors are thus installed to increase breaking power of the circuit breaker.

View Product







TRV Capacitors - GIS
Gas-insulated switchgear (GIS) circuit breakers for tough environments with extreme temperature variations, dust, pollution or confined space may use transient recovery voltage (TRV) capacitors. They decrease the oscillation frequency and the rate of rise of recovery voltage (RRRV) of TRV which occurs during initiation or interruption of current flow. TRV capacitors are thus installed to increase breaking power of the circuit breaker.
View Product







 RC-Grading Capacitors for HVDC Bypass switchgear
Resistance or combination of resistance and capacitance compose the RC-grading capacitors; they are installed on high-voltage bypass multi-break circuit breakers.
View Product







Grading Capacitors - AIS
In air-insulated switchgears (AIS), grading capacitors ensure a uniform distribution of the voltage across the breaking chambers of the live tank circuit breaker.
View Product







Grading Capacitors - GIS
Gas-insulated switchgear (GIS) circuit breakers for tough environments with extreme temperature variations, dust, pollution or confined space use grading capacitors to ensure a uniform distribution of the voltage across the breaking chambers.
View Product




Communication and Monitoring







Partial Discharge Sensors
CONDIS partial discharge sensors (PD sensors) are used to assess the quality or aging of generator stator winding insulation, detect localized sources of PD in rotating electrical machines and generators, and to detect conducted pulse signals. PD sensors typically consist of a coupling capacitor (13.8 kV to 27 kV) and a low-voltage coupling device.
View Product







Coupling Capacitors
for use within the entire power line carrier transmission frequency range from 30 kHz to 500 kHz.

Coupling capacitor can also be used for filtering and other general capacitor applications with connection between phase and ground in high voltage networks with insulated or grounded neutral.
View Product




Laboratory







Laboratory Capacitors
Capacitors for laboratory can have different functions, for example:

• Reference capacitor for PD-measurement (Ck)
• Capacitive divider for AC voltage measurement
• Capacitive divider for DC measurement
View Product




Medium Voltage




Voltage Measurement







Electronic Voltage Transformer (EVT)
Electronic voltage transformers with capacitive divider (EVTCD) is an alternative to the conventional capacitive voltage transformer (CVT) for high-precision voltage measurement and power quality control, between 72.5 kV to several hundreds of kV on HV overhead power lines. 
View Product







RC Dividers
A combination of resistors and Maxwell capacitors in parallel compose the resistive-capacitive (RC) voltage dividers. RC divider capacitors are primarily designed for voltage measurement in DC systems and provide low-voltage input to the specific measuring equipment.
View Product
















Maxwell Technologies , Inc. Competitors and Products in the RF Engineering Online Directory   RF Engineering Online DirectoryMaxwell Technologies , Inc.Maxwell Technologies , Inc. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 09244 Balboa AvenueSan Diego, CA 92123About Maxwell Technologies , Inc.Maxwell is a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative, cost-effective energy storage and power delivery solutions.Our BOOSTCAP® ultracapacitor cells and multi-cell packs and modules provide safe and reliable power solutions for applications in consumer and industrial electronics, transportation and telecommunications.Our CONDIS® high-voltage grading and coupling capacitors help to ensure the safety and reliability of electric utility infrastructure and other applications involving transport, distribution and measurement of high-voltage electrical energy.Our radiation-mitigated microelectronic products include power modules, memory modules and single board computers that incorporate powerful commercial silicon for superior performance and high reliability in aerospace applications.Competitors of Maxwell Technologies , Inc.Microsemi Power Products GroupWorld leader in high power silicon RF & microwave power transistors for applications in Avionics, Broadcast, Communications, ISM, and Radar. Product Features: Bipolar, LDMOS and VDMOS Transistors designed for specific CW or Pulsed applications; Gold Metalization for longest lifetime; Automated... write a reviewElectrocube, Inc.Electrocube is a manufacturer of high grade power electronic passive components with over 56 years of experience. Including Film Capacitors - High Temp & DC Link, RC Networks, Audio Capacitors, custom Hi Rel EMI Filters, custom High Freq. Foil Transformers, TRU's and Current Transformers. Newest... 6 products write a reviewAVX CorporationAVX Corporation is a leading international supplier of electronic passive components and interconnect solutions with 26 manufacturing and customer support facilities in 15 countries around the world. AVX offers a broad range of devices including capacitors, resistors, filters, timing and circuit... write a reviewNews about Maxwell Technologies , Inc.Maxwell Chairman of the Board Transition Posted 5/25/2017Maxwell Technologies names Thibault Kassir VP and GM, Energy Storage Products Posted 5/1/2017Maxwell Completes Acquisition of Nesscap Energy Business Posted 4/28/2017View all news  ×Rate and Review Maxwell Technologies , Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Maxwell Technologies , Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Maxwell Technologies , Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Microsemi Power Products Group     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Microsemi Power Products Group. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Microsemi Power Products Group.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Electrocube, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Electrocube, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Electrocube, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review AVX Corporation     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of AVX Corporation. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of AVX Corporation.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to RF Engineering Online Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for RF Engineering Online Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address

	Maxwell Technologies Distributor | DigiKey Electronics
























United States

1-800-344-4539


Change Country

English

USD


 Your item(s) View Cart Login orREGISTER LoginRegisterWhy Register





All ProductsAll ContentAudio ProductsBattery ProductsBoxes Enclosures RacksCable AssembliesCables Wires ManagementCables WiresCapacitorsCircuit ProtectionComputers Office Components AccessoriesConnectors InterconnectsCrystals and OscillatorsDevelopment Boards, Kits, ProgrammersDiscrete Semiconductor ProductsEmbedded ComputersFans Thermal ManagementFiltersHardware Fasteners AccessoriesInductors Coils ChokesIndustrial Controls MetersIntegrated CircuitsIsolatersKitsLine Protection Distribution BackupsMagnetics Transformer Inductor ComponentsMaker/DIY, EducationalMemory Cards ModulesMotors Solenoids Driver Boards ModulesNetworking SolutionsOptical Inspection EquipmentOptoelectronics Potentiometers Variable ResistorsPower Supplies Board MountPower Supplies External Internal Off-BoardPrototyping ProductsRelaysResistorsRF IF and RFIDSensors TransducersSoldering Desoldering Rework ProductsStatic Control ESD Clean Room ProductsSwitchesTape AdhesivesTest and MeasurementToolsTransformers





PRODUCTS MANUFACTURERS RESOURCESResearchAcademic ProgramArticlesBlog - TheCircuitContent LibraryEngineering ResourcesIndustrial AutomationIoT Product SelectorNewest ProductsProduct Training ModulesSensors Product SelectorTechForumVideo LibraryDesignConversion CalculatorsDevelopment ToolsEDA & Design ToolsMaker.ioReference Designs Scheme-it® Design ToolTechZones℠Search / OrderingBOM ManagerBrowser ResourcesOnline CatalogOrder StatusShopping Cart 






Manufacturer Linecard
            
        >
            
            Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
        








Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
 - For more than 45 years, our world-class research and product development teams have established Maxwell Technologies as a global leader in developing, manufacturing and marketing energy storage and power delivery solutions for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications as well as for radiation-hardened microelectronic components and systems for satellites and spacecraft. Maxwell products are designed and built to provide failure-free performance for the life of the most demanding applications.







PARTS
CONTENT










Product Listing
View All







Capacitors (47)





Accessories (2)


Electric Double Layer Capacitors (EDLC), Supercapacitors (45)











Newest Products
View All (4)










DuraBlue™ K2 Ultracapacitors
Maxwell Technologies expands its K2 family of ultracapacitors with the 2.85 V, 3400 Farad cell.
Learn More








D Cell Series Ultracapacitor
Maxwell's D Cell ultracapacitors have an operating temp range of -40°C to 65°C and radial mounting design for easy surface mount assembly.
Learn More










K2 Series Ultracapacitor
Maxwell’s K2 ultracapacitor cells have an electrostatic storage capability that can cycle a million charges and discharges without performance degradation.
Learn More








HC Series Ultracapacitor
Maxwell Technologies' HC cells offer low internal resistance, 10 year life capability, and are rated at 2.7 V at 65°C and 2.3 V at 85°C.
Learn More








Product Training Modules
View All (7)







K2 Cell Series of Ultracapacitors
Duration: 5 minutes
Specifications, usage, and part number breakdown of the K2 cell ultracapacitors. Applications include hybrid diesel electric busses and industrial backup power.





D Cell Series of Ultracapacitors 
Duration: 5 minutes
D cell series feature radial mounting design for easy surface mount assembly. Benefits include high burst power, quick charge, and green technology.







75V Module Series of Ultracapacitors
Duration: 5 minutes
Specifications, applications, and naming conventions for Maxwell's 75V module series of ultracapacitors.





56V Module Series of Ultracapacitors
Duration: 5 minutes
Features include standard rackmount configurations and a 14 year lifetime.  Easily integrated into existing systems and maintenance free with no toxic materials.








Featured Videos
View All (3)







Maxwell Technologies Ultracapacitors Power Emirates Air Line Cable Car
Roof-mounted Maxwell Technologies ultracapacitor





Ultracapacitor 101
What is an ultracapacitor?







AWEA Windpower 2014 Company Showcase:  Maxwell Technologies
Eize de Vries interviews Maxwell Technologies' Sr. Product Marketing Manager, Wolfgang Beez, about Maxwell Technologies and the advantages of using ultracapacitors in the renewable energy sector.













Additional Content




Datasheets

16 V Modules
16 V Small Cell Module
48 V Modules
56 V Module
75 V Module
125 V Heavy Transportation Module
160 V Module
BC Series Ultracapacitors
HC Series Ultracapacitors
K2 Series Ultracapacitors

Brochures

Overview Flyer
Product Comparison Matrix



Technical Notes

HC Cell Soldering Guidelines
Mounting and Soldering of BC and PC Series Products
Ultracapacitor Cell Sizing

White Papers

Ultracapacitor Automotive Solutions
Ultracapacitor Usage in Wind Turbine Pitch Control Systems
Using Ultracapacitors for Voltage Stabilization
Design Considerations for Ultracapacitors








Manufacturer Web site






Visit Maxwell Technologies, Inc.'s Web site















Information
Terms & ConditionsBlog - TheCircuitTechForumAbout Digi-KeyContact UsNewsroomSite MapSupported BrowsersPrivacy StatementCareers

United States
sales@digikey.com
Toll Free: 1-800-344-4539Phone: 218-681-6674Fax: 218-681-3380




International
AfricaAsiaAustraliaEuropeMiddle EastNorth AmericaSouth America




Copyright © 1995-2017, Digi-Key Electronics.All Rights Reserved.701 Brooks Avenue South,Thief River Falls, MN 56701 USA














Maxwell Technologies - Wikipedia






















 






Maxwell Technologies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






A major contributor to this article appears to have a close connection with its subject. It may require cleanup to comply with Wikipedia's content policies, particularly neutral point of view. Please discuss further on the talk page. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Maxwell Technologies





Type

Corporation


Industry
Energy storage


Founded
1965


Headquarters
3888 Calle Fortunada,
San Diego, CA 92123, United States



Key people

Franz Fink, President and CEO


Products
Ultracapacitors
High-voltage capacitors
Engine Start Module (ESM)
Backup power systems
Power modules



Number of employees

367


Website
maxwell.com


Maxwell Technologies is an American developer and manufacturer headquartered in San Diego, California. The company focuses on developing and manufacturing energy storage and power delivery solution-related products for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Facilities and Employees
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1965 as Maxwell Laboratories Inc. by Raymond C. O'Rourke, Alan Kolb, Bruce Hayworth, and Terrence C. Gooding in San Diego, California. Maxwell Laboratories was originally a government contractor, providing advanced physics, pulsed power, space effects analysis and other research and development services to the U.S. military and other government agencies. The company began converting its focus to commercial applications for its technologies and products in the early 1990s, and now generates all of its revenue from commercial sources.[2] In 1996, Maxwell Laboratories, Inc. changed its name to Maxwell Technologies, Inc.[3]
Maxwell Energy Products, a division that included the Maxwell High Voltage Capacitor product line, was acquired in March 2000 by General Atomics, eventually merging into General Atomics Electronic Systems, Inc. in 2003.
In 2007, Maxwell Technologies won $3 million contract from Astrium Satellites to supply computers for European Space Agency’s ‘Gaia’ Astronomy mission. Maxwell supplied seven Maxwell SCS750 SBCs to process images and data gathered by the satellite’s camera.[4]
In November 2013, Maxwell Technologies opens manufacturing facility in Peoria, Arizona.[5]
In December 2013, Maxwell Technologies signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with SK Innovation to develop the next generation energy storage solution with Maxwell’s ultracapacitors and SK’s lithium-ion batteries.[6]
In April 2016, Maxwell completed its sale of the Microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation.[7]
Facilities and Employees[edit]
Maxwell Technologies is headquartered in San Diego, California and principal operations are currently located in both San Diego, California and Peoria, Arizona. The company also has European bases of operations in Rossens, Switzerland and München, Germany and Asia base of operation in Shanghai, China and Seoul, Korea. Currently, the company employs approximately 360 people worldwide.
References[edit]


^ [1]“About Maxwell Technologies” website, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [2] “Dr. Alan C. Kolb, 77; co-founded Maxwell Labs in San Diego” U-T San Diego, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [3]“Business Summary”, Yahoo Finance – Maxwell Technologies (MXWL), accessed 5 February 2014
^ [4] “Maxwell Technologies Wins $3 Million Contract From Astrium Satellites to Supply Computers for European Space Agency's 'Gaia' Astronomy Mission”
^ [5]“Maxwell Technologies creating $26M facility in Peoria”, Phoenix Business Journal, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [6]“Maxwell and SK to Jointly Develop Ultracap/Battery Combo”, Charged Electric Vehicle Magazine, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [7]“Maxwell Technologies Completes Sale of Microelectronics Product Line to Data Device Corporation for $21 Million, accessed 4 May 2016


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Maxwell Technologies.



Maxwell Official Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Maxwell_Technologies&oldid=760527153"					
Categories: Technology companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San DiegoPrivately held companies based in CaliforniaHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest from December 2015Articles needing additional references from December 2012All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 January 2017, at 15:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Maxwell Technologies - Wikipedia






















 






Maxwell Technologies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






A major contributor to this article appears to have a close connection with its subject. It may require cleanup to comply with Wikipedia's content policies, particularly neutral point of view. Please discuss further on the talk page. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Maxwell Technologies





Type

Corporation


Industry
Energy storage


Founded
1965


Headquarters
3888 Calle Fortunada,
San Diego, CA 92123, United States



Key people

Franz Fink, President and CEO


Products
Ultracapacitors
High-voltage capacitors
Engine Start Module (ESM)
Backup power systems
Power modules



Number of employees

367


Website
maxwell.com


Maxwell Technologies is an American developer and manufacturer headquartered in San Diego, California. The company focuses on developing and manufacturing energy storage and power delivery solution-related products for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Facilities and Employees
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1965 as Maxwell Laboratories Inc. by Raymond C. O'Rourke, Alan Kolb, Bruce Hayworth, and Terrence C. Gooding in San Diego, California. Maxwell Laboratories was originally a government contractor, providing advanced physics, pulsed power, space effects analysis and other research and development services to the U.S. military and other government agencies. The company began converting its focus to commercial applications for its technologies and products in the early 1990s, and now generates all of its revenue from commercial sources.[2] In 1996, Maxwell Laboratories, Inc. changed its name to Maxwell Technologies, Inc.[3]
Maxwell Energy Products, a division that included the Maxwell High Voltage Capacitor product line, was acquired in March 2000 by General Atomics, eventually merging into General Atomics Electronic Systems, Inc. in 2003.
In 2007, Maxwell Technologies won $3 million contract from Astrium Satellites to supply computers for European Space Agency’s ‘Gaia’ Astronomy mission. Maxwell supplied seven Maxwell SCS750 SBCs to process images and data gathered by the satellite’s camera.[4]
In November 2013, Maxwell Technologies opens manufacturing facility in Peoria, Arizona.[5]
In December 2013, Maxwell Technologies signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with SK Innovation to develop the next generation energy storage solution with Maxwell’s ultracapacitors and SK’s lithium-ion batteries.[6]
In April 2016, Maxwell completed its sale of the Microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation.[7]
Facilities and Employees[edit]
Maxwell Technologies is headquartered in San Diego, California and principal operations are currently located in both San Diego, California and Peoria, Arizona. The company also has European bases of operations in Rossens, Switzerland and München, Germany and Asia base of operation in Shanghai, China and Seoul, Korea. Currently, the company employs approximately 360 people worldwide.
References[edit]


^ [1]“About Maxwell Technologies” website, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [2] “Dr. Alan C. Kolb, 77; co-founded Maxwell Labs in San Diego” U-T San Diego, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [3]“Business Summary”, Yahoo Finance – Maxwell Technologies (MXWL), accessed 5 February 2014
^ [4] “Maxwell Technologies Wins $3 Million Contract From Astrium Satellites to Supply Computers for European Space Agency's 'Gaia' Astronomy Mission”
^ [5]“Maxwell Technologies creating $26M facility in Peoria”, Phoenix Business Journal, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [6]“Maxwell and SK to Jointly Develop Ultracap/Battery Combo”, Charged Electric Vehicle Magazine, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [7]“Maxwell Technologies Completes Sale of Microelectronics Product Line to Data Device Corporation for $21 Million, accessed 4 May 2016


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Maxwell Technologies.



Maxwell Official Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Maxwell_Technologies&oldid=760527153"					
Categories: Technology companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San DiegoPrivately held companies based in CaliforniaHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest from December 2015Articles needing additional references from December 2012All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 January 2017, at 15:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Maxwell Technologies - Wikipedia






















 






Maxwell Technologies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






A major contributor to this article appears to have a close connection with its subject. It may require cleanup to comply with Wikipedia's content policies, particularly neutral point of view. Please discuss further on the talk page. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Maxwell Technologies





Type

Corporation


Industry
Energy storage


Founded
1965


Headquarters
3888 Calle Fortunada,
San Diego, CA 92123, United States



Key people

Franz Fink, President and CEO


Products
Ultracapacitors
High-voltage capacitors
Engine Start Module (ESM)
Backup power systems
Power modules



Number of employees

367


Website
maxwell.com


Maxwell Technologies is an American developer and manufacturer headquartered in San Diego, California. The company focuses on developing and manufacturing energy storage and power delivery solution-related products for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Facilities and Employees
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1965 as Maxwell Laboratories Inc. by Raymond C. O'Rourke, Alan Kolb, Bruce Hayworth, and Terrence C. Gooding in San Diego, California. Maxwell Laboratories was originally a government contractor, providing advanced physics, pulsed power, space effects analysis and other research and development services to the U.S. military and other government agencies. The company began converting its focus to commercial applications for its technologies and products in the early 1990s, and now generates all of its revenue from commercial sources.[2] In 1996, Maxwell Laboratories, Inc. changed its name to Maxwell Technologies, Inc.[3]
Maxwell Energy Products, a division that included the Maxwell High Voltage Capacitor product line, was acquired in March 2000 by General Atomics, eventually merging into General Atomics Electronic Systems, Inc. in 2003.
In 2007, Maxwell Technologies won $3 million contract from Astrium Satellites to supply computers for European Space Agency’s ‘Gaia’ Astronomy mission. Maxwell supplied seven Maxwell SCS750 SBCs to process images and data gathered by the satellite’s camera.[4]
In November 2013, Maxwell Technologies opens manufacturing facility in Peoria, Arizona.[5]
In December 2013, Maxwell Technologies signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with SK Innovation to develop the next generation energy storage solution with Maxwell’s ultracapacitors and SK’s lithium-ion batteries.[6]
In April 2016, Maxwell completed its sale of the Microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation.[7]
Facilities and Employees[edit]
Maxwell Technologies is headquartered in San Diego, California and principal operations are currently located in both San Diego, California and Peoria, Arizona. The company also has European bases of operations in Rossens, Switzerland and München, Germany and Asia base of operation in Shanghai, China and Seoul, Korea. Currently, the company employs approximately 360 people worldwide.
References[edit]


^ [1]“About Maxwell Technologies” website, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [2] “Dr. Alan C. Kolb, 77; co-founded Maxwell Labs in San Diego” U-T San Diego, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [3]“Business Summary”, Yahoo Finance – Maxwell Technologies (MXWL), accessed 5 February 2014
^ [4] “Maxwell Technologies Wins $3 Million Contract From Astrium Satellites to Supply Computers for European Space Agency's 'Gaia' Astronomy Mission”
^ [5]“Maxwell Technologies creating $26M facility in Peoria”, Phoenix Business Journal, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [6]“Maxwell and SK to Jointly Develop Ultracap/Battery Combo”, Charged Electric Vehicle Magazine, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [7]“Maxwell Technologies Completes Sale of Microelectronics Product Line to Data Device Corporation for $21 Million, accessed 4 May 2016


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Maxwell Technologies.



Maxwell Official Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Maxwell_Technologies&oldid=760527153"					
Categories: Technology companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San DiegoPrivately held companies based in CaliforniaHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest from December 2015Articles needing additional references from December 2012All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 January 2017, at 15:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








MXWL Stock Price - Maxwell Technologies Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,844.98


0.56


0.02%











Gold

1,251.00


-7.50


-0.60%











Oil

48.35


0.46


0.96%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








1:04a

Wynn Macau net profit rises 57% on year



1:03a

Updated
Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017



1:01a

Updated
Oil rally continues, as optimism builds ahead U.S. supply data



12:51a

Japan, Aussie stocks continue to rise, spurred on by commodity prices



12:01a

Don’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs



07/25

Updated
Does your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that



07/25

Updated
House votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank



07/25

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream



07/25

Updated
What everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings



07/25

One version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


MXWL


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



MXWL
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Maxwell Technologies Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateMXWLAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 5:10 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
5.88



0.00
0.00%



After Hours Volume:
2.4K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$5.88
-0.01
-0.17%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol



  




51.59% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    93.6K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 181.3K
            





Open: 5.91
Close: 5.88



5.8600
Day Low/High
5.9350





Day Range



4.2000
52 Week Low/High
6.4800


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$5.91



Day Range
5.8600 - 5.9350



52 Week Range
4.2000 - 6.4800



Market Cap
$216.15M



Shares Outstanding
36.7M



Public Float
29.63M



Beta
1.49



Rev. per Employee
$269.68K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.84



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
1.61M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
5.45%



Average Volume
181.34K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.51%







1 Month


-2.65%







3 Month


-3.76%







YTD


14.84%







1 Year


6.14%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Maxwell Technologies upgraded to outperform from market perform at Northland Capital


Jun. 17, 2015 at 7:00 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









4 stocks to watch


Nov. 19, 2014 at 1:44 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









6 stocks to watch


Jun. 18, 2014 at 3:56 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









6 stocks to watch


May. 29, 2014 at 3:25 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









S&P 500 nails the 50-day average


May. 21, 2014 at 11:28 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Six stocks to watch


Apr. 23, 2014 at 3:34 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Charting a two-tailed market backdrop


Apr. 22, 2014 at 12:40 p.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Charting a two-tailed market backdrop


Apr. 22, 2014 at 12:06 p.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Six stocks to watch


Apr. 2, 2014 at 3:23 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Six stocks to watch


Mar. 5, 2014 at 1:49 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Six stocks to watch


Sep. 18, 2013 at 2:39 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Don't be like Jamie Dimon


May. 14, 2012 at 10:07 a.m. ET
by Mick Weinstein










Friday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks

Feb. 17, 2012 at 4:21 p.m. ET
by Kate Gibson









The case for shorting AAPL (and other ideas)


Nov. 28, 2011 at 8:22 a.m. ET
by Mick Weinstein









Technicals bend, not break, on debt worries


Nov. 9, 2011 at 11:24 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









How shorting stocks is like hunting wildebeest


Nov. 2, 2011 at 3:38 p.m. ET
by Mick Weinstein









Closing out a volatile third quarter


Sep. 30, 2011 at 11:17 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Tech stocks close with mild gains


Nov. 4, 2009 at 4:23 p.m. ET
by Rex Crum









Was that really the Dow's third-biggest point gain?


Oct. 1, 2008 at 10:08 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Stocks in focus for Tuesday


Oct. 30, 2007 at 5:54 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch













The Morning Risk Report: Harnessing Employee Health Data Is Potential Minefield


Feb. 18, 2016 at 7:15 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Maxwell Technologies Racks Up $2.42 Million in FCPA Costs

Feb. 17, 2016 at 4:26 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










CFO Moves: Providence Service, TheStreet, Bridgepoint Education

Oct. 1, 2015 at 5:59 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Credits & Debits: News Digest


May. 18, 2015 at 8:48 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










CFO Moves: Tata Communications, Transpacific Industries Group, Maxwell Technologies

May. 13, 2015 at 6:21 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Conflict Over Russia's Role in Ukraine Spills Into Tech Sector

Jul. 22, 2014 at 6:44 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Russia-Ukraine Crisis: What CEOs Are Saying

May. 7, 2014 at 10:42 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










U.S., European Business Take a Hit From Russian Slowdown

May. 7, 2014 at 7:28 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Corruption Currents: From Ghostwriting Rulings to Decaying Trucks


Oct. 25, 2013 at 4:23 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Former Maxwell Technologies Exec Charged with Bribery


Oct. 16, 2013 at 1:10 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Stocks to Watch: FedEx, Adobe, Williams-Sonoma

Mar. 20, 2013 at 9:13 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Stocks to Watch: Pandora, Tempur-Pedic, Maxwell Technologies

Mar. 8, 2013 at 9:47 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Allysia Finley: The Reverse-Joads of California

Mar. 4, 2013 at 3:24 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Technology Races to Make Car Industry Greener

Jan. 5, 2011 at 9:27 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Panasonic's Big Bet on Batteries


Nov. 5, 2009 at 9:49 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Blue Coat Loses CFO To Maxwell Technologies


Mar. 26, 2009 at 5:07 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Blue Coat Loses CFO To Maxwell Technologies


Mar. 26, 2009 at 5:07 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Anti-Naked Short Rules Drive Up Some Stock Prices


Sep. 18, 2008 at 8:12 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Nasdaq Jumps 100.25, or 4.8%; Best Pt Gain In 6 Yrs


Sep. 18, 2008 at 5:56 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Nasdaq Slumps; Yahoo, Circuit City Advance


Jun. 20, 2007 at 5:05 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Investor Presentation - Slideshow
Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

Jul. 14, 2017 at 10:42 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 6/15/17: FOSL, LE
Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 6/15/17: FOSL, LE

Jun. 19, 2017 at 3:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Why Is Maxwell (MXWL) Down 9.2% Since the Last Earnings Report?
Maxwell (MXWL) reported earnings 30 days ago. What's next for the stock? We take a look at earnings estimates for some clues.

Jun. 14, 2017 at 2:36 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies: Will Expansion Overcome Dilution?
Maxwell Technologies: Will Expansion Overcome Dilution?

May. 30, 2017 at 2:48 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell (MXWL) Posts In-Line Q1 Loss, Revenues Top Estimates
Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) incurred adjusted loss of 27 cents per share in the first quarter of 2017 (considering stock-based compensation as a regular expense), which came in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. 

May. 10, 2017 at 8:09 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Virtusa Corporation (VRTU) and Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Lead 12 Notable Investor Filings
Virtusa Corporation (VRTU) and Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Lead 12 Notable Investor Filings

May. 15, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





10-Q: MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC
10-Q: MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC

May. 10, 2017 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Maxwell Technologies' (MXWL) CEO Franz Fink on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Maxwell Technologies' (MXWL) CEO Franz Fink on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 9, 2017 at 10:40 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close
Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

May. 8, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell Tech +20% on $47M cash injection from Chinese group


Apr. 10, 2017 at 6:25 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell (MXWL) Up 8.7% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue?


Mar. 31, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Maxwell (MXWL) Initiatives, Nesscap Energy Buyout Bode Well


Mar. 22, 2017 at 8:29 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Presents At 29th Annual ROTH Conference


Mar. 16, 2017 at 2:02 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell Technologies: Acquiring Nesscap Energy Part Of Aggressive Expansion


Mar. 13, 2017 at 7:17 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell (MXWL) Q4 Loss Wider than Expected, Revenues Beat


Mar. 1, 2017 at 9:28 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies' (MXWL) CEO Franz Fink on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Feb. 28, 2017 at 10:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close


Feb. 27, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Mother Nature Will Determine Future Of Portfolio When It Comes To Climate Change Stocks


Jan. 19, 2017 at 11:23 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell Technologies: No Clear Catalyst To A Rebound


Nov. 4, 2016 at 6:55 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC


Nov. 2, 2016 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









Maxwell Announces Participation in the Cowen and Company 45th Annual Technology, Media & Telecom Conference
Maxwell Announces Participation in the Cowen and Company 45th Annual Technology, Media & Telecom Conference

May. 25, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Chairman of the Board Transition
Maxwell Chairman of the Board Transition

May. 25, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
Maxwell Reports First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 9, 2017 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Investor Network: Maxwell Technologies, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
Investor Network: Maxwell Technologies, Inc. to Host Earnings Call

May. 9, 2017 at 1:01 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Maxwell Technologies names Thibault Kassir VP and GM, Energy Storage Products
Maxwell Technologies names Thibault Kassir VP and GM, Energy Storage Products

May. 1, 2017 at 1:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Completes Acquisition of Nesscap Energy Business
Maxwell Completes Acquisition of Nesscap Energy Business

Apr. 28, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date


Apr. 24, 2017 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Capstone Announces the Election of Yon Yoon Jorden to its Board of Directors


Apr. 11, 2017 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Maxwell Signs $47 Million Strategic Equity Investment Agreement with China's SDIC Fund Management Co., Ltd.


Apr. 10, 2017 at 4:46 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Technologies Announces Agreement with Viex Capital Advisors


Apr. 10, 2017 at 4:42 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces Participation in 29th Annual ROTH Conference


Mar. 7, 2017 at 4:02 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Technologies to Acquire Nesscap Energy Business


Feb. 28, 2017 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Results and Executes Key Strategic Actions


Feb. 28, 2017 at 4:04 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces July 13 as Updated Date for 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders


Feb. 27, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Release Date


Feb. 7, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Technologies Expands Partnership with China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation (CRRC) to Localize Ultracapacitor Module Production for the China Bus Market


Jan. 31, 2017 at 5:09 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Optoelectronic Components Market, OLED, Image Sensor, Infrared Component, Optocouplers, Laser Diode and Others: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2015 - 2023


Jan. 23, 2017 at 6:48 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces May 10 as Date for 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders


Jan. 17, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Technologies Announces Generator Starting Solutions for Commercial and Industrial Standby and Backup Generator Market


Dec. 12, 2016 at 9:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Supercapacitor Market by Type, Application Vertical, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022


Dec. 5, 2016 at 3:40 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Maxwell Technologies Inc.


            
            Maxwell Technologies, Inc. engages in the development, manufacture, and marketing of energy storage and power delivery solutions. It operates through the following product lines: Ultracapacitors, High-Voltage Capacitors, and Radiation-Hardened Microelectronic Products. The Ultracapacitors product line includes energy storage devices such as modules, threaded and weldable cells, and board mounted small cells. The High-Voltage Capacitors product line comprises of grading and coupling capacitors and electronic voltage transformers under the CONDIS brand. The Radiation-Hardened Microelectronic Products consist of single board computers and components such as memory and data conversion modules. The company was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 5
Full Ratings 





Benzinga's Top Initiations


May. 23, 2016 at 9:54 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Maxwell Technologies Initiated At Neutral By Roth


May. 23, 2016 at 9:11 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Analysts Weigh On Canadian Solar And Maxwell Technologies


Feb. 18, 2016 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Micron Technology Inc.
-5.59%
$35.28B


Microsemi Corp.
1.29%
$6.11B


Powell Industries Inc.
3.41%
$369.16M


ON Semiconductor Corp.
-0.33%
$6.37B


AVX Corp.
0.45%
$3.02B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








X

2.69%








T

-0.03%








FCX

14.74%








CMG

2.54%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




1:58 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:04aWynn Macau net profit rises 57% on year
1:03aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
1:01aOil rally continues, as optimism builds ahead U.S. supply data
12:51aJapan, Aussie stocks continue to rise, spurred on by commodity prices
12:01aDon’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




1:58 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:04aWynn Macau net profit rises 57% on year
1:03aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
1:01aOil rally continues, as optimism builds ahead U.S. supply data
12:51aJapan, Aussie stocks continue to rise, spurred on by commodity prices
12:01aDon’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




1:58 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:04aWynn Macau net profit rises 57% on year
1:03aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
1:01aOil rally continues, as optimism builds ahead U.S. supply data
12:51aJapan, Aussie stocks continue to rise, spurred on by commodity prices
12:01aDon’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































MXWL Stock Price - Maxwell Technologies Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,844.98


0.56


0.02%











Gold

1,251.00


-7.50


-0.60%











Oil

48.35


0.46


0.96%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








1:04a

Wynn Macau net profit rises 57% on year



1:03a

Updated
Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017



1:01a

Updated
Oil rally continues, as optimism builds ahead U.S. supply data



12:51a

Japan, Aussie stocks continue to rise, spurred on by commodity prices



12:01a

Don’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs



07/25

Updated
Does your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that



07/25

Updated
House votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank



07/25

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream



07/25

Updated
What everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings



07/25

One version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


MXWL


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



MXWL
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Maxwell Technologies Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateMXWLAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 5:10 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
5.88



0.00
0.00%



After Hours Volume:
2.4K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$5.88
-0.01
-0.17%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol



  




51.59% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    93.6K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 181.3K
            





Open: 5.91
Close: 5.88



5.8600
Day Low/High
5.9350





Day Range



4.2000
52 Week Low/High
6.4800


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$5.91



Day Range
5.8600 - 5.9350



52 Week Range
4.2000 - 6.4800



Market Cap
$216.15M



Shares Outstanding
36.7M



Public Float
29.63M



Beta
1.49



Rev. per Employee
$269.68K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.84



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
1.61M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
5.45%



Average Volume
181.34K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.51%







1 Month


-2.65%







3 Month


-3.76%







YTD


14.84%







1 Year


6.14%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Maxwell Technologies upgraded to outperform from market perform at Northland Capital


Jun. 17, 2015 at 7:00 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









4 stocks to watch


Nov. 19, 2014 at 1:44 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









6 stocks to watch


Jun. 18, 2014 at 3:56 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









6 stocks to watch


May. 29, 2014 at 3:25 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









S&P 500 nails the 50-day average


May. 21, 2014 at 11:28 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Six stocks to watch


Apr. 23, 2014 at 3:34 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Charting a two-tailed market backdrop


Apr. 22, 2014 at 12:40 p.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Charting a two-tailed market backdrop


Apr. 22, 2014 at 12:06 p.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Six stocks to watch


Apr. 2, 2014 at 3:23 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Six stocks to watch


Mar. 5, 2014 at 1:49 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Six stocks to watch


Sep. 18, 2013 at 2:39 p.m. ET
by Harry Boxer









Don't be like Jamie Dimon


May. 14, 2012 at 10:07 a.m. ET
by Mick Weinstein










Friday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks

Feb. 17, 2012 at 4:21 p.m. ET
by Kate Gibson









The case for shorting AAPL (and other ideas)


Nov. 28, 2011 at 8:22 a.m. ET
by Mick Weinstein









Technicals bend, not break, on debt worries


Nov. 9, 2011 at 11:24 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









How shorting stocks is like hunting wildebeest


Nov. 2, 2011 at 3:38 p.m. ET
by Mick Weinstein









Closing out a volatile third quarter


Sep. 30, 2011 at 11:17 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Tech stocks close with mild gains


Nov. 4, 2009 at 4:23 p.m. ET
by Rex Crum









Was that really the Dow's third-biggest point gain?


Oct. 1, 2008 at 10:08 a.m. ET
by Michael Ashbaugh









Stocks in focus for Tuesday


Oct. 30, 2007 at 5:54 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch













The Morning Risk Report: Harnessing Employee Health Data Is Potential Minefield


Feb. 18, 2016 at 7:15 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Maxwell Technologies Racks Up $2.42 Million in FCPA Costs

Feb. 17, 2016 at 4:26 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










CFO Moves: Providence Service, TheStreet, Bridgepoint Education

Oct. 1, 2015 at 5:59 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Credits & Debits: News Digest


May. 18, 2015 at 8:48 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










CFO Moves: Tata Communications, Transpacific Industries Group, Maxwell Technologies

May. 13, 2015 at 6:21 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Conflict Over Russia's Role in Ukraine Spills Into Tech Sector

Jul. 22, 2014 at 6:44 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Russia-Ukraine Crisis: What CEOs Are Saying

May. 7, 2014 at 10:42 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










U.S., European Business Take a Hit From Russian Slowdown

May. 7, 2014 at 7:28 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Corruption Currents: From Ghostwriting Rulings to Decaying Trucks


Oct. 25, 2013 at 4:23 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Former Maxwell Technologies Exec Charged with Bribery


Oct. 16, 2013 at 1:10 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Stocks to Watch: FedEx, Adobe, Williams-Sonoma

Mar. 20, 2013 at 9:13 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Stocks to Watch: Pandora, Tempur-Pedic, Maxwell Technologies

Mar. 8, 2013 at 9:47 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Allysia Finley: The Reverse-Joads of California

Mar. 4, 2013 at 3:24 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Technology Races to Make Car Industry Greener

Jan. 5, 2011 at 9:27 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Panasonic's Big Bet on Batteries


Nov. 5, 2009 at 9:49 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Blue Coat Loses CFO To Maxwell Technologies


Mar. 26, 2009 at 5:07 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Blue Coat Loses CFO To Maxwell Technologies


Mar. 26, 2009 at 5:07 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Anti-Naked Short Rules Drive Up Some Stock Prices


Sep. 18, 2008 at 8:12 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Nasdaq Jumps 100.25, or 4.8%; Best Pt Gain In 6 Yrs


Sep. 18, 2008 at 5:56 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Nasdaq Slumps; Yahoo, Circuit City Advance


Jun. 20, 2007 at 5:05 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Investor Presentation - Slideshow
Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

Jul. 14, 2017 at 10:42 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 6/15/17: FOSL, LE
Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 6/15/17: FOSL, LE

Jun. 19, 2017 at 3:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Why Is Maxwell (MXWL) Down 9.2% Since the Last Earnings Report?
Maxwell (MXWL) reported earnings 30 days ago. What's next for the stock? We take a look at earnings estimates for some clues.

Jun. 14, 2017 at 2:36 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies: Will Expansion Overcome Dilution?
Maxwell Technologies: Will Expansion Overcome Dilution?

May. 30, 2017 at 2:48 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell (MXWL) Posts In-Line Q1 Loss, Revenues Top Estimates
Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) incurred adjusted loss of 27 cents per share in the first quarter of 2017 (considering stock-based compensation as a regular expense), which came in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. 

May. 10, 2017 at 8:09 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Virtusa Corporation (VRTU) and Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Lead 12 Notable Investor Filings
Virtusa Corporation (VRTU) and Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Lead 12 Notable Investor Filings

May. 15, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





10-Q: MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC
10-Q: MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC

May. 10, 2017 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Maxwell Technologies' (MXWL) CEO Franz Fink on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Maxwell Technologies' (MXWL) CEO Franz Fink on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 9, 2017 at 10:40 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close
Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

May. 8, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell Tech +20% on $47M cash injection from Chinese group


Apr. 10, 2017 at 6:25 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell (MXWL) Up 8.7% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue?


Mar. 31, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Maxwell (MXWL) Initiatives, Nesscap Energy Buyout Bode Well


Mar. 22, 2017 at 8:29 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Presents At 29th Annual ROTH Conference


Mar. 16, 2017 at 2:02 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell Technologies: Acquiring Nesscap Energy Part Of Aggressive Expansion


Mar. 13, 2017 at 7:17 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell (MXWL) Q4 Loss Wider than Expected, Revenues Beat


Mar. 1, 2017 at 9:28 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies' (MXWL) CEO Franz Fink on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Feb. 28, 2017 at 10:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close


Feb. 27, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Mother Nature Will Determine Future Of Portfolio When It Comes To Climate Change Stocks


Jan. 19, 2017 at 11:23 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maxwell Technologies: No Clear Catalyst To A Rebound


Nov. 4, 2016 at 6:55 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC


Nov. 2, 2016 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









Maxwell Announces Participation in the Cowen and Company 45th Annual Technology, Media & Telecom Conference
Maxwell Announces Participation in the Cowen and Company 45th Annual Technology, Media & Telecom Conference

May. 25, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Chairman of the Board Transition
Maxwell Chairman of the Board Transition

May. 25, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
Maxwell Reports First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 9, 2017 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Investor Network: Maxwell Technologies, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
Investor Network: Maxwell Technologies, Inc. to Host Earnings Call

May. 9, 2017 at 1:01 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Maxwell Technologies names Thibault Kassir VP and GM, Energy Storage Products
Maxwell Technologies names Thibault Kassir VP and GM, Energy Storage Products

May. 1, 2017 at 1:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Completes Acquisition of Nesscap Energy Business
Maxwell Completes Acquisition of Nesscap Energy Business

Apr. 28, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date


Apr. 24, 2017 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Capstone Announces the Election of Yon Yoon Jorden to its Board of Directors


Apr. 11, 2017 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Maxwell Signs $47 Million Strategic Equity Investment Agreement with China's SDIC Fund Management Co., Ltd.


Apr. 10, 2017 at 4:46 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Technologies Announces Agreement with Viex Capital Advisors


Apr. 10, 2017 at 4:42 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces Participation in 29th Annual ROTH Conference


Mar. 7, 2017 at 4:02 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Technologies to Acquire Nesscap Energy Business


Feb. 28, 2017 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Results and Executes Key Strategic Actions


Feb. 28, 2017 at 4:04 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces July 13 as Updated Date for 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders


Feb. 27, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Release Date


Feb. 7, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Technologies Expands Partnership with China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation (CRRC) to Localize Ultracapacitor Module Production for the China Bus Market


Jan. 31, 2017 at 5:09 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Optoelectronic Components Market, OLED, Image Sensor, Infrared Component, Optocouplers, Laser Diode and Others: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2015 - 2023


Jan. 23, 2017 at 6:48 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Announces May 10 as Date for 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders


Jan. 17, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maxwell Technologies Announces Generator Starting Solutions for Commercial and Industrial Standby and Backup Generator Market


Dec. 12, 2016 at 9:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Supercapacitor Market by Type, Application Vertical, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022


Dec. 5, 2016 at 3:40 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Maxwell Technologies Inc.


            
            Maxwell Technologies, Inc. engages in the development, manufacture, and marketing of energy storage and power delivery solutions. It operates through the following product lines: Ultracapacitors, High-Voltage Capacitors, and Radiation-Hardened Microelectronic Products. The Ultracapacitors product line includes energy storage devices such as modules, threaded and weldable cells, and board mounted small cells. The High-Voltage Capacitors product line comprises of grading and coupling capacitors and electronic voltage transformers under the CONDIS brand. The Radiation-Hardened Microelectronic Products consist of single board computers and components such as memory and data conversion modules. The company was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 5
Full Ratings 





Benzinga's Top Initiations


May. 23, 2016 at 9:54 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Maxwell Technologies Initiated At Neutral By Roth


May. 23, 2016 at 9:11 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Analysts Weigh On Canadian Solar And Maxwell Technologies


Feb. 18, 2016 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Micron Technology Inc.
-5.59%
$35.28B


Microsemi Corp.
1.29%
$6.11B


Powell Industries Inc.
3.41%
$369.16M


ON Semiconductor Corp.
-0.33%
$6.37B


AVX Corp.
0.45%
$3.02B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








X

2.69%








T

-0.03%








FCX

14.74%








CMG

2.54%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












	Maxwell Technologies, Inc. - Maxwell Technologies Announces Agreement for Sale of Microelectronics Product Line





































Skip to main content



































Home  >  Investors  >  News & Events  >  Press Releases  >  Maxwell Technologies Announces Agreement for Sale of Microelectronics Product Line

View all Press Releases

Maxwell Technologies Announces Agreement for Sale of Microelectronics Product Line


April 12, 2016


Download this Press Release
PDF Format (opens in new window)
?
()



SAN DIEGO, April 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: MXWL), a leading developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation, a subsidiary of ILC Industries, Inc. The agreement includes all assets and certain liabilities related to the microelectronics product line.
Gross proceeds from the transaction are expected to be $21 million in cash. The purchase price is subject to working capital and closing transaction adjustments. The sale transaction is expected to close by the end of April 2016, subject to customary and negotiated closing conditions. 
About Maxwell: Maxwell is a global leader in the development and manufacture of innovative, cost-effective energy storage and power delivery solutions. Our ultracapacitor products provide safe and reliable power solutions for applications in consumer and industrial electronics, transportation and telecommunications. Our high-voltage grading and coupling capacitors help to ensure the safety and reliability of electric utility infrastructure and other applications involving transport, distribution and measurement of high-voltage electrical energy. Our radiation-mitigated microelectronic products include power modules, memory modules, and single board computers that incorporate powerful commercial silicon for superior performance and high reliability in aerospace applications. For more information, please visit our website: www.maxwell.com.
Forward-Looking StatementsStatements in this news release that are "forward-looking statements" are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties and are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual events may differ materially. Factors that may affect actual results include, but are not limited to, whether and when the closing conditions will be satisfied and whether and when the transaction will close.
For further information regarding risks and uncertainties associated with Maxwell's business, please refer to the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Risk Factors" sections of our SEC filings, including, but not limited to, our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these documents may be obtained by contacting Maxwell's investor relations department at (858) 503-3359, or at our investor relations website: investors.maxwell.com.
Media & Investor Contact: Amy Wakeham, (858) 503-3359 awakeham@maxwell.com

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121018/LA91771LOGO 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/maxwell-technologies-announces-agreement-for-sale-of-microelectronics-product-line-300250370.html
SOURCE  Maxwell Technologies, Inc.





View all Press Releases


















Email Address:


*








Mailing Lists
*






Press Releases

SEC Filings

Latest Events

EOD Stock Quote

Financial Reports










 





Enter the code shown above.



*













IR Contact

Investor RelationsMaxwell Technologies, Inc.3888 Calle FortunadaSan Diego, CA 92123
Phone: 858-503-3300
E-mail: IR@maxwell.com



IR Toolkit

Print Page
|
E-mail Page
|
RSS Feeds
|
E-mail Alerts
|
IR Contacts







Products
Ultracapacitors
High Voltage
Engine Starting


Media Room
Press Releases
Maxwell in the News
Press Kits
Events
Awards
Blog


Support
ESM Support
Contact Us
Sitemap












Select Your Language

ENGLISH (US)
Chinese (简体中文)
FRENCH
GERMAN
ITALIAN
JAPANESE
KOREAN
PORTUGUESE
SPANISH






	© 2017 MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
CA Transparency Act Disclosure






























    MXWL Key Statistics - Maxwell Technologies Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Maxwell Technologies Inc.

                  NASDAQ: MXWL
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Maxwell Technologies Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 5:10 p.m.


MXWL

/quotes/zigman/61208/composite


$
5.88




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 2,423
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/61208/composite
Previous close

$
			5.89
		


$
				5.88
			
Change

-0.01
-0.17%





Day low
Day high
$5.86
$5.94










52 week low
52 week high

            $4.20
        

            $6.48
        

















			Company Description 


			Maxwell Technologies, Inc. engages in the development, manufacture, and marketing of energy storage and power delivery solutions. It operates through the following product lines: Ultracapacitors, High-Voltage Capacitors, and Radiation-Hardened Microelectronic Products. The Ultracapacitors product li...
		


                Maxwell Technologies, Inc. engages in the development, manufacture, and marketing of energy storage and power delivery solutions. It operates through the following product lines: Ultracapacitors, High-Voltage Capacitors, and Radiation-Hardened Microelectronic Products. The Ultracapacitors product line includes energy storage devices such as modules, threaded and weldable cells, and board mounted small cells. The High-Voltage Capacitors product line comprises of grading and coupling capacitors and electronic voltage transformers under the CONDIS brand. The Radiation-Hardened Microelectronic Products consist of single board computers and components such as memory and data conversion modules. The company was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-7.96


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-6.96


Price to Sales Ratio
1.35


Price to Book Ratio
1.63


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-13.44


Enterprise Value to Sales
1.70


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.00

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
290,057.00


Income Per Employee
-56,711.00


Receivables Turnover
3.81


Total Asset Turnover
0.78

Liquidity

Current Ratio
2.81


Quick Ratio
1.71


Cash Ratio
0.86



Profitability

Gross Margin
27.28


Operating Margin
-19.88


Pretax Margin
-16.13


Net Margin
-19.55


Return on Assets
-15.15


Return on Equity
-21.55


Return on Total Capital
-21.53


Return on Invested Capital
-21.54

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
0.08


Total Debt to Total Capital
0.08


Total Debt to Total Assets
0.06


Long-Term Debt to Equity
0.04


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
0.04





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Steven J. Bilodeau 
58
2016
Chairman



Dr. Franz J. Fink 
54
2014
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Everett E. Wiggins 
-
2006
Vice President-Operations



Mr. David B. Lyle 
51
2015
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Treasurer



Mr. Jeremy  Cowperthwaite 
-
2007
Vice President-Development Engineering





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/13/2017

Franz J. Fink 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

42,662


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/10/2017

Ilya Alekseevich Golubovich 
Director

1,016,154


 



0


07/10/2017

Ilya Alekseevich Golubovich 
Director

1,012,917


 



0


06/14/2017

Jörg Buchheim 
Director

38,818


 
Acquisition at $5.82 per share.


225,920


06/13/2017

Jörg Buchheim 
Director

21,182


 
Acquisition at $5.71 per share.


120,949


05/12/2017

Franz J. Fink 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

23,113


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/12/2017

Franz J. Fink 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

12,790


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/12/2017

Franz J. Fink 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

10,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/12/2017

David B. Lyle 
Chief Financial Officer

20,680


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/12/2017

David B. Lyle 
Chief Financial Officer

13,003


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/12/2017

David B. Lyle 
Chief Financial Officer

9,631


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/12/2017

David B. Lyle 
Chief Financial Officer

16,378


 
Disposition at $5.96 per share.


97,612


03/15/2017

David B. Lyle 
Chief Financial Officer

356


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $5.44 per share.


1,936


03/02/2017

Franz J. Fink 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

1,983


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


03/02/2017

David B. Lyle 
Chief Financial Officer

826


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017

Robert L. Guyett 
Director

16,732


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017

Burkhard Göeschel 
Director

16,732


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017

Yon Yoon Jorden 
Director

16,732


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017

Roger L. Howsmon 
Director

16,732


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017

David L. Schlotterbeck                            
Director

16,732


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017

Jörg Buchheim 
Director

15,653


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017

Richard A. Bergman 
Director

16,732


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017

Steven J. Bilodeau 
Director

16,569


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


11/02/2016

Franz J. Fink 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

15,254


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/19/2016

Roger L. Howsmon 
Director

2,000


 
Acquisition at $5.53 per share.


11,060








/news/latest/company/us/mxwl

      MarketWatch News on MXWL
    




 Maxwell Technologies upgraded to outperform from market perform at Northland Capital
7:00 a.m. June 17, 2015
 - Tomi Kilgore




 4 stocks to watch
2:44 p.m. Nov. 19, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 6 stocks to watch
3:56 p.m. June 18, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 6 stocks to watch
3:25 p.m. May 29, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 S&P 500 nails the 50-day average
11:27 a.m. May 21, 2014
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 Six stocks to watch
3:33 p.m. April 23, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 Charting a two-tailed market backdrop
12:40 p.m. April 22, 2014
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 Charting a two-tailed market backdrop
12:06 p.m. April 22, 2014
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 Six stocks to watch
3:23 p.m. April 2, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 Six stocks to watch
2:48 p.m. March 5, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 Six stocks to watch
2:38 p.m. Sept. 18, 2013
 - The Trading Deck




 Don't be like Jamie Dimon
10:07 a.m. May 14, 2012
 - The Trading Deck




 Friday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks
5:20 p.m. Feb. 17, 2012
 - Kate Gibson




 The case for shorting AAPL (and other ideas)
9:22 a.m. Nov. 28, 2011
 - The Trading Deck




 Technicals bend, not break, on debt worries
12:23 p.m. Nov. 9, 2011
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 How shorting stocks is like hunting wildebeest
3:38 p.m. Nov. 2, 2011
 - The Trading Deck




 Closing out a volatile third quarter
11:16 a.m. Sept. 30, 2011
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 Tech stocks close with mild gains
5:23 p.m. Nov. 4, 2009
 - Rex Crum




 Was that really the Dow's third-biggest point gain?
10:08 a.m. Oct. 1, 2008
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 Stocks in focus for Tuesday
5:54 a.m. Oct. 30, 2007
 - MarketWatch


Loading more headlines...







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/mxwl

      Other News on MXWL
    





Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

10:42 a.m. July 14, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 6/15/17: FOSL, LE

3:35 a.m. June 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Why Is Maxwell (MXWL) Down 9.2% Since the Last Earnings Report?

2:36 a.m. June 14, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies: Will Expansion Overcome Dilution?

2:48 p.m. May 30, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Virtusa Corporation (VRTU) and Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Lead 12 Notable Investor Filings

5:00 p.m. May 15, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com




 10-Q: MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC
4:16 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Maxwell (MXWL) Posts In-Line Q1 Loss, Revenues Top Estimates

8:09 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies' (MXWL) CEO Franz Fink on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

10:40 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

5:35 p.m. May 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Maxwell Tech +20% on $47M cash injection from Chinese group

6:25 p.m. April 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Maxwell (MXWL) Up 8.7% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue?

7:30 a.m. March 31, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Maxwell (MXWL) Initiatives, Nesscap Energy Buyout Bode Well

8:29 a.m. March 22, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Presents At 29th Annual ROTH Conference

2:02 p.m. March 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Maxwell Technologies: Acquiring Nesscap Energy Part Of Aggressive Expansion

7:17 a.m. March 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Maxwell (MXWL) Q4 Loss Wider than Expected, Revenues Beat

10:28 a.m. March 1, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Maxwell Technologies' (MXWL) CEO Franz Fink on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

11:30 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

6:35 p.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Mother Nature Will Determine Future Of Portfolio When It Comes To Climate Change Stocks

12:23 a.m. Jan. 20, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Maxwell Technologies: No Clear Catalyst To A Rebound

6:55 a.m. Nov. 4, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC
4:31 p.m. Nov. 2, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
3888 Calle Fortunada


San Diego, California 92123




Phone
1 8585033300


Industry
Industrial Electronics


Sector
Industrial Goods


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$121.24M


Net Income
$-23.71M


Employees

        418.00


Annual Report for MXWL











/news/pressrelease/company/us/mxwl

      Press Releases on MXWL
    




 Maxwell Announces Participation in the Cowen and Company 45th Annual Technology, Media & Telecom Conference
8:05 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Chairman of the Board Transition
8:00 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
4:15 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Investor Network: Maxwell Technologies, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
1:01 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Maxwell Technologies names Thibault Kassir VP and GM, Energy Storage Products
1:30 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Completes Acquisition of Nesscap Energy Business
8:00 a.m. April 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date
4:15 p.m. April 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Capstone Announces the Election of Yon Yoon Jorden to its Board of Directors
4:16 p.m. April 11, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Maxwell Signs $47 Million Strategic Equity Investment Agreement with China's SDIC Fund Management Co., Ltd.
4:46 p.m. April 10, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Technologies Announces Agreement with Viex Capital Advisors
4:42 p.m. April 10, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Announces Participation in 29th Annual ROTH Conference
5:02 p.m. March 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Technologies to Acquire Nesscap Energy Business
5:15 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Results and Executes Key Strategic Actions
5:04 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Announces July 13 as Updated Date for 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
8:00 a.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Release Date
8:00 a.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Technologies Expands Partnership with China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation (CRRC) to Localize Ultracapacitor Module Production for the China Bus Market
6:09 p.m. Jan. 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Optoelectronic Components Market, OLED, Image Sensor, Infrared Component, Optocouplers, Laser Diode and Others: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2015 - 2023
7:48 p.m. Jan. 23, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Announces May 10 as Date for 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
8:00 a.m. Jan. 17, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maxwell Technologies Announces Generator Starting Solutions for Commercial and Industrial Standby and Backup Generator Market
10:05 a.m. Dec. 12, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Supercapacitor Market by Type, Application Vertical, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022
4:40 p.m. Dec. 5, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:58 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:04aWynn Macau net profit rises 57% on year
1:03aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
1:01aOil rally continues, as optimism builds ahead U.S. supply data
12:51aJapan, Aussie stocks continue to rise, spurred on by commodity prices
12:01aDon’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































BCAP3000 P270 K04 Maxwell Technologies Inc. | Capacitors | DigiKey











































































United States

1-800-344-4539


Change Country

English

USD


 Your item(s) View Cart Login orREGISTER LoginRegisterWhy Register





All ProductsAll ContentAudio ProductsBattery ProductsBoxes Enclosures RacksCable AssembliesCables Wires ManagementCables WiresCapacitorsCircuit ProtectionComputers Office Components AccessoriesConnectors InterconnectsCrystals and OscillatorsDevelopment Boards, Kits, ProgrammersDiscrete Semiconductor ProductsEmbedded ComputersFans Thermal ManagementFiltersHardware Fasteners AccessoriesInductors Coils ChokesIndustrial Controls MetersIntegrated CircuitsIsolatersKitsLine Protection Distribution BackupsMagnetics Transformer Inductor ComponentsMaker/DIY, EducationalMemory Cards ModulesMotors Solenoids Driver Boards ModulesNetworking SolutionsOptical Inspection EquipmentOptoelectronics Potentiometers Variable ResistorsPower Supplies Board MountPower Supplies External Internal Off-BoardPrototyping ProductsRelaysResistorsRF IF and RFIDSensors TransducersSoldering Desoldering Rework ProductsStatic Control ESD Clean Room ProductsSwitchesTape AdhesivesTest and MeasurementToolsTransformers





PRODUCTS MANUFACTURERS RESOURCESResearchAcademic ProgramArticlesBlog - TheCircuitContent LibraryEngineering ResourcesIndustrial AutomationIoT Product SelectorNewest ProductsProduct Training ModulesSensors Product SelectorTechForumVideo LibraryDesignConversion CalculatorsDevelopment ToolsEDA & Design ToolsMaker.ioReference Designs Scheme-it® Design ToolTechZones℠Search / OrderingBOM ManagerBrowser ResourcesOnline CatalogOrder StatusShopping Cart 





Product Index > Capacitors  > Electric Double Layer Capacitors (EDLC), Supercapacitors > Maxwell Technologies Inc. BCAP3000 P270 K04
            



               Share 






Share this on:







Or copy the link below:



This feature is temporarily unavailable. We are working diligently to get this fixed. Thank you for your patience.











                    Add To Favorites
                


                            This feature is only available for registered users. Please Login or Register.
                        


This feature is temporarily unavailable. We are working diligently to get this fixed. Thank you for your patience.




 







 







                                Product Overview
                            


Digi-Key Part Number


                                        1182-1021-ND
                                    


Quantity Available




131

Can ship immediately                



Manufacturer



Maxwell Technologies Inc.





Manufacturer Part Number



                                            BCAP3000 P270 K04
                                        



Description

                                            CAP 3000F 2.7V THREADED
                                        



                                            Lead Free Status / RoHS Status
                                        

                                            Lead free / RoHS Compliant
                                        


Moisture Sensitivity Level (MSL)
1  (Unlimited)


Manufacturer Standard Lead Time


                                                4 Weeks
                                            



Detailed Description


                                                3000F (EDLC) Supercapacitor 2.7V Axial, Can - Screw Terminals 0.29 mOhm 1500 Hrs @ 65°C

                                            








                            Documents & Media
                        


Datasheets

K2 Series Datasheet







Product Training Modules

K2 Cell Series of Ultracapacitors







RoHS Information

K2 Cell Series RoHS Declaration







 Online Catalog 


                K2 Series
            










                Product Attributes
            
Select All



Categories

Capacitors







Electric Double Layer Capacitors (EDLC), Supercapacitors






Manufacturer
Maxwell Technologies Inc.



Series

K2





                        Packaging
 

Bulk 





                        Part Status
                    



Active

                        




                        Capacitance
                    



3000F

                        




                        Tolerance
                    



-

                        




                        Voltage - Rated
                    



2.7V

                        




                        ESR (Equivalent Series Resistance)
                    



0.29 mOhm

                        




                        Lifetime @ Temp.
                    



1500 Hrs @ 65°C

                        




                        Termination
                    



Screw Terminals

                        




                        Mounting Type
                    



Chassis, Stud Mount

                        




                        Package / Case
                    



Axial, Can - Screw Terminals

                        




                        Lead Spacing
                    



-

                        




                        Size / Dimension
                    



2.390" Dia (60.70mm)

                        




                        Height - Seated (Max)
                    



5.445" (138.30mm)

                        




                        Operating Temperature
                    



-40°C ~ 65°C

                        




 



Report an Error




                Associated Product
            










INTEGRATION KIT ACTIVE

Maxwell Technologies Inc.

INTEGRATION KIT BCAP0650-3000

Unit Price
83.20000
                                                
1182-1035-ND







INTEGRATION KIT PASSIVE

Maxwell Technologies Inc.

INTEGRATION KIT BCAP0650-3000

Unit Price
58.24000
                                                
1182-1034-ND









 You May Also Be Interested In 







BCAP0350 E270 T11

Maxwell Technologies Inc.

CAP 350F 2.7V THROUGH HOLE
 Unit Price 
11.75000
                
1182-1016-ND







INTEGRATION KIT ACTIVE

Maxwell Technologies Inc.

INTEGRATION KIT BCAP0650-3000
 Unit Price 
83.20000
                
1182-1035-ND







INTEGRATION KIT PASSIVE

Maxwell Technologies Inc.

INTEGRATION KIT BCAP0650-3000
 Unit Price 
58.24000
                
1182-1034-ND







BCAP3400 P285 K04

Maxwell Technologies Inc.

CAP 3400F 2.85V THREADED
 Unit Price 
64.90000
                
1182-1037-ND







BCAP3000 P300 K04

Maxwell Technologies Inc.

CAP 3000F 3V CHASSIS MOUNT
 Unit Price 
64.90000
                
1182-1040-ND









                                                    Additional Resources
                                                


Standard Package 
 15



                                                                Other Names
                                                            

108387-1 
1182-1021 
BCAP3000P270K04 




00:58:28 7/26/2017




                                                    Price & Procurement
                                                

 






Quantity




 



1182-1021-ND
BCAP3000 P270 K04 ‎



















                                                        All prices are in USD.
                                                    


Price Break
Unit Price
Extended Price


1

 58.24000
58.24


10
54.60000
546.00


100
47.32000
4,732.00



                                                            Submit a request for quotation on quantities greater than those displayed.







 Send Feedback












Information
Terms & ConditionsBlog - TheCircuitTechForumAbout Digi-KeyContact UsNewsroomSite MapSupported BrowsersPrivacy StatementCareers

United States
sales@digikey.com
Toll Free: 1-800-344-4539Phone: 218-681-6674Fax: 218-681-3380




International
AfricaAsiaAustraliaEuropeMiddle EastNorth AmericaSouth America




Copyright © 1995-2017, Digi-Key Electronics.All Rights Reserved.701 Brooks Avenue South,Thief River Falls, MN 56701 USA















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Maxwell Technologies Distributor | DigiKey Electronics
























United States

1-800-344-4539


Change Country

English

USD


 Your item(s) View Cart Login orREGISTER LoginRegisterWhy Register





All ProductsAll ContentAudio ProductsBattery ProductsBoxes Enclosures RacksCable AssembliesCables Wires ManagementCables WiresCapacitorsCircuit ProtectionComputers Office Components AccessoriesConnectors InterconnectsCrystals and OscillatorsDevelopment Boards, Kits, ProgrammersDiscrete Semiconductor ProductsEmbedded ComputersFans Thermal ManagementFiltersHardware Fasteners AccessoriesInductors Coils ChokesIndustrial Controls MetersIntegrated CircuitsIsolatersKitsLine Protection Distribution BackupsMagnetics Transformer Inductor ComponentsMaker/DIY, EducationalMemory Cards ModulesMotors Solenoids Driver Boards ModulesNetworking SolutionsOptical Inspection EquipmentOptoelectronics Potentiometers Variable ResistorsPower Supplies Board MountPower Supplies External Internal Off-BoardPrototyping ProductsRelaysResistorsRF IF and RFIDSensors TransducersSoldering Desoldering Rework ProductsStatic Control ESD Clean Room ProductsSwitchesTape AdhesivesTest and MeasurementToolsTransformers





PRODUCTS MANUFACTURERS RESOURCESResearchAcademic ProgramArticlesBlog - TheCircuitContent LibraryEngineering ResourcesIndustrial AutomationIoT Product SelectorNewest ProductsProduct Training ModulesSensors Product SelectorTechForumVideo LibraryDesignConversion CalculatorsDevelopment ToolsEDA & Design ToolsMaker.ioReference Designs Scheme-it® Design ToolTechZones℠Search / OrderingBOM ManagerBrowser ResourcesOnline CatalogOrder StatusShopping Cart 






Manufacturer Linecard
            
        >
            
            Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
        








Maxwell Technologies, Inc.
 - For more than 45 years, our world-class research and product development teams have established Maxwell Technologies as a global leader in developing, manufacturing and marketing energy storage and power delivery solutions for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications as well as for radiation-hardened microelectronic components and systems for satellites and spacecraft. Maxwell products are designed and built to provide failure-free performance for the life of the most demanding applications.







PARTS
CONTENT










Product Listing
View All







Capacitors (47)





Accessories (2)


Electric Double Layer Capacitors (EDLC), Supercapacitors (45)











Newest Products
View All (4)










DuraBlue™ K2 Ultracapacitors
Maxwell Technologies expands its K2 family of ultracapacitors with the 2.85 V, 3400 Farad cell.
Learn More








D Cell Series Ultracapacitor
Maxwell's D Cell ultracapacitors have an operating temp range of -40°C to 65°C and radial mounting design for easy surface mount assembly.
Learn More










K2 Series Ultracapacitor
Maxwell’s K2 ultracapacitor cells have an electrostatic storage capability that can cycle a million charges and discharges without performance degradation.
Learn More








HC Series Ultracapacitor
Maxwell Technologies' HC cells offer low internal resistance, 10 year life capability, and are rated at 2.7 V at 65°C and 2.3 V at 85°C.
Learn More








Product Training Modules
View All (7)







K2 Cell Series of Ultracapacitors
Duration: 5 minutes
Specifications, usage, and part number breakdown of the K2 cell ultracapacitors. Applications include hybrid diesel electric busses and industrial backup power.





D Cell Series of Ultracapacitors 
Duration: 5 minutes
D cell series feature radial mounting design for easy surface mount assembly. Benefits include high burst power, quick charge, and green technology.







75V Module Series of Ultracapacitors
Duration: 5 minutes
Specifications, applications, and naming conventions for Maxwell's 75V module series of ultracapacitors.





56V Module Series of Ultracapacitors
Duration: 5 minutes
Features include standard rackmount configurations and a 14 year lifetime.  Easily integrated into existing systems and maintenance free with no toxic materials.








Featured Videos
View All (3)







Maxwell Technologies Ultracapacitors Power Emirates Air Line Cable Car
Roof-mounted Maxwell Technologies ultracapacitor





Ultracapacitor 101
What is an ultracapacitor?







AWEA Windpower 2014 Company Showcase:  Maxwell Technologies
Eize de Vries interviews Maxwell Technologies' Sr. Product Marketing Manager, Wolfgang Beez, about Maxwell Technologies and the advantages of using ultracapacitors in the renewable energy sector.













Additional Content




Datasheets

16 V Modules
16 V Small Cell Module
48 V Modules
56 V Module
75 V Module
125 V Heavy Transportation Module
160 V Module
BC Series Ultracapacitors
HC Series Ultracapacitors
K2 Series Ultracapacitors

Brochures

Overview Flyer
Product Comparison Matrix



Technical Notes

HC Cell Soldering Guidelines
Mounting and Soldering of BC and PC Series Products
Ultracapacitor Cell Sizing

White Papers

Ultracapacitor Automotive Solutions
Ultracapacitor Usage in Wind Turbine Pitch Control Systems
Using Ultracapacitors for Voltage Stabilization
Design Considerations for Ultracapacitors








Manufacturer Web site






Visit Maxwell Technologies, Inc.'s Web site















Information
Terms & ConditionsBlog - TheCircuitTechForumAbout Digi-KeyContact UsNewsroomSite MapSupported BrowsersPrivacy StatementCareers

United States
sales@digikey.com
Toll Free: 1-800-344-4539Phone: 218-681-6674Fax: 218-681-3380




International
AfricaAsiaAustraliaEuropeMiddle EastNorth AmericaSouth America




Copyright © 1995-2017, Digi-Key Electronics.All Rights Reserved.701 Brooks Avenue South,Thief River Falls, MN 56701 USA













	Maxwell Technologies Ultracapacitors, Supercapacitors and High Voltage






























maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener






















Over 58,000 Onshore and Offshore Wind Turbines Worldwide.
Learn More about Our wind applications




The Award Winning Engine Start Module.
Learn More about its features and applications.



Start-Stop TechnologyGets a Boostfrom UltracapacitorsLearn More about Our Start-Stop Technology











POWER GRID









TRANSPORTATION











MAXWELLIN THE NEWS




Advanced energy storage
Read More









EVENTS




Check out our current events!




Improve Starting Reliability for Truck FleetsDownload White Paper Now















Maxwell Technologies - Wikipedia






















 






Maxwell Technologies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






A major contributor to this article appears to have a close connection with its subject. It may require cleanup to comply with Wikipedia's content policies, particularly neutral point of view. Please discuss further on the talk page. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Maxwell Technologies





Type

Corporation


Industry
Energy storage


Founded
1965


Headquarters
3888 Calle Fortunada,
San Diego, CA 92123, United States



Key people

Franz Fink, President and CEO


Products
Ultracapacitors
High-voltage capacitors
Engine Start Module (ESM)
Backup power systems
Power modules



Number of employees

367


Website
maxwell.com


Maxwell Technologies is an American developer and manufacturer headquartered in San Diego, California. The company focuses on developing and manufacturing energy storage and power delivery solution-related products for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Facilities and Employees
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1965 as Maxwell Laboratories Inc. by Raymond C. O'Rourke, Alan Kolb, Bruce Hayworth, and Terrence C. Gooding in San Diego, California. Maxwell Laboratories was originally a government contractor, providing advanced physics, pulsed power, space effects analysis and other research and development services to the U.S. military and other government agencies. The company began converting its focus to commercial applications for its technologies and products in the early 1990s, and now generates all of its revenue from commercial sources.[2] In 1996, Maxwell Laboratories, Inc. changed its name to Maxwell Technologies, Inc.[3]
Maxwell Energy Products, a division that included the Maxwell High Voltage Capacitor product line, was acquired in March 2000 by General Atomics, eventually merging into General Atomics Electronic Systems, Inc. in 2003.
In 2007, Maxwell Technologies won $3 million contract from Astrium Satellites to supply computers for European Space Agency’s ‘Gaia’ Astronomy mission. Maxwell supplied seven Maxwell SCS750 SBCs to process images and data gathered by the satellite’s camera.[4]
In November 2013, Maxwell Technologies opens manufacturing facility in Peoria, Arizona.[5]
In December 2013, Maxwell Technologies signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with SK Innovation to develop the next generation energy storage solution with Maxwell’s ultracapacitors and SK’s lithium-ion batteries.[6]
In April 2016, Maxwell completed its sale of the Microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation.[7]
Facilities and Employees[edit]
Maxwell Technologies is headquartered in San Diego, California and principal operations are currently located in both San Diego, California and Peoria, Arizona. The company also has European bases of operations in Rossens, Switzerland and München, Germany and Asia base of operation in Shanghai, China and Seoul, Korea. Currently, the company employs approximately 360 people worldwide.
References[edit]


^ [1]“About Maxwell Technologies” website, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [2] “Dr. Alan C. Kolb, 77; co-founded Maxwell Labs in San Diego” U-T San Diego, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [3]“Business Summary”, Yahoo Finance – Maxwell Technologies (MXWL), accessed 5 February 2014
^ [4] “Maxwell Technologies Wins $3 Million Contract From Astrium Satellites to Supply Computers for European Space Agency's 'Gaia' Astronomy Mission”
^ [5]“Maxwell Technologies creating $26M facility in Peoria”, Phoenix Business Journal, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [6]“Maxwell and SK to Jointly Develop Ultracap/Battery Combo”, Charged Electric Vehicle Magazine, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [7]“Maxwell Technologies Completes Sale of Microelectronics Product Line to Data Device Corporation for $21 Million, accessed 4 May 2016


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Maxwell Technologies.



Maxwell Official Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Maxwell_Technologies&oldid=760527153"					
Categories: Technology companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San DiegoPrivately held companies based in CaliforniaHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest from December 2015Articles needing additional references from December 2012All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 January 2017, at 15:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.






















	Maxwell Technologies Ultracapacitors, Supercapacitors and High Voltage






























maxwell technologies enabling energy's future


opener






















Over 58,000 Onshore and Offshore Wind Turbines Worldwide.
Learn More about Our wind applications




The Award Winning Engine Start Module.
Learn More about its features and applications.



Start-Stop TechnologyGets a Boostfrom UltracapacitorsLearn More about Our Start-Stop Technology











POWER GRID









TRANSPORTATION











MAXWELLIN THE NEWS




Advanced energy storage
Read More









EVENTS




Check out our current events!




Improve Starting Reliability for Truck FleetsDownload White Paper Now















Maxwell Technologies - Wikipedia






















 






Maxwell Technologies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






A major contributor to this article appears to have a close connection with its subject. It may require cleanup to comply with Wikipedia's content policies, particularly neutral point of view. Please discuss further on the talk page. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Maxwell Technologies





Type

Corporation


Industry
Energy storage


Founded
1965


Headquarters
3888 Calle Fortunada,
San Diego, CA 92123, United States



Key people

Franz Fink, President and CEO


Products
Ultracapacitors
High-voltage capacitors
Engine Start Module (ESM)
Backup power systems
Power modules



Number of employees

367


Website
maxwell.com


Maxwell Technologies is an American developer and manufacturer headquartered in San Diego, California. The company focuses on developing and manufacturing energy storage and power delivery solution-related products for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Facilities and Employees
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1965 as Maxwell Laboratories Inc. by Raymond C. O'Rourke, Alan Kolb, Bruce Hayworth, and Terrence C. Gooding in San Diego, California. Maxwell Laboratories was originally a government contractor, providing advanced physics, pulsed power, space effects analysis and other research and development services to the U.S. military and other government agencies. The company began converting its focus to commercial applications for its technologies and products in the early 1990s, and now generates all of its revenue from commercial sources.[2] In 1996, Maxwell Laboratories, Inc. changed its name to Maxwell Technologies, Inc.[3]
Maxwell Energy Products, a division that included the Maxwell High Voltage Capacitor product line, was acquired in March 2000 by General Atomics, eventually merging into General Atomics Electronic Systems, Inc. in 2003.
In 2007, Maxwell Technologies won $3 million contract from Astrium Satellites to supply computers for European Space Agency’s ‘Gaia’ Astronomy mission. Maxwell supplied seven Maxwell SCS750 SBCs to process images and data gathered by the satellite’s camera.[4]
In November 2013, Maxwell Technologies opens manufacturing facility in Peoria, Arizona.[5]
In December 2013, Maxwell Technologies signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with SK Innovation to develop the next generation energy storage solution with Maxwell’s ultracapacitors and SK’s lithium-ion batteries.[6]
In April 2016, Maxwell completed its sale of the Microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation.[7]
Facilities and Employees[edit]
Maxwell Technologies is headquartered in San Diego, California and principal operations are currently located in both San Diego, California and Peoria, Arizona. The company also has European bases of operations in Rossens, Switzerland and München, Germany and Asia base of operation in Shanghai, China and Seoul, Korea. Currently, the company employs approximately 360 people worldwide.
References[edit]


^ [1]“About Maxwell Technologies” website, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [2] “Dr. Alan C. Kolb, 77; co-founded Maxwell Labs in San Diego” U-T San Diego, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [3]“Business Summary”, Yahoo Finance – Maxwell Technologies (MXWL), accessed 5 February 2014
^ [4] “Maxwell Technologies Wins $3 Million Contract From Astrium Satellites to Supply Computers for European Space Agency's 'Gaia' Astronomy Mission”
^ [5]“Maxwell Technologies creating $26M facility in Peoria”, Phoenix Business Journal, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [6]“Maxwell and SK to Jointly Develop Ultracap/Battery Combo”, Charged Electric Vehicle Magazine, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [7]“Maxwell Technologies Completes Sale of Microelectronics Product Line to Data Device Corporation for $21 Million, accessed 4 May 2016


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Maxwell Technologies.



Maxwell Official Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Maxwell_Technologies&oldid=760527153"					
Categories: Technology companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San DiegoPrivately held companies based in CaliforniaHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest from December 2015Articles needing additional references from December 2012All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 January 2017, at 15:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Maxwell Technologies - 首页 | Facebook














Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册首页简介照片点评视频帖子社群创建主页社群查看全部1,145 位用户赞了1,118 位用户关注了58 位用户来过简介全部圣迭戈 3888 Calle Fortunada 92123, CA+1 858-503-3300一般回复时间：几分钟内Contact Maxwell Technologies on Messengerwww.maxwell.com能源公司 · 机构组织人气1,145 位用户赞了58 次访问类似主页Hammer Tech电子产品EAA - The Spirit of Aviation博物馆Kaizer Power Electronics电子产品组织机构 在圣迭戈中这个主页赞了Mining Media InternationalUtility Fleet Professional MagazineChris Mooney地点圣迭戈机构组织Maxwell Technologies中文(简体) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隐私权政策 · 条款 · 广告发布 · 广告选项 · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017点评22 条点评你打几分？Rey Moreno · 2015年11月23日First off, I love my engine start module. I live in Wisconsin where it gets in the Negative temperatures often and it's a great relief to know that my truck wil...l start any time I need it too. Moreover, I had an issue recently with my module, and the customer service has been stellar! Easy to talk to people, very patient and willing to listen and offer advice. It's so refreshing to get GOOD customer service and a TRUE company that stand behind their products.  Yes I recommend the Maxwell Starter Module to all of my friends, business partners and anyone involved in trucking. I don't know how I lived without it....... 展开Chad Dickey · 2016年1月26日There was a problem with my Maxwell ESM.  Jim Passnode  from the San Diego office met me at the Ontario, CA Petro.  He conducted some tests and replaced my ESM....  I'm truly sold on Maxwells customer service with technicians that go out of there way to make me (The Customer) happy.  I recommend the Maxwell ESM to any owner operator professional driver.  The ESM provides me with engine starting peace of mind, especially when I use only use deap cycle batteries to run my hotel load worry free.  Thank you Jim!!! 展开Wilson Eichinger · 2016年12月30日They could answer emails more;  needing information on a project I'm working on.  I guess they're only into business for big money..Luigi Moro · 2016年11月8日5/5 Proud to have worked for and with you. =)Peter Clapham · 2015年9月19日The Maxwell ESM was the first aftermarket item I installed on my truck...The first day I owned it!Mark J Ulloa · 2016年2月29日One of the best investment you can make in your truckJason Quin · 2015年2月18日I will be using your batteries in my renewable energy projectsChris Felton · 2015年11月6日Racist employees, you should really look into their backgroundRichard Hardy · 2015年9月10日Great product! Shouldn't leave your home without it!全部视频Meet our team at AWEA WINDPOWER!122Check out this video from #MATS2015 of Kenworth Truck Co. talking about its inclusion of our #ultracapacitor-based Engine Start Module in new trucks.6Live at TMC  2017!123全部帖子Maxwell Technologies · 9 小时前 · Today's trucks face serious power requirements. Discover five ways our Engine Start Module helps meet this demand.  #TruckerTuesdayTop 5 Reasons to Start Heavy Duty Trucks with UltracapacitorsToday’s modern trucks have a variety of power requirements that can place a lot of demand on the truck’s lead-acid batteries. Ultracapacitor engine start technology provides a reliable way to start…maxwell.comMaxwell Technologies · 昨天 12:34 · What's the key to vehicle electrification? Hybrid #EnergyStorage systems.The key to vehicle electrification: hybrid energy storage systemsAs countries look to create cleaner environments, automakers can achieve stricter fuel emissions standards with the help of ultracapacitors.maxwell.com全部帖子Maxwell Technologies · 7月21日 12:20 · #ESNA2017 is almost here! Join us at booth 311 to talk about #EnergyStorage technologies. http://buff.ly/2uiHmIrMaxwell Technologies · 7月20日 12:18 · Our own Jeff Brakley talked anti-idling laws and #ultracapacitors with Vehicle Service Pros. Check it out. http://buff.ly/2udW3MYMaxwell Technologies · 7月19日 12:18 · If the energy grid fails, #WindTurbines need an emergency backup plan. That's where #ultracapacitors come in.  #WindWednesdayThe Advantages of Ultracapacitors in Wind Turbine Electric Pitch Control SystemsUltracapacitors have the advantage when it comes to supporting a wind turbine’s electric pitch control system.maxwell.comMaxwell Technologies · 7月18日 12:14 · How is the Maxwell Engine Start Module making a difference for #truckers? Find out in this Q&A.  #TruckerTuesdayKevin Rutherford spoke with Maxwell Technologies about how the Maxwell Engine Start Module is making a difference in the trucking industry.Maxwell Engine Start Module is changing the trucking industry’s dependence on batteries and providing reliable, cold-weather starts with ultracapacitor technology.maxwell.comMaxwell Technologies · 7月17日 12:20 · Check out the results this customer saw after supporting her truck batteries with Maxwell ESM:Cold Starts: A Customer Gets ResultsMichelle Sedlezky, a rental manager in Mississauga, Ontario, recorded video of herself starting two trucks that hadn’t been started in weeks—one that has batteries only, and one with the Maxwell…maxwell.comMaxwell Technologies · 7月14日 10:33 · How do you choose the right battery for your Maxwell Engine Start Module installation? Check out our tech tip to find out. http://buff.ly/2urqIt7Maxwell Technologies · 7月13日 11:36 · As energy demand grows, #ultracapacitors are enabling reliable #RenewableEnergy. Find out how. http://bit.ly/2uiOzdGUltracapacitors in your daily life: Enabling renewable energyAs we begin to adopt new renewable energy sources, reliability is a struggle. In a world dependent on electricity, ultracapacitors can help to keep the lights on.maxwell.comMaxwell Technologies · 7月12日 13:11 · How do #ultracapacitors support #WindPower? Check out this quick video to find out.  #WindWednesdayWhat You Need to Know About Ultracapacitors for Wind TurbinesWant a quick introduction to ultracapacitors for wind turbine applications? This is your video.maxwell.comMaxwell Technologies · 7月11日 12:20 · There are thousands of trucks using Maxwell's ultracapacitor-based Engine Start Module. Learn why. http://bit.ly/2tadR9F #TruckerTuesdayMaxwell Technologies Transportation Solutions: TruckMaxwell Technologies Transportation Solutions: Truckmaxwell.comMaxwell Technologies · 7月10日 12:36 · Want to learn more about our CONDIS Gas-Insulated Switchgear Grading Capacitors? Check out our new Q&A.Q&A: Gas-Insulated Switchgear Grading Capacitors with Patrick GaillardMaxwell Technologies’ CONDIS® gas-insulated switchgear (GIS) grading capacitors have been designed and delivered to customers worldwide since the 1990s. Patrick Gaillard, product marketing manager…maxwell.comMaxwell Technologies · 7月7日 11:02 · A new report predicts #EV sales will reach 3 million by 2021. CleanTechnica explains what's next for the industry.Electric Cars Will Total More Than 50% Of All New Car Sales By 2040, BNEF ForecastsBloomberg New Energy Finance has a new prediction about electric cars — they will account for more than half of all new car sales globally by 2040 and account for a third of all light duty ve…cleantechnica.comMaxwell Technologies · 7月6日 11:43 · Want the latest news on power, energy and #ultracapacitor technology? Subscribe to our blog! http://bit.ly/2bDgbz3MAXPower WeeklyMAXPower Weekly Email Formsmaxwell.us11.list-manage.comMaxwell Technologies · 7月5日 13:22 · Learn how #ultracapacitors are used for emergency electric wind pitch control.  #WindWednesdayUltracapacitors in Wind Turbines: An Optimal Solution for PerformanceWind farm operators are increasingly turning to ultracapacitors for emergency electric wind pitch control.maxwell.com更多





Maxwell Technologies - Wikipedia






















 






Maxwell Technologies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






A major contributor to this article appears to have a close connection with its subject. It may require cleanup to comply with Wikipedia's content policies, particularly neutral point of view. Please discuss further on the talk page. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Maxwell Technologies





Type

Corporation


Industry
Energy storage


Founded
1965


Headquarters
3888 Calle Fortunada,
San Diego, CA 92123, United States



Key people

Franz Fink, President and CEO


Products
Ultracapacitors
High-voltage capacitors
Engine Start Module (ESM)
Backup power systems
Power modules



Number of employees

367


Website
maxwell.com


Maxwell Technologies is an American developer and manufacturer headquartered in San Diego, California. The company focuses on developing and manufacturing energy storage and power delivery solution-related products for automotive, heavy transportation, renewable energy, backup power, wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 Facilities and Employees
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1965 as Maxwell Laboratories Inc. by Raymond C. O'Rourke, Alan Kolb, Bruce Hayworth, and Terrence C. Gooding in San Diego, California. Maxwell Laboratories was originally a government contractor, providing advanced physics, pulsed power, space effects analysis and other research and development services to the U.S. military and other government agencies. The company began converting its focus to commercial applications for its technologies and products in the early 1990s, and now generates all of its revenue from commercial sources.[2] In 1996, Maxwell Laboratories, Inc. changed its name to Maxwell Technologies, Inc.[3]
Maxwell Energy Products, a division that included the Maxwell High Voltage Capacitor product line, was acquired in March 2000 by General Atomics, eventually merging into General Atomics Electronic Systems, Inc. in 2003.
In 2007, Maxwell Technologies won $3 million contract from Astrium Satellites to supply computers for European Space Agency’s ‘Gaia’ Astronomy mission. Maxwell supplied seven Maxwell SCS750 SBCs to process images and data gathered by the satellite’s camera.[4]
In November 2013, Maxwell Technologies opens manufacturing facility in Peoria, Arizona.[5]
In December 2013, Maxwell Technologies signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with SK Innovation to develop the next generation energy storage solution with Maxwell’s ultracapacitors and SK’s lithium-ion batteries.[6]
In April 2016, Maxwell completed its sale of the Microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation.[7]
Facilities and Employees[edit]
Maxwell Technologies is headquartered in San Diego, California and principal operations are currently located in both San Diego, California and Peoria, Arizona. The company also has European bases of operations in Rossens, Switzerland and München, Germany and Asia base of operation in Shanghai, China and Seoul, Korea. Currently, the company employs approximately 360 people worldwide.
References[edit]


^ [1]“About Maxwell Technologies” website, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [2] “Dr. Alan C. Kolb, 77; co-founded Maxwell Labs in San Diego” U-T San Diego, accessed 5 February 2014
^ [3]“Business Summary”, Yahoo Finance – Maxwell Technologies (MXWL), accessed 5 February 2014
^ [4] “Maxwell Technologies Wins $3 Million Contract From Astrium Satellites to Supply Computers for European Space Agency's 'Gaia' Astronomy Mission”
^ [5]“Maxwell Technologies creating $26M facility in Peoria”, Phoenix Business Journal, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [6]“Maxwell and SK to Jointly Develop Ultracap/Battery Combo”, Charged Electric Vehicle Magazine, accessed 6 February 2014
^ [7]“Maxwell Technologies Completes Sale of Microelectronics Product Line to Data Device Corporation for $21 Million, accessed 4 May 2016


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Maxwell Technologies.



Maxwell Official Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Maxwell_Technologies&oldid=760527153"					
Categories: Technology companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San DiegoPrivately held companies based in CaliforniaHidden categories: Wikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest from December 2015Articles needing additional references from December 2012All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 January 2017, at 15:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































