

 



Dr. Dan Maydan, Ph.D | StemRad

































































 








Dr. Dan Maydan, Ph.DDr. Maydan began his career at the Israel Atomic Energy Commission (IAEC).
He served as the President of Applied Materials (NASDAQ: AMAT) from 1994 to 2003, and a Director from 1992 to 2006, after joining the company in 1980.
Go Back 

Dr. Maydan holds over 188 patents. He was recognized as a co-developer of the Applied Materials Precision 5000 system at its induction as the first semiconductor manufacturing system at the Smithsonian Institution, as part of its collection of breakthrough technologies, which have helped shape society and the modern world. In 1994, Dr. Maydan received the first ever “Lifetime Achievement Award” from the Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International (SEMI) organization.
Prior to joining Applied Materials, Dr. Maydan spend 13 years managing new technology development at Bell Laboratories, during which time he pioneered laser recording of data on thin-metal films and made significant advances in photolithography and plasma etch technologies.
Dr. Maydan was recognized as an industry pioneer during the 50th anniversary celebration of the semiconductor industry. Dr. Maydan received the Israel Trade Award from the Israel Ministry of Industry and Trade in 1998. In the same year, he was also awarded the State of Israel Jubilee Award in recognition of his efforts to integrate Israel into the global economy and for realizing its world-class business potential. Dr. Maydan received the 2001 Torch of Liberty Award from the Anti-Defamation League.
Dr. Maydan holds a B.S. and M.S. in Electrical Engineering from the Technion, Israel Institute of Technology, and a Ph.D. in Physics from Edinburgh University in Scotland. He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering., and has been awarded Honorary Doctorates from the Technion, the Israel Institute of Technology and from National Chiao Tung University, in Taiwan. Dr. Maydan was awarded Doctor honoris causa from Edinburgh University in Scotland. In 2005, Dr. Maydan was inducted into the Silicon Valley Engineering Hall of Fame. 
















 






















Interview of Dan Maydan – Dr. Ichak Adizes
























































































 


























Loading




























 - - Main Navigation - - 





Home  Managerial Insights Interview of Dan Maydan











Interview of Dan MaydanBy Adizes Insights on Posted on Dec 20, 2013 in  category Categories Managerial Insights 



























0 likes
551 views

Comments Interview of Dan Maydan Comments


Former President of Applied Materials
Silicon Valley, California.
Interviewed on Voice America Radio on July 28, 2012    
From a forthcoming book, “ADIZES IN PRACTICE”, to be published by AdizesInstitute in 2014
Dr. Ichak Adizes: We are interviewing today a very dear friend, a client of the past, Dan Maydan, who was a former president of Applied Materials, a very large and successful company. At the time that he retired, it was a company that brought in more than 10 billion dollars in revenue. Hello Dan, how are you?
Dan Maydan: I’m fine. How are you, Ichak?
Ichak Adizes:  I’m very good. I’m in Moscow and understand you are in Silicon Valley the recording is in Arizona and the audience world wide in real time.  Modern life.
Dan Maydan: Yes.
Ichak Adizes: When you joined Applied Materials, how large was the organization?
Dan Maydan: When I joined Applied Materials, which was in September 1980, the company was doing somewhere between 30 to 50 million dollars revenue, though at the time it was coming down. It had had some difficulties, and in 1976, James Morgan was called to the company to try to see what could be done. He solved most of the problems and then, in 1980, I and my group, which formed in New Jersey, joined the company.
Ichak Adizes:  You joined in 1980. I don’t know which year I joined.  All I know is that James Morgan who at the time was the CEO of the company; and also chairman of the board, heard my lectures in Japan, and came to me after the lecture and said, “Dr. Adizes, we are a 400 million dollars company, we aim to be a billion dollars company, can you help us?”
When was the company 400 million?  I have no recall of the time.
Dan Maydan: Just to talk about it brings back memories. J. Morgan came to me one time and told me, “Have you heard about this guy Adizes?” I said, “No.” Then I heard that you were consulting with a company in Israel. So, I went to Israel to ask about you, and then we hired you after I came back. And that was, I think, around 1984 or so, if I’m not mistaken.
Ichak Adizes: It was a 400 million dollar company then. When you left, I left with you; it was 12 billion dollars, 12 billion, right? …
Dan Maydan: No, it was between 10 to 11 billion dollars.
Ichack Adizes: Right; still a pretty big growth. The company invited me to help it grow to 1 billion and we ended up with 11 billion. I think the company who interviewed you and asked for references in Israel was Elbit. I’m interviewing Emmanuel Gill who was then the president of Elbit next week.
Dan Maydan: Oh yes. I had just spoken to him about you at that time.
Ichak Adizes: Dan, tell us what made Applied so successful, to go from 50 million dollars all the way to 11 billion dollars and become the world leader in semiconductor equipment.
Dan Maydan: Well, when we joined the company it was coming down fast. I mean, pretty fast. And that had to be reversed. So, we created a totally different environment and introduced innovation and commercialization. The company needed to continuously innovate, to come up with new products and a new methodology and organization, which could support different strategies of operation. We made sure that every two years or so we would introduce a new product. Every four years we would come up with a new market segment. So, we kept growing continuously for over 20 years on an average of somewhere between 20 to 25 percent a year.
Ichak Adizes: It was really innovation that was at the heart of the rise, the entrepreneurship, the (E) component, (the audience that is listening here knows about PAEI, so you’re welcome to use the PAEI code in your answers) But I think that it was not just individualized (E). Tell me if you agree with me or not. You are very much an (E) person and, there is no question you provided a lot of entrepreneurial ideas and leadership to the company but you also brought with you a capability that you had, which was to imprint this entrepreneurship in the whole company. (E) was not dependent only on you.
Dan Maydan: You are absolutely correct. As you say, your methodology of PAEI, and “E” always on top of each unit was central. To get that to work it is very important for a growing company to decentralize and to get people who are able to perform better than you, so you have sufficient time to talk to employees, to talk to customers, and understand the company even better. Then you concentrate on the strategy while understanding every detail that is occurring on a daily basis.
So, the innovation and commercialization are very important concepts, but innovation by itself is certainly insufficient. And I experienced that at Bell Labs where I was for many years. You also need commercialization, if you want to be in high-tech, which we were.
So, using the organizational structure, which you helped us establish we achieved that. It was important to understand that every organization has green units as you define it.  Green, as the source of the profits, led by an (E). And to recruit people who were better than me. And if you have these kinds of people in a correct organizational structure and you rely on them, you don’t micromanage them, then the company will usually do well.
Ichak Adizes: I want to tell the audience something about Dan. I lecture all over the world and in all my lectures I mention your name, Dan, and give you credit for what I’ve learned from you. In Adizes we do not only teach but also learn from our clients. I would like to share that with our audience.
When Dan retired, I was invited to come to the retirement party, and I noticed something very, very interesting. When he retired, a lot of the people that were under him were let go, or they left because a new President who came from the outside had his own ideas about who the top management should be. And all those managers who had reported to Dan left but became CEOs of their own companies.
And here is how it happened: Here is Dan, president of the 11 billion dollars company, and whenever I would call Dan, and I would ask “Dan, can I see you?” he would say: “Sure, come in.” Now, that’s very surprising, because any other company of that size, when I call the president he would say, “Well, we can see each other next week for half an hour.” And then they would have a hell of a tough time giving me the time, their all-precious time. But Dan said, “Sure, come in.”
Well, I thought maybe because I’m his consultant he gives me preference with time. Then I realized that any vice president, if they called him, he would say, “Come in.”
Where does a president of an 11 billion dollars company have time? How can it be? So, I asked him, “Can I look at your calendar?” I looked at the calendar. Most of it was empty. A meeting here and a meeting there, but most of it empty. How does he do that?
And Dan, at the retirement party told me where he learned how to do it: at Bell Lab. Your first boss at Bell Lab taught you this. It was very interesting how you made a science out of it.
When somebody would come to Dan, the president, with a problem, and would say, “Dan, here is my problem, what should I do?” Dan would get upset. He would say:”You are a manager. You are an executive. You should have a solution. Don’t just give me the problem. What’s your solution?” If the guy didn’t have a solution, Dan would send him out and say, “Come back with a solution.” When the guy came with a solution, if Dan did not like it, Dan would NOT tell him what to do. Rather he would ask:” Did you think about this or that? Go back and redo your solution.”
He constantly put all the work on his subordinates. They had to think it through until they came up with a solution he could accept. And then he would say, “Very good solution. Go ahead and do it.”
Now that is totally different from what executives usually do. Executives often get it wrong. A person comes with a problem, the executive gives the solution, and then the executive spends a lot of time supervising that the solution is just the way he wants it to be done. They work very hard.
In the case of Dan, he makes his subordinates work very hard. They have to come up with a solution that he can accept. And he always tells them what’s missing so that they can redo the solution. As a result, all his subordinates developed qualities that make for an excellent CEO. And not surprisingly, they all became CEO’s of their own companies.
And he himself had a lot of time available on his hands because he did not have to solve problems. They did and since he approved their decisions they felt obliged and committed to do the best they can do and needed much less supervision. Perfect time management…..
So Dan, how did you learn to do this? How did you learn to make the people come up with the solutions, rather than you providing it? How did you control your ego not to aim to be smarter than anybody else?
Dan Maydan: I don’t know how I controlled my ego, but I think a lot it came from the culture at Bell Telephone Laboratories, which was the center of innovation and created the wealth of the, I would say, of the 20th century. Not just in the United States but worldwide.
If you get bright people, you want to challenge them, and unless you challenge them, they will not be able to produce. And you don’t want them to just follow your orders. You have to manage the environment that they themself are part of. They are the creators of new things so they need to be supervised in a fashion that just suggests to them whether they are going in the right or the wrong direction.
So, this is methodology is all very natural, and I adopted it. Many of the people reported doing the same thing. So, we never micromanaged. We challenged employees continuously, not just vice presidents, but all levels.
I didn’t allow reviews that were technical (except financial). I didn’t allow people to come with, written out explanations, because I wanted to know exactly their thinking. I let them talk freely and openly, and then there was a discussion.
And, at the end, many times I had to make a decision one way or another. But it was the thought of the people around us that we wanted to hear.  I wanted them to offer suggestions, which the individual responsible either accepted or rejected.  And that really creates a totally different kind of environment.
We did it within the company and we also did it with the customer. Because, after all, what you sell to a customer is the dream which you need to deliver two or three years later. Because what you develop today will only be used by the customers two to four years from now, and therefore while listening to his needs you need to understand what he’ll really need two years from now, and you try to sell him that particular kind of a dream.
But you always need to deliver. And that kind of message needs to penetrate every single employee in the company, from the technical to the financial, operations, and sales organization and in fact at all levels, from top managers to the lowest-level employee. We all understood the charter and what our job was in the company.
Ichak Adizes: I would really like here to emphasize what Dan has just said. And that is, I call it, the terrorism of the PowerPoint. Companies are really becoming addicted to PowerPoint presentations. Meetings, lights are low, and then the Power Point presentations go one after the other. Very few people are watching. Some people are looking at their iPads or iPhones or BlackBerries. There is no discussion. One question here, one question there. Boring. No thinking. No discussion. Presentation is over. Meeting is over. Nothing happened.
Dan would never allow that to happen. Let me describe to you a meeting that Dan handled. At the beginning I was really surprised, because at the meeting—executive committee—here is Dan Maydan whom we are interviewing right now, he is the president of the 11 billion dollars company. An executive committee meeting is taking place that he chairs. I was a consultant and watching. And Dan is kind of sitting very quietly. Here he is the chairman, he is the president of the company, but doesn’t say a word. A discussion is taking place. Still doesn’t say a word. I started to wonder, is he tired of the job or what? Why is he so quiet? He doesn’t say a word.
Then I realized what he was doing: As long as the discussion is going in the right direction, he does not “push the river.”  He lets everyone discuss. And he will always encourage discussion and exchange. If the group is starting to go in the wrong direction for some reason, he will jump in and say, “Hey guys, have you looked at this, have you looked at that?” And let them continue the discussion.
He was creating a learning environment, an exchange of ideas and learning, rather than a presentation where people are glued to the screen and just ask a question here and a there.
I really want to applaud you Dan for establishing an incredible culture at Applied Materials that enabled the company to grow from 50 million dollars and going down, and reverse its direction to 11 billion and going up.
And then you retired. I want to ask you a question which was interesting to me how you managed that. When you retired the Board hired somebody who was with a production orientation which means they brought in a (P) while the company needed to hire somebody from a high-tech company. He kicked all the E’s out and put all the PA’s in, and the company went from 11 billion to I don’t know how far down, an incredible number down.
And I was watching you. You built that company. You gave your heart, and soul, and brain for 20 years, to build it from 50 million to 11 billion.  And now the company was going down. Other people would have collapsed. Given up. What happened? What went through your mind after you retired and watched the company going down? What went through your mind?
Dan Maydan: Of course it was saddening, because I saw very quickly that many of the top employees were leaving the company. People with capabilities were disappearing. It became more or less an empty shell. Only kept going by momentum and giving an opportunity to competitors, not just in the United States but elsewhere, to penetrate the market to which we were the leader. Of course, inertia kept the company going for some time. However, it didn’t stay the top-technology company. They lost the number one position in the industry to become number two. It’s still number two. It’s not what it used to be which is very sad.  But you know, life moves on and I’m sure that they are now in the process of recovery. And, hopefully they’ll come back to a leadership position.
Ichak Adizes: Doesn’t it hurt you Dan … I would expect somebody else would bitch and moan and complain, and really feel very depressed that they’re destroying the Taj Mahal that you built. You took it in stride and you simply say: life goes on. How could you do that? Where did you get the strength to continue and just to kind of separate, to let go of your dream, let go of whatever you built? How did you do that? Other executives, especially founders of companies do not usually act so casually when somebody new comes in and starts destroying their creation. They often wind up with a heart attack, they get cancer, and they die.  You didn’t fall into the trap. How come? What really made you not fall into the trap?
Dan Maydan: Well, I have a good friend, a Japanese man who told me, “Don’t look at it as retirement, look at it as a second harvest.” I really started my second harvest, when I began involving myself with many new companies. I’m involved with about eight different companies. One was already sold. One became public. And it is a great challenge. And in addition I’m involved with some non–profits, like the Technion, which I’m a graduate of. And that keeps me very busy and challenged.
On top of all that, it is a great pleasure for me to see all my associates becoming CEOs or very successful employees and executives, of other companies. I continuously meet them. At least 50 percent of my time, which is about three or four days a week, I have lunch or dinner with previous employees. And we talk, not necessarily about the past, but we talk about the present and the future, of what should be done, how can or should we do it. So I’m continuously challenged, and I feel very happy and satisfied about all that. I feel extremely satisfied that many previous employees, and it’s not just executives, it goes down to the direction of managers (I knew almost everybody at the company) when they start new careers they usually call me and we meet and discuss their new role. And if they listen to me, it makes me feel very satisfied and happy. So, life … You know, we only have one life, and life must go on.
Ichak Adizes: This is a help. Dan you seem to look at everything as if today is the first day of the rest of your life. So, you look at the present tense as a beginning of the future, rather than a continuation of the past. That gives you the capability to turn around and be with your face to the sun and move on, and look at the new challenges and lead a productive life, rather than lament the problems that happened in the past and mourn that what you built is being destroyed.
Dan, another question to you. I was very impressed with your acumen in identifying talent. What did you look for in people when you were bringing them to top positions? You promoted a lot of people from below to the top.
Dan Maydan: You know; we gave opportunities at Applied Materials to people based on their talent, not on their origins. That’s why we had people from many different countries. The only thing which I didn’t allow them was to speak their own language when they were at work. They all had to speak English so that everybody else could understand them. We had people from China, from Japan, from England, from Korea, from you name it, Spain, Brazil, any country that you could imagine; we had people working for us based only on their talent. That again, I learned at Bell Labs: Always take the best people you can find. And don’t ever hesitate to take people who are better than you. Just give them the opportunities to excel.
Ichak Adizes: How did you find good people? What does it mean when you say “good people?” How did you identify talent? When you were looking at a particular person, what were you looking for? What impressed you?
Dan Maydan: Well, that’s a very good question. And it’s very difficult to describe. First of all, if I look for a technical person, I am trying to find someone with a technical background. When it is human resources or finance or whatever, at least give them the opportunities to have experience in this area. Looking for technical people I took about 100 or more of the top students from the top 10 universities. We kept them at the expense of the corporation for six months. They went from one department, or from one division, to another, including manufacturing. And then the various divisions bid on them, and they, these people were very successful.
If a guy, for example, came and told us in an interview, after asking him the question: “What would you like to be five years from now or where would you like to be?”  If the guy told us, “Oh, I want to be in your position,” then he lost it. We’ll never take him. But if the guy said, “I want to be able to contribute to the best of my ability, and create new things or create better things for the company,” and if the background was proper, if he had a good grade and showed promise, a future, he is a guy we hired. So, we were very careful in hiring people based on their talent, not necessarily on their aspiration to become top general managers.
Ichak Adizes: Dan, apropos hiring talent, what was it that made you hire Adizes, when you interviewed Emmanuel Gill, why did you decide to hire Adizes? What triggered you, or what made you interested?
Dan Maydan: Well, if you recall, you came and gave a presentation, and I thought it was very, very impressive. I mean, the concept of PAEI, that you need all four of the roles  and E is most important in high tech, and you covered the concept of corporate lifecycle, the concept of green that everything must lead like river into green (profit center) at the end…..Those were very unusual concepts which I felt were very important.
I felt the company was growing. We were, as you say, a 400 million dollar company. We were growing very, very fast. And we didn’t have any experience in how to run a company. Even though Morgan started to hire good people, who had expertise—like Jerry Taylor at that time in finance, and Jim Bagley in operation—we still needed to create a culture that will enable us to grow to be a much larger corporation. My dream was to reach 20 or even 30 billion dollars in revenues, which I believe we could have done.
We needed to organize the whole thing together. After all, people make the organization, and the organization gives the opportunity to people. We needed to give these people this opportunity, and I felt that you were the right guy to create, or help us create, this kind of organization which will give us all both the opportunity and the capability to reach our dream.
Ichak Adizes: Is there any specific event that you think contributed something really important to know about or it was really more of a total flow?
Dan Maydan:  It was really a total flow, because I felt the company was limited unless we did something, and Morgan felt the same. And we really needed help, to build a strong organization and thank you for providing it.
Ichak Adizes: I would like to tell the audience what I really did with Dan and Dan’s leadership. We actually restructured the company practically every two years, or something like that. As the company was growing, it needed continuous restructuring. A division that was 50 million in revenues became a billion dollars division.  It’s like cells. When they grow big they have to split and start all over again.
Dan was never afraid to re-look at the structure, and then realign the structure, and change the structure as the company was growing … I look at organization structure like they are pants of a little baby. When a child puts the pants on the first time, they look oversize, but then after one year they become like underwear. You continuously have to restructure the company, which is growing very fast, or the structure will stymie organizational growth. And Dan always allowed restructuring, encouraged it.  There was no fear in the company about restructuring, and restructuring, and restructuring so that the company could grow and not get stymied.
Dan Maydan: Let me comment on that. You said one very important thing. You see, everything, if it’s alive, must change. The only thing which doesn’t change is in the graveyard, or everything that is dead.  So we were all open to change. And the change which we created, you explained very carefully to us, and I think that was a major issue, is what kind of organization we should have? Decentralized or a centralized organization? And we all felt, due to your guidance, decentralized would give us a much better opportunity to grow. We didn’t even worry about two divisions competing with each other, not on the same product, but on products aimed for the same market.
So, we allowed this kind of competition, and every division was responsible for its own profit and loss. They were autonomous and I think we had about seven of these divisions. And we were entirely open to this kind of structure, and I have recommended to every growing company to do the same because this is a very effective, and in my view even essential way for growth.
Ichak Adizes: I would like to emphasize something, and thank you, Dan for pointing this out to me because you remind me of one of the principles of the Adizes Methodology. Usually, companies start with centralization, and only if there is a need and pressure they will decentralize. I start with decentralization, and only if there is a need and pressure, I will centralize something. So, it is the starting point which is important. Start with decentralization, and only if and where needed, centralize.
Dan Maydan: One more thing.  We never hesitated taking some experienced people and some bright, even new people, to create something which was like a startup. And we gave them incentives which made them quite rich if they became successful, including a portion of the market success (which was capped of course), but gave them the opportunity to shine and demonstrate their capability to start something like a startup.
Ichak Adizes: Right. All these nurseries….
Dan Maydan: It was more than a nursery, because it included the business. Nursery is just the development, and we let them grow and become independent divisions.
Ichak Adizes: Right. Right.
Dan, did you ever fail, and if you did, what was it and why?
Dan Maydan: I like to force people to look in one direction, and each individual can only work on one project at a time. Because, succeeding is like a war: Either you live or you die. So, you don’t have several opportunities, you have only one opportunity and need to go in one direction.
However, going in one direction, sometimes you have to change it. Sometimes, you try sequentially and you find out that you are you heading into a dead end, and at that point you must make a very, very quick correction to divert  and start either from a new beginning or, based on the knowledge you had from before, continue. And then, at the end, if a good product comes out of it, you are successful, regardless of the difficulties of on the way to success.
Ichak Adizes: So, what you are really saying is, there is no such thing as failure, because failure can be a learning experience for you to take corrected action and eventually succeed. So, there is no such thing as failure.
Dan Maydan: And that depends on management more than anybody. If they get some budget and then they find out that you didn’t perform they should take everything away from you. Of course that has to be done from time to time, but many times, if you recognize the capabilities and you recognize that there is still light at the end of this tunnel, it’s up to top management to continue and instead of punishing, reward those individuals when they reach the light at the end of this tunnel and make it a success.
Ichak Adizes: I would like to tell the audience about an experience that I had with another client, which I think pinpoints this principle you are talking about.
I was having dinner with him, and he got a telephone call and went to the phone. When he came back his face was a little bit long, so I asked him, “Alan, what happened?” And he said, “Oh, I just learned I lost 20 million dollars.” And I asked him, “How does it feel to lose 20 million dollars?” And he told me something which I always repeat in my lectures, and it really highlights what Dan is talking about.
Alan said, “Ichak, I look at it this way: I’m just thinking, I’m a very lucky man.” I said, “What do mean lucky man? You lost 20 million dollars?” He says, “Well, I’m lucky because I know very few people can afford to take a course in life whose tuition is 20 million dollars. I could afford the 20 million dollars tuition and that is very, very unusual, so I’m lucky. Now the question is: did I pass the exam?  Did I pass the exam or did I fail the exam of this course? Did I learn anything from this course, so that I can be better in the future? I just wasted 20 million dollars tuition for a course I have taken if didn’t learn anything.”
Look at a failure as an opportunity for learning. What can you learn from it? What did God want you to learn from it so you can do better in the future and eventually actually succeed? If you learned it was not a failure. It was a “class” you took.
Dan, another question. I know that one of the things that people were struggling with at Applied Materials is—we were working together and I was your advisor— and many, many companies have this problem all over the world, and it is: Applied Materials was a multinational company that had markets in China, and in the Far East, in Japan, in Germany, and Europe, United States, and we needed to structure the organization to be globally product oriented, so it was global-thinking, but local-acting. And we always had to balance: If everything is structured around global-thinking and it’s too centralized, then we defocus the local market. But if we pay attention to the local market and ignore the central thinking, then the danger is that we lose control. What is the right balance between headquarters and markets? Can you recall how we solved it?
Dan Maydan: One important criterion is that for each region you have to maintain and do the business based on the culture of the local region. And that is what we did. We always put local people in as the general manager and employees of a particular region, and yet they worked for the global company. Yet, certain activities must be controlled, centralized. For example, the financial organization was common to all of them, even though it was distributed geographically. We had a controller, or financial person in Japan, or in China, or in Europe. The CFO’s job was to travel from one place to another and assure that all of these organizations conform to the laws as prescribed in the United States without violating, of course, any law in the other regions.  We had meeting of all these regions on a monthly basis, where we all met together and decided on the distribution of responsibilities and the direction we wanted to go. Of course, some regions were a lot more difficult to manage, some were easier. But we always made sure that we took the best advantage of each local country because after all they have a different culture, they served different kinds of people, and there are things for sure which they know better than us at headquarters.
Ichak Adizes: Dan, what would you recommend to a manager who is looking for advice? What would be the Ten Commandments you would tell him or her? What should he or she watch for? What would be the bottom line?
Dan Maydan: Well, you know the business is like a reverse pyramid. The bottom is the product. Without the product there is no company. However, the product by itself is not the whole thing. It’s not more than 30 percent. So, you really need to assure that there is innovation all across the board, in operations, in finance, in sales, in marketing, every place. Second thing, you need to remember that you must have satisfied employees, satisfied customers, and you need to think very carefully because there is more than one formula how to satisfy these stakeholders. And watch and give your organization the opportunities to succeed, because your job is basically just to orchestrate and assure that the strategy’s the proper one, and implementation is done by people that are better than you. And never hesitate to give the responsibilities to all those individuals who have a lot of capabilities. One plus one will then be equal to four rather than two.
Ichak Adizes: Dan, could you repeat this: “hire people that are better than you.” Many managers are scared to hire people that are superior, because they are afraid that they are going to be pushed out, that those people are going to make them look stupid, that they are going to make them look bad, so they don’t want people who are better or smarter working under them.
Dan Maydan: Most managers you find are trying to build an organization based on their own image. And when you do that you narrow yourself to a very large extent. You really need to build a diverse type of organization. You need to bring in people who are very different from you. You need to bring people who, you at least believe, are better than you, and rather than be afraid of them, to understand that we all contribute to the same goal and purpose: to make the company stronger and better. If you create this kind of an environment you will find that you create satisfied people, satisfied employees, and satisfied suppliers. You need to listen to your customer, but you need to know yourself what the customer will need a few years from now. All those kind of things you can not do if you try to build the company based on your image alone. It has to be very broad-thinking type of organization.
Ichak Adizes: Well, Dan, one more question because we are coming to an end. But I will appreciate, if it doesn’t apply, just tell me it doesn’t apply, that’s fine. You had a … very, very, what I call incredible relationship with your late wife, who died young, and a family which is unbelievable, I mean, an integrated, supporting, loving, and integrated family. You succeeded, in spite of the incredible growth of the company which brings with it a lot of stress. Company growing at 30 percent a year, from 50 million to 11 billion dollars, is very stressful. It is growing very fast, a lot of people being hired.  You nevertheless succeeded in maintaining an incredible relationship and balance with your family life. How did you do that?
Dan Maydan: Well maybe because I was very fortunate, or maybe because I also strongly believe in it, you should have a very, very good family life. It is an essential condition to succeed in your job. And indeed in my case it was certainly the case. My wife was a Ph.D; she worked, too, she also taught at college. But she always knew that the family was number-one.  I kept telling employees all along, in every speech, almost every speech I gave, I said, “When you start thinking about projects, think first about your family. And if you are relaxed, and you know that you get this kind of support, a lot of the tension that you mentioned will just disappear, or you will look at it totally differently. And I think that, for me, and even today its 12 years now since my wife died, and I miss her a lot, I see the results of what it means to have a good family. And if I look back at Applied and other activities in my life, I know that I could never, never possibly do it without having my wife and my children next to me.
 
Ichak Adizes: Dan, I really appreciate it, and for a closure I would appreciate it if you give a testimonial: Why should companies hire Adizes? Is there anything you will like to tell them so that we can close this conversation on that note?
Dan Maydan: I think that it’s, and it’s not just my opinion, it’s an opinion of other people you work for that I know, or people whom I send you to, that your contribution, Adizes contribution to our organization was so important, was so essential, that we probably could not have done what did, the way we did, unless Adizes was next to us, guiding us in every single step, which mostly had to do with organizational understanding the lifecycle of the corporation, and from that reaching the conclusion of what we should do next  for the future.
Ichak Adizes: Dan, I thank you very, very, very much.  Thank you, for this interview.
Dan Maydan: O.K., thank you.
 
Sincerely
Dr. Ichak Kalderon Adizes
+9-3    




            14 comments for “Interview of Dan Maydan”        
 
 Cancel Reply 


 



Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser.
 








			Uzia Galil says: 


21.12.2013 AT 3:49 



I read carefully and I liked the interview.
It is a good opprtunity to comment how much I appreciate both Dan Meidan and Dr.Ichak Adizes.
In my continous activity,both in Inadustry and Academia and in my vision of the future you both are a great example.
Uzia Galil







			Carlos Valdesuso says: 


21.12.2013 AT 6:43 



Dear Ichak,
I really enjoyed re-reading this interview with Dan. 
Within such a rich dialogue, what I liked more was the part where he recommends not to solve subordinate’s problems, but rather guide and coach them to find the solutions by themselves.
That is, instead of feeding one’s ego, to have the wisdom of developing our subordinates.
Abrazos, Carlos







 Joe White says: 


21.12.2013 AT 11:36 



Perhaps a preface briefly indicating the salient points in the interview or the insertion of headlines and sub headlines might answer the question that most readers might be asking……..”why should I read all this?”







			Vinod Mahendroo says: 


21.12.2013 AT 12:06 



Excellent interview, and one of the best Adizes insights of the last 6 months. It reminds me of how great it was to work at AMAT under Dan & Jim Morgan.







			ichak says: 


23.12.2013 AT 20:05 



good point Joe
will do next time
now read it. you wont be sorry







			ichak says: 


23.12.2013 AT 20:07 



thank you uzia. you are our behavioral leadership role model yourself







			pinhede magali says: 


27.12.2013 AT 10:16 



very interesting







			JP Zambrano says: 


18.03.2014 AT 17:30 



Excellent interview! Inspirational! Thanks Ichak







 louboutin homme sneakers says: 


17.04.2014 AT 0:20 



It’s really a nice and useful piece of info. I am glad that you just shared this helpful info with us.
Please stay us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
louboutin homme sneakers







 http://tiresomekey6073.jigsy.com/entries/general/ says: 


6.10.2014 AT 6:01 



Hi! Thiss is my first visit to your blog! We are a
team of volunters and starting a new initiative iin a
community in thee same niche. Your blog provided us beneficial information to work on. You have
done a marvellous job!







 breaking news says: 


4.12.2014 AT 17:21 



It’s amazing in favor of mee to have a website, which iis beneficial in favor of
my experience. thanks admin







 chakra says: 


29.09.2015 AT 10:52 



Nos sept centres énergétiques ont également pour rôle de gouverner un groupe d’organes ainsi qu’une caractéristique physiologique et hormonale définie.







 สบู่ ผิว ขาว จริง says: 


1.06.2016 AT 19:59 



That is a great tip particularly to those fresh to the blogosphere.
Short but very accurate information… Many thanks for sharing this
one. A must read article!







 MandyGSaadat says: 


3.09.2016 AT 7:57 



You actually ensure it is seem very easy with the presentation but
I find this matter being actually something that I do
believe I might never understand. It appears too complex and extremely broad for me.
I’m looking forward for your upcoming post, I’ll try to obtain the
hang of it!







 




Subscribe 


       Get Dr. Adizes' Weekly Blog
    







 For 
    Email Newsletters
     
    you can trust
  

Blog Archives 
Managerial Insights

Personal Growth Insights

Policy Issues

Travel Reports


ServicesTools

Corporate Lifecycle
Management Style Indicator
Management Styles
The Adizes Suite


Events
Let’s connect 




Please note: The insights presented in these blogs are the personal insight of Dr. Ichak Kalderon Adizes and do not necessarily express the opinion or position of the Adizes Institute or its staff individually or as a group. 
 








 








Subscribe To Dr. Adizes Blog
Subscribe now to receive Dr. Adizes' weekly blog entry sent straight to your email!


Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
We respect your privacy. Your information is safe and will never be shared.



Don't miss out. Subscribe today.
×

×
WordPress Popup Plugin




































Dan Maydan Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 8:05 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Silicom Ventures LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Dan   Maydan Ph.D.Member of Advisory Board; Partnet at Silicom Ventures Fund, Silicom Ventures LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 11 Board Members in 11 different organizations across 12 different industries.See Board Relationships81--
Background

		Dr. Dan Maydan, Ph.D., serves as a Partner at Silicom Ventures Fund. Dr. Maydan served as the President at Applied Materials Inc., from December 1993 to April 2003, where he was responsible for all product lines and new product development at Applied Materials. He served as Consultant of Silicom Ventures LLC. Dr. Maydan served as the President Emeritus at Applied Materials Inc. since April 30, 2003. Dr. Maydan served as an Executive Vice President of Electronics for ... Imaging Inc. Dr. Maydan spearheaded the innovation and commercialization of critical processing technologies for semiconductor manufacturing. His work inducted into the Smithsonian Institution as part of its collection of breakthrough technologies, which have helped shape society and the modern world. Following the introduction of the Precision 5000 in 1987, Dr. Maydan was appointed a Group Vice President as well as the President and a General Manager of the Applied Deposition Technology division. He spent 13 years managing new technology development at Bell Laboratories. He served as the Chairman of Applied Komatsu Technology Inc., from December 1991 to October 1998. Dr. Maydan has been a Director of Electronics for Imaging, Inc. since 1996. He serves as Director of Cogenra Solar, Inc. He has been Director of Cambrios Technologies Corporation since December 2006. Dr. Maydan serves as Director of Decru, Inc. and eJoule International Ltd. He has been Director of Solyndra LLC since June 2006. In addition, he serves a Director of the San Jose Symphony. He serves as Member of Advisory Board at Silicom Ventures Fund, L.P. He serves as Advisory Board Member at China Israel Value Capital. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board of GES, Inc. He serves as a Member of the Advisory Board at Komatsu Electronics. He serves as Member of Advisory Board at Global Equipment Services Corporation. He serves as Member of Scientific Advisory Board at Berkeley Lights, Inc. He serves as a Member of the Advisory Board of Silicom Ventures LLC and Luminescent Technologies Inc. He served as a Board Observer of eASIC Corporation and served as its Director since 1992. He served as Member of the Board of Directors at digiGroups, Inc. He served as Member of the Board of Directors at Applied Ventures, LLC. He served as a Member of the Board of Directors of Applied Materials Inc. from 1992 to 2006. Dr. Maydan served as a Director of Ponte Solutions, Inc. since May 2005 and LaserCard Corp. from 1998 to September 19, 2008. He served as a Member of Advisory Board at SVTC Technologies, LLC since January 2010. Dr. Maydan served as a Director of Infinera Corporation from September 2001 to May 15, 2014. Dr. Maydan has awarded 200 plus patents. Over the years, he has received numerous awards and honors for his contributions to the global semiconductor industry. In February 2005, he was inducted into the Engineering Hall of Fame. In 1998, Dr. Maydan was recognized as an industry pioneer during the 50th anniversary celebration of the semiconductor industry. He is the recipient of the 1998 International Partnership Award from the California Israel Chamber of Commerce in recognition of his long-term commitment to building a global industry. Additionally, Dr. Maydan received the 1998 Israel Trade Award from the Israel Ministry of Industry and Trade. In the same year, he was also awarded the State of Israel Jubilee Award in recognition of his efforts to integrate Israel into the global economy and for realizing its world-class business potential. Dr. Maydan was also elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1998. In 1988, he received the SEMMY award for creating the industry standards for plasma etch. In 1994, he was honored by the Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International (SEMI) organization with their first-ever lifetime achievement award. In 1983, he was honored by Semiconductor International for his work on the development of the hexode-type RIE etcher. In March 2002, Dr. Maydan received the 2001 Torch of Liberty Award from the Anti-Defamation League. In June 2001, he received an Honorary Doctorate from the Technion, The Israel Institute of Technology, Edinburgh University and National Chiao Tung University, Hsinchu Taiwan, Republic of China. Dr. Maydan holds a Ph.D. degree in Physics from Edinburgh University in Scotland and an M.S. and a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Technion, the Israel Institute of Technology.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1456 Fowler LaneLos Altos, California 94024United StatesPhone: 650-964-2858Fax: 267-430-0992
Board Members Memberships
DirectorCogenra Solar, Inc.DirectorDecru, Inc.DirectorGlobal Equipment Services and Manufacturing Inc.DirectoreJoule International Ltd1996-PresentDirectorElectronics for Imaging, Inc.2006-PresentDirectorCambrios Technologies Corporation2006-PresentDirectorSolyndra LLC
Education
Honorary Doctorate Technion Israel Institute Of TechnologyMS Technion Israel Institute Of TechnologyBS Technion Israel Institute Of TechnologyHonorary Doctorate National Chiao Tung UniversityHonorary Doctorate The University of EdinburghPhD The University of Edinburgh
Other Affiliations
Electronics for Imaging, Inc.Applied Materials, Inc.LaserCard CorporationdigiGroups, Inc.Cogenra Solar, Inc.Decru, Inc.Infinera CorporationTechnion Israel Institute Of TechnologyNational Chiao Tung UniversityeASIC CorporationThe University of EdinburghCambrios Technologies CorporationLuminescent Technologies Inc.Ponte Solutions, Inc.China Israel Value CapitalApplied Ventures, LLCSVTC Technologies, LLCSolyndra LLCGlobal Equipment Services and Manufacturing Inc.Silicom Ventures Fund, L.P.Berkeley Lights, Inc.eJoule International Ltd


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Silicom Ventures LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Dan Maydan Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Dan Maydan Ph.D.
Board Member at Electronics for Imaging, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Dan Maydan Ph.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Dan Maydan Ph.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Electronics for Imaging, Inc.


Past
To view Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
81

 
 


Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s Biography



Dr. Maydan has served as a director of the Company since 1996. Dr. Maydan was President of Applied Materials Inc., a semiconductor manufacturing equipment company, from January 1994 to April 2003 and a member of that company's board of directors from June 1992 to October 2005. From March 1990 to January 1994, Dr. Maydan served as Applied Materials' Executive Vice President, with responsibility for all product lines and new product development. Before joining Applied Materials in September 1980, Dr. Maydan spent thirteen years managing new technology development at Bell Laboratories during which time he pioneered laser recording of data on thi ...
(Read More)

			Dr. Maydan has served as a director of the Company since 1996. Dr. Maydan was President of Applied Materials Inc., a semiconductor manufacturing equipment company, from January 1994 to April 2003 and a member of that company's board of directors from June 1992 to October 2005. From March 1990 to January 1994, Dr. Maydan served as Applied Materials' Executive Vice President, with responsibility for all product lines and new product development. Before joining Applied Materials in September 1980, Dr. Maydan spent thirteen years managing new technology development at Bell Laboratories during which time he pioneered laser recording of data on thin-metal films and made significant advances in photolithography and vapor deposition technology for semiconductor manufacturing. In 1998, Dr. Maydan was elected to the National Academy of Engineering. He currently serves on the boards of directors of privately held companies. Dr. Maydan received his B.S. and M.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering from Technion, the Israel Institute of Technology, and his Ph.D. in Physics from Edinburgh University in Scotland. Dr. Maydan's broad experience in technology, innovation, marketing and operations provides the Board of Directors with a global perspective on the issues faced by manufacturing and technology companies.
		
Source: Electronics for Imaging, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Dan Maydan Ph.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Dan Maydan Ph.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Dan Maydan Ph.D.


















Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s Connections (145)





Sign up now to view Dan Maydan Ph.D.'s 145 connections »









Thomas Georgens
Board Member, Electronics for Imaging, Inc.









Richard M. Levy
Former Chairman, Varian Medical Systems, Inc.









Reed E. Hundt
Board Member, Intel Corporation









James C. Morgan
Former Board Member, Applied Materials









Eric F. Brown
Board Member, Electronics for Imaging, Inc.









Pradeep Sindhu
Technical Advisor to the Board, Juniper Networks, Inc.









David C. Peterschmidt
Board Member, Limelight Networks, Inc.









Vincent Pilette
Chief Financial Officer, Logitech International SA









Vinod Khosla
Former Board Member, Square, Inc.









Michael O. McCarthy
Former Consultant, Infinera Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
























Applied Materials' Dan Maydan Named to Silicon Valley Engineering Hall of Fame | Applied Materials











skip to main content      Countries  China - 简体中文Taiwan - 繁體中文United States - EnglishJapan - 日本語Korea - 한국어Singapore - EnglishIndia - English   BlogCustomer PortalsSupplier Portal    News & Media      Blog Press Releases Events Multimedia Center Nanochip Fab Solutions  Applied Materials' Dan Maydan Named to Silicon Valley Engineering Hall of Fame       SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 23, 2005--Applied
Materials, Inc. (Nasdaq:AMAT) announced today that Dr. Dan Maydan,
president emeritus and member of the company's Board of Directors, has
been elected to the Silicon Valley Engineering Hall of Fame for his
outstanding professional achievements in engineering and technology
and significant contributions to the community. In a ceremony tonight,
Dr. Maydan will be among five inductees honored by the Silicon Valley
Engineering Council (SVEC). Dr. Maydan has been a leader in the innovation and
commercialization of manufacturing technology that has made a lasting
impact on the semiconductor industry and the chips used in everyday
life. His legacy at Applied Materials includes breakthrough systems
that help semiconductor manufacturers produce the world's most
advanced integrated circuits. Dr. Maydan led the development of the
Precision 5000(R), a revolutionary single-wafer processing system that
the Smithsonian Institution includes as part of its collection of
technologies that have helped shape society and the modern world. "Dan Maydan successfully created advanced technology, but more
importantly, was able to commercialize the results of scientific
discovery into quality products that customers could use in volume
production lines," said Mike Splinter, president and chief executive
officer of Applied Materials. "We congratulate Dan on this recognition
of his pivotal role in propelling the semiconductor equipment industry
to the stature it holds today." Dr. Maydan received undergraduate and master's degrees in
Electrical Engineering from Technion, the Israel Institute of
Technology, and a doctorate in Physics from Edinburgh University in
Scotland. He also received honorary doctorates from Edinburgh
University, The Technion, and National Chiao Tung University in
Taiwan. Dr. Maydan began his career at the Israeli Atomic Energy
Commission. He joined Bell Laboratories in 1967 and in 1980 joined
Applied Materials as director of technology. He holds 188 patents
related to laser application and semiconductor processing. "Dan Maydan's achievements while serving both his profession and
his community are innumerable," said Dr. Jay Pinson, Dean Emeritus,
San Jose State University and chairman of the SVEC Hall of Fame. "He
was responsible for developing a new concept of single-wafer
processing while also taking time to ensure engineering excellence by
mentoring young scientists and engineers. Dan's efforts have earned
him a well-deserved place among this distinguished group of Silicon
Valley pioneers." Founded in 1989, the Silicon Valley Engineering Council is a
non-profit educational organization whose purpose is to assist its
member engineering and technical societies in Silicon Valley. SVEC
sponsors educational activities and promotes the career development of
engineers and other technical professionals, while serving to increase
awareness of the impact of engineering and science in enhancing the
quality of life. Applied Materials, Inc., headquartered in Santa Clara, California,
(Nasdaq:AMAT) is the largest supplier of equipment and services to the
global semiconductor industry. Applied Materials' web site is
www.appliedmaterials.com.


MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:
http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=4828537



    CONTACT: Applied Materials, Inc.
             Dave Miller, 408-563-9582 (editorial/media)
             Paul Bowman, 408-563-1698 (financial community)

    SOURCE: Applied Materials, Inc.
February 23, 2005    

















Maydan Group – Your Partner in Excellence 































 









Skip to content






















Maydan Medical Supplies
Servicing The Healthcare Industry

Explore Maydan Group 





Kawar Building & Contracting
Servicing The Construction Industry

Explore Maydan Group 





Kawar Dead Sea Products
Natural Skincare

Explore Maydan Group 





Maydan Energy
Servicing The Power Generation Industry

Explore Maydan Group 




 








History of Maydan Group Maydan Group entails a diverse range of companies that serve the needs of multiple industries including construction, oil and energy, medical supplies, healthcare and cosmetics. The company has a very well established reputation in the Middle Eastern market due to its well-diversified portfolio and business operations. We act as an engaging partner for various international companies in the region, and we always welcome further national and international joint ventures.






Earlier in 1980, Maydan Group started with Kawar Building and Contracting, which is known today as Kawar Construction. After becoming well established in the construction industry, Maydan Group expanded it’s areas of expertise into the Oil & Gas industry, and established Maydan Oil Field Supplies in 1988 – today known as Maydan Energy. This expansion of Maydan Group started with embracing a very well established [Nationality] company, Helios Power, which operated side-to-side with Maydan Oil Field Supplies, both being subsidiary companies of Maydan Energy today, with the aim of providing a full range of services to cover the commercial and practical needs of foreign oil companies with concessions for oil & gas exploration in Jordan.





 


																					Structural Design																			






 


																					Design and Build																			






 


																					Scheduling and Planning																			







 


																					Bid Packaging																			






 


																					Project Management																			






 


																					Value Engineering																			






			
			Learn More		









			
			View Products		




Following the years of success that Maydan Construction and Maydan Energy have achieved, Maydan Group expanded it’s business operations into other industries, and noticed a great opportunity in the healthcare sector. In 2004, Maydan Medical Supplies was established with the aim of providing medical supplies to the healthcare industry, and it has been witnessing a substantial growth up to the present time.
Maydan Medical Supplies serves as a provider for both the private and the public sectors in Jordan and the region. The company has developed a well-trained Sales & Marketing team with scientific backgrounds that is dedicated for the Medical and Laboratory supplies retail.
The company represents a wide range of national and international medical supplies in Jordan and nearby countries. With warehouses totaling over 1000 squared meters strategic locations, the company is capable of facilitating prompt delivery of products and is highly focused on customer satisfaction.
 




 

 

 




 

 

 








			
			Go To Website		




Additionally, Maydan Group embraced a beauty and cosmetics company, KAWAR Dead Sea Products, which provides a wide range of beauty products induced with Dead Sea salts and minerals, including natural hair care products, facial and body creams, as well as Dead Sea mud and bath salts. There is a popular demand on these particular beauty products worldwide, as they have proved an excellent therapeutic effect on a number of skin diseases and complications.
KAWAR Dead Sea Products include a variety of skin care and beauty products prepared from the salts and rich minerals of the Dead Sea of Jordan. The company was founded in 1988 and now operates as a subsidiary company of Maydan Group.
In 1988, KAWAR Dead Sea Products started operations in Jordan and Czech Republic only, and then expanded its operations to cover 50 countries in Europe, North America, Africa and the Middle East. Nearly 40% of international sales are in Czech Republic and Slovakia.
The factory and packaging facilities are located in Al Salt city in Jordan, and it employs a total of 50 personnel in Sales, Marketing, Design and Manufacturing. The production line is mainly focused on facial skin care and body skin care, in addition to hair care products. The company’s product line now totals 45 items that are all FDA approved.

 


















   Dan Maydan | Applied Materials , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com






Maydan -



































































 



Skip to content


About
Submissions
Contact
 


Search for:



 










[Book Review] Muslim Cool: Race, Religion, and Hip Hop in the ...The Hanifs (Theosebes/ God-fearers) as a Common Link between Judaism, Christianity, ...Qatari Support for the Muslim Brotherhood is More Than Just Realpolitik, ...Book Display - July 2017History and Memory in the Muslim Community of Moncks CornerSummer 2017 Journal Roundup[Book Review] Muslim Cool: Race, Religion, and Hip Hop in the United States by Su’ad Abdul KhabeerBy Rasmieyh AbdelnabiMuslim Cool: Race, Religion, and Hip Hop in the United States by Su’ad Abdul Khabeer. NYU Press, 2016. 288 pages. $30. Reviewed by Rasmieyh Abdelnabi Muslim Cool: Race, Religion, and Hip Hop in the United... The Hanifs (Theosebes/ God-fearers) as a Common Link between Judaism, Christianity, and Islam in its Historical and Qur'anic ContextBy Tugrul KurtBrief Information on the Theosebes The Theosebes (God-fearers) are Jewish sympathizing pagans with beliefs and rituals of their own. They emerged between the 1st B.C and the 4.th century A.D in the Mediterranean area. The Theosebes, which... Qatari Support for the Muslim Brotherhood is More Than Just Realpolitik, it has a Long, Personal HistoryBy David H. WarrenThe diplomatic and economic embargo of Qatar, led by neighboring Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, shows no sign of letting up. To those familiar with the politics of the Gulf region, the root... Book Display - July 2017By Maydan EditorsThe following list of books includes English-language titles published in July 2017 which span a range of disciplines in the broad field of Islamic Studies. Meant to showcase current research by both established and emerging scholars,... History and Memory in the Muslim Community of Moncks CornerBy Youssef CarterEncircled around Shaykh Arona Faye in the dining hall of Masjid Muhajjirun wal-Ansar of Moncks Corner (South Carolina), a dozen or so students listened intently as he recounted a story of resistance and spiritual power... Summer 2017 Journal RoundupBy Maydan EditorsCheck out our Journal Roundups for the latest articles in Islamic studies. Seven iterations have been published and the Summer 2017 edition is now online. The Summer Edition currently has issues from twenty-one journals in... [Book Review] Muslim Cool: Race, Religion, and Hip Hop in the United States by Su’ad Abdul KhabeerThe Hanifs (Theosebes/ God-fearers) as a Common Link between Judaism, Christianity, and Islam in its Historical and Qur'anic ContextQatari Support for the Muslim Brotherhood is More Than Just Realpolitik, it has a Long, Personal HistoryBook Display - July 2017History and Memory in the Muslim Community of Moncks CornerSummer 2017 Journal Roundup


ResourcesTopicsRoundupsEventsResourcesTopicsRoundupsEventsMore Posts





[Book Review] by Jibreel Delgado- The Islamic Enlightenment: The Struggle Between Faith and Reason, 1798 to Modern TimesBy Jibreel Delgado  //  July 11, 2017July 11, 2017[Book Review] The Islamic Enlightenment: The Struggle Between Faith and Reason, 1798 to Modern Times, by Christopher de Bellaigue. Liveright, 2017. xxxiv+398 pages. $35- Reviewed by Jibreel Delgado In response to ubiquitous calls for an… 





The Divided Muslim Vote in Uttar PradeshBy Faisal Hamid  //  July 5, 2017July 5, 2017Muslims form a substantial voting bloc in Uttar Pradesh (UP), India’s most populous and influential state. Politics in the state are fiercely competitive and relatively fair. Muslims make up a fifth of the UP’s voters,… 





[Book Presentation- Bibliography of Sufism, Tariqa, and Saint Cult Studies in Japan] The Bridge of Two Easts: Sufi CultureBy Cangüzel Güner Zülfikar  //  June 27, 2017June 27, 2017Bibliography of Sufism, Tariqa, and Saint Cult Studies in Japan. Edited by Tonaga Yasushi. Kyoto: Kyoto University, Graduate School of Asian and African Area Studies, Kenan Rifai Center for Sufi Studies Series 1, 2016. Research studies… 





Positions/Grants/Scholarships in Islamic and Middle Eastern StudiesBy Maydan Editors  //  June 19, 2017July 20, 2017The Maydan is launching this new database on opportunities in Islamic and Middle Eastern studies as a common resource for both students and professionals. Included are faculty openings, post-doctoral positions, grants, and scholarships, among others. For additional… 





[Book Review] Michael Farquhar, Circuits of Faith: Migration, Education, and the Wahhabi Mission (Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2017) by Micah HughesBy Micah A. Hughes  //  June 14, 2017June 14, 2017On October 19, 2016, Mohammad Alyahya, a political analyst focusing on the Gulf region, published an opinion piece in the New York Times exhorting his readers to resist the hasty association of Wahhabism with terrorism…. 





Reassessing Japan’s Islam Policy (Kaikyō Seisaku) in China during the Early Twentieth CenturyBy Shanoaha Smith  //  June 6, 2017June 6, 2017Japan’s victory in the 1905 Russo-Japanese War prompted the cultivation of transnational ties between both Japan and the world of Islam and continued in earnest until the end of World War II. This relationship coincided… 





Call for Applications: Book Review Colloquium on Islamic and Middle Eastern Studies- October 2017By Maydan Editors  //  June 4, 2017June 26, 2017The Ali Vural Ak Center for Global Islamic Studies at George Mason University invites applications from advanced graduate students for a Book Review Colloquium on Islamic and Middle Eastern Studies to be held on October… 





Book Display – June 2017By Maydan Editors  //  June 1, 2017June 1, 2017The following list of books includes English-language titles published in June 2017 which span a range of disciplines in the broad field of Islamic Studies. Some titles published in May 2017 also are included at the… 





Transitional Justice in Tunisia: Challenges and OpportunitiesBy Sumaya Almajdoub  //  May 29, 2017May 30, 2017The Arab uprisings started in Tunisia in late 2010, and it seems to be the only place where democratization is succeeding. After president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled the country on 14 January 2011,… 


 





Media Roundup



July 10-16
A Muslim and a Jew urge the Supreme… 


July 3-9
These Are The Challenges Asian Musl… 


June 26-July 2
Peter Berger, Theologian Who Fought… 


June 19-25
When Is It ‘Terrorism’? How The Med… 



Journal Roundup




Summer 2017 Journal Roundup



Spring 2017 Journal Roundup



Book Displays




Book Display – July 2017



Book Display – June 2017






Popular Posts

Qatari Support for the Muslim Brotherhood is More Than Just Realpolitik, it has a Long, Personal History 
[Book Presentation- Bibliography of Sufism, Tariqa, and Saint Cult Studies in Japan] The Bridge of Two Easts: Sufi Culture 
[Book Review] Michael Farquhar, Circuits of Faith: Migration, Education, and the Wahhabi Mission (Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2017) by Micah Hughes 
History and Memory in the Muslim Community of Moncks Corner 



Subscribe to Our Newsletter 









Email Address*



First Name



Last Name

 
				* = required field			







































﻿






Maydan industry – Just another WordPress site
















































 

 












MENU












Home
projects
OUR SERVICES
CONTACT US
Related sites
العربية
 











 


















 




What we do?


Maydan Industries is a project developer & ultimately a holding company that aims to develop industries and convert them to profitable plants. Throughout the accumulated experience of its partners, Maydan Industries develops projects from Ideas stage to reality.


VIEW MORE 







VISION To be the leading and most valuable specialty products holding company in KSA.   


MISSION Create leading specialty industries in KSA while maximizing our values.   


 VALUES Integrity, Care, Teamwork & Accountability.   ABOUT USWhy you partner with MI ?


Reliable & trusted partner, Integrity is prime model of work we do. The projects we develop are very promising projects , & built on an established methodology and reliable studies. We have flexibility in decision making when it comes  to when to  join & at what percentage of share. MI follows state of the art methodology to develop projects , which is “stage Gate” basis.



































