   David Mazzo | AEterna Zentaris Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

David J. Mazzo B.A. (Hons), B.Sc. (Hons.), M.Sc., Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 9:50 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
David J. Mazzo B.A. (Hons), B.Sc. (Hons.), M.Sc., Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships60$1,487,772As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Dr. David J. Mazzo, also known as Dave, B.A. (Hons), B.Sc. (Hons.), M.Sc., Ph.D. has been the Chief Executive Officer of Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. (formerly Neostem, Inc.) since January 5, 2015 and also its President since March 29, 2017. Dr. Mazzo served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Chugai U.S.A., Inc. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Regado Biosciences, Inc. from August 2008 to October 10, 2014. He served as the President at Regado Biosciences, ... Inc. since August 2008. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Chugai Pharma USA LLC, the U.S. subsidiary of Chugai Pharmaceutical Ltd. of Japan, since April 2003. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of AEterna Zentaris Inc. from April 9, 2007 to April 2008. Prior to Chugai, Dr. Mazzo served in management positions in several international pharmaceutical companies, served as Senior Vice President of Global Development Operations at the Schering-Plough Research Institute and as Senior Vice President and Global Head Pharmaceutical Development at Hoechst Marion Roussel. He is a Pharmaceutical Executive and Strategic Leader with broad technical and managerial experience gained from working in a variety of multicultural and multilingual environments in the USA, Canada, Europe and Asia. He has spent more than 25 years in the pharmaceutical industry and is recognized for his leadership and strong strategic, scientific and regulatory expertise. He has broad experience working in a variety of multi-cultural environments in the USA, Europe and Asia where he amassed a track record of successful global product development, registration and launch. He has occupied positions of increasing responsibility with Merck, Baxter, Rhone-Poulenc Rorer, Hoechst Marion Roussel and Schering-Plough, where he was involved with the launch of Clarinex (TM), Nasonex(TM), Asmanex Twisthaler(TM), PEG-Intron(TM), PEG-Intron Redipen(TM) and Zetia(TM). Through his multiple assignments and many accomplishments, he has acquired a thorough understanding of the drug development process from Discovery to Manufacturing and Launch. In his previous position as the Senior Vice President of Development Operations for the Schering-Plough Research Institute, he led an organization of approximately 1,100 employees spanning three countries. Dr. Mazzo has been the Non-Executive Chairman of Psivida Corp. since January 24, 2007. He serves as the Non-Executive Chairman of Psivida US, Inc. He has been a Director of Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. since January 5, 2015. He has been a Non-Executive Director of Psivida Ltd. of Perth, Australia. since July 25, 2005. He has been a Non-Executive Director of Psivida Corp. since July 25, 2005. He served as a Director of Regado Biosciences, Inc. from August 2008 to October 10, 2014. He served as a Director of AEterna Zentaris Inc. from August 14, 2007 to April 2008. He served as a Director of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from July 25, 2005 to January 13, 2015. Dr. Mazzo holds Bachelor of Arts degree in the Honors Program (Interdisciplinary Humanities) and a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry from Villanova University. In addition, Dr. Mazzo received his Master of Science degree in Chemistry and his Ph.D. Degree in Analytical Chemistry from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. He was also a research fellow at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Switzerland.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
106 Allen RoadBasking Ridge, New Jersey 07920United StatesPhone: 908-842-0100Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Non-Executive ChairmanpSivida US, Inc.2005-PresentNon-Executive ChairmanpSivida Corp.2015-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCaladrius Biosciences, Inc.
Education
MS University Of MassachusettsPhD University Of MassachusettsBA Villanova UniversityBS Villanova University
Other Affiliations
Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Aeterna Zentaris Inc.pSivida US, Inc.University Of MassachusettsVillanova UniversityChugai U.S.A., Inc.pSivida Corp.Regado Biosciences, Inc.Chugai Pharma USA, LLC


Annual Compensation
Salary$559,533Bonus$480,583Total Annual Compensation$1,040,116
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$133,192All Other Compensation$26,873Exercisable Options$89,357Unexercisable Options$36,562Total Number of Options$125,919
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,066,989Total Short Term Compensation$1,040,116Other Long Term Compensation$160,065Total Calculated Compensation$1,487,772




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationXiaochun  Xu Chairman of Board and Interim Chief Executive OfficerCesca Therapeutics Inc.--Marc H. Hedrick M.D.Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorCytori Therapeutics, Inc.$450.0KMichael  Tomas Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and DirectorU.S. Stem Cell, Inc.$1.2MAndrey  Semechkin Ph.D.Co-Chairman & Chief Executive Officer International Stem Cell Corporation$143.1KMark R. Weinreb M.S.Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentBioRestorative Therapies, Inc.$496.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year --.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Caladrius Biosciences, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































NeoStem Strengthens Executive Management With Appointments of David J. Mazzo, PhD as Chief Executive Officer and Robert S. Vaters as President and Chief Financial Officer and Elects Robin Smith, MD to Executive Chair of the Board | Caladrius


























































































 























NeoStem Strengthens Executive Management With Appointments of David J. Mazzo, PhD as Chief Executive Officer and Robert S. Vaters as President and Chief Financial Officer and Elects Robin Smith, MD to Executive Chair of the Board











0

NeoStem Strengthens Executive Management With Appointments of David J. Mazzo, PhD as Chief Executive Officer and Robert S. Vaters as President and Chief Financial Officer and Elects Robin Smith, MD to Executive Chair of the Board


January 5, 2015    				   	












January 5, 2015 – NeoStem, Inc. (Nasdaq:NBS), a leader in the development and manufacturing of cell therapy products and regenerative medicine, today announced the appointments of David J. Mazzo, PhD as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Robert S. Vaters as President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Both Dr. Mazzo and Mr. Vaters will also serve as directors of the corporation. Simultaneously, Robin Smith, MD has been elevated to the position of Executive Chair of the Board of Directors.
“We are committed to increasing shareholder value and believe these management changes will drive an evolution of our corporate strategy and be the first step in the next phase of the Company’s growth,” said Dr. Smith, Executive Chair of the Board. “The complementary leadership and technical skills of Dr. Mazzo and Mr. Vaters are expected to accelerate our clinical programs towards commercialization, enhance business development efforts, secure a global manufacturing footprint and provide commercial capacity for our clients with  world class quality and reliability. These efforts, as part of a continued focus on pursuing broader strategic opportunities for our late-stage platform technologies, are expected to increase the franchise value of our pipeline.”
Dr. Mazzo brings to NeoStem over 30 years of international experience in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry. Most recently, as CEO of Regado Biosciences, he created and led the smallest team ever to successfully design and execute a cardiovascular mega-trial. Prior to Regado, Dr. Mazzo was Chief Executive Officer of Aeterna Zentaris, a multi-national biopharmaceutical company focused on development of therapies in oncology and endocrinology indications. Previously, he had served as President and CEO of Chugai Pharma USA, LLC, the U.S. subsidiary of Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. of Japan and a member of the Roche Group following his tenure at Schering-Plough as the Senior Vice-President of Development Operations and  a member of the Board of Directors of Essex Chemie, AG. Dr. Mazzo held positions of increasing responsibility with Merck & Co., Baxter Healthcare Corporation, Rhone-Poulenc Rorer and Hoechst Marion Roussel before joining Schering-Plough. Dr. Mazzo currently is Non-Executive Chairman of pSivida, Inc. and a Director of Avanir Pharmaceuticals.
“I believe that NeoStem’s product platform, that includes a late-stage clinical pipeline, presents compelling opportunities for the development of therapies for ischemic repair, cancer and autoimmune disorders,” said Dr. Mazzo.  “I am extremely excited to join the company at this critical time and look forward to reporting our accomplishments in the future as we achieve our strategic goals.”
Robert S. Vaters comes to NeoStem from Carob Investments, a strategic, acquisition and investor consulting firm, where he was a managing partner. From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Vaters was President, CEO, and director for Orthofix International NV, having served as its Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Operating Officer from 2008 to 2010. He was the Founder/General Partner of Med-Opportunity Partners LLC where from 2006 to 2008 he identified, negotiated, and closed on middle market healthcare buyouts and growth equity investments, specializing in pharmaceutical, medical device, biologic, medical technology and specialty health care service industries. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development for Inamed Corporation, a global healthcare company.
“After 25 years of financial, corporate strategy, investment, deal making and capital-raising experience, I look forward to contributing to NeoStem’s value with the goal of setting an industry standard for financial performance and elevating the Company to the next plateau of growth while attracting a greater institutional investor base,” stated Mr. Vaters.
About NeoStem, Inc.
NeoStem is a biopharmaceutical company pursuing the preservation and enhancement of human health globally through the development of cell based therapeutics that prevent, treat or cure disease by repairing and replacing damaged or aged tissue, cells and organs and restoring their normal function. The combination of a rich therapeutics pipeline and externally recognized in-house manufacturing expertise has created an organization with unique capabilities for cost effective and accelerated product development. www.neostem.com
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current expectations, as of the date of this press release, and involve certain risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include statements herein with respect to the successful execution of the Company’s business strategy, the Company’s ability to develop and grow its business, the successful development of cellular therapies with respect to the Company’s research and development and clinical evaluation efforts in connection with the Company’s Targeted Immunotherapy Program, Ischemic Repair Program, Immune Modulation Program and other cell therapies, the future of the regenerative medicine industry, including whether a large commercial market ever develops and whether our clients receive necessary regulatory approval to market their products, and the role of stem cells and cellular therapy in that industry, and the performance and planned expansion of the Company’s contract development and manufacturing business. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Factors that could cause future results to materially differ from the recent results or those projected in forward-looking statements include the “Risk Factors” described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 13, 2014, the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 8, 2014 and in the Company’s other periodic filings with the SEC. The Company’s further development is highly dependent on future medical and research developments and market acceptance, which is outside of its control.
 















 


































Management Team | Caladrius
























































































 























Management Team












David J. Mazzo, PhD
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director


BioDavid J. Mazzo was appointed as Caladrius' Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board on January 5, 2015. In addition, Dr. Mazzo was appointed as President of the Company in March 2017. Dr. Mazzo brings to the Company over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining Caladrius, Dr. Mazzo served from August 2008 to October 2014 as Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors of Regado Biosciences, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel antithrombotic drug systems for acute and sub-acute cardiovascular indications. Prior to his leading Regado, from March 2007 to April 2008, Dr. Mazzo was President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Æterna Zentaris, Inc., a publicly held international biopharmaceutical company. From 2003 until 2007, Dr. Mazzo served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Chugai Pharma USA, LLC, a biopharmaceutical company which was the U.S. subsidiary of Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. of Japan. Dr. Mazzo has also held senior management and executive positions in research and development and was a director of the Essex Chimie European subsidiary at Schering-Plough Corporation, a publicly held pharmaceutical company that was subsequently acquired by Merck & Co., Inc.; Hoechst Marion Roussel, Inc., the US subsidiary of Hoechst AG, which was subsequently acquired by Sanofi, a multinational pharmaceuticals company; and Rhone-Poulenc Rorer, Inc., a subsidiary of Rhone-Poulene SA, a French pharmaceuticals company, which was subsequently acquired by Hoechst AG. He also previously served on the Board of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company which was sold to Otsuka Holdings in 2015. He currently serves on the board of directors of pSivida Corp., a publicly held biopharmaceutical company, in the role of non-executive chairman. 

Dr. Mazzo earned a BA in the Honors Program (interdisciplinary humanities) and a BS in chemistry from Villanova University. In addition, Dr. Mazzo received his MS in chemistry and his PhD degree in analytical chemistry from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. He was also a research fellow at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Switzerland.





Joseph Talamo
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


BioJoseph Talamo was promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in October 2015 from his previous role when he joined Caladrius in 2011 as the Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. He is a versatile finance executive with leadership experience in publicly-traded development and commercial-stage companies, along with a strong background in SEC compliance. He has led companywide forecasting, planning and analysis activities, including for M&A, and has had extensive experience with integrating transactions and raising capital. At Caladrius, Mr. Talamo has been responsible for numerous financial functions including SEC reporting, forecasting, planning and analysis, cash management and accounting.

Prior to joining Caladrius, from 1996 to 2010, Mr. Talamo held various senior positions at OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“OSI”), a publicly-traded biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing products for the treatment of cancer, diabetes and obesity, and most recently served as its Vice President and Corporate Controller from 2006 to 2010 and its Corporate Controller from 2002 to 2006. While at OSI, Mr. Talamo helped build the accounting and finance infrastructure to support the clinical development and commercial launch of Tarceva®, OSI's targeted therapy approved for the treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer and pancreatic cancer. Prior to OSI, Mr. Talamo worked at Bristol-Myers Squibb from 1995 to 1996 in the Financial Reporting and Consolidations Group, and at KPMG from 1993 to 1995 in the Health Care and Life Sciences Audit Group. Mr. Talamo has served as Treasurer of the Stem For Life Foundation, a public charity dedicated to raising awareness about adult stem cells and their therapeutic promise, since 2012. Mr. Talamo also served as Treasurer of the OSI Pharmaceuticals Foundation from 2008 to 2010. 

Mr. Talamo received a BBA in accounting from Hofstra University in 1991, and an MBA in finance from Hofstra University in 1999. Mr. Talamo is a certified public accountant in the State of New York.





Douglas W. Losordo, MD, FACC, FAHA
Senior Vice President, Clinical, Medical and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Medical Officer


Bio	Dr. Losordo was appointed Chief Medical Officer of the Company effective August 5, 2013. Dr. Losordo served from 2006 to 2013 as a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Caladrius.  Prior to his appointment as the Company’s Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Losordo served as Vice President, New Therapies Development, Regenerative Medicine and Baxter Ventures at Baxter International from October 2011 through February 2013.  He is an adjunct professor of medicine at Northwestern University in Chicago, Illinois. From 2006 through 2011, Dr. Losordo was the director of the Feinberg Cardiovascular Research Institute and the Eileen M. Foell Professor of Heart Research at Northwestern University’s School of Medicine and director of the Program in Cardiovascular Regenerative Medicine at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. From 2004 through 2006, he was a Professor of Medicine at Tufts University School of Medicine and Chief of Cardiovascular Research at St. Elizabeth’s Medical Center in Boston.  He is board-certified in internal medicine, cardiovascular disease, and interventional cardiology. Dr. Losordo’s major research interests encompass angiogenesis/vasculogenesis, progenitor/adult stem cells, tissue repair/regeneration, and vascular biology. He received his M.D. from the University of Vermont.

Dr. Losordo has engaged in career-long efforts to develop novel therapeutics and as a scientist he obtained over $35 million in National Institutes of Health funding, for discovering and developing new therapeutic concepts in the laboratory, providing the basis for clinical studies. He has led first in human studies in multiple gene and adult stem cell therapies in patients with cardiovascular diseases, including therapies now in Phase 3 testing. He is a highly sought after speaker, having given over 200 international lectures. He has served as an associate editor of Circulation Research, the basic science journal of the American Heart Association and serves on the editorial boards of a number of scientific journals. Since 2012, he has served on the Scientific Advisory Board of The Stem For Life Foundation, a public charity devoted to accelerating development of cell therapies.





Todd Girolamo, JD
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary


BioTodd Girolamo joined Caladrius in 2011. He is a seasoned attorney specializing in health-related products and businesses. As a member of the Caladrius senior management team, Mr. Girolamo has been responsible for managing all legal aspects of the Company’s research and development pipeline, from preclinical research to multinational pivotal clinical trials, including academic and corporate collaborations. He has been responsible for the Company’s licensing activities; the strategy, maintenance and prosecution of the Company’s extensive global patent estate; and the management of all litigation involving the Company and its subsidiaries.

Mr. Girolamo began his legal career as an associate at Cahill Gordon & Reindel, and he concluded his tenure in private practice at Reid & Priest, where he gained expertise as a general commercial litigator practicing in the areas of intellectual property, securities law, employment law and bankruptcy. In addition to over a decade of experience as both corporate counsel and private practitioner, Mr. Girolamo spent 12 years on Wall Street where he specialized in therapeutic healthcare equity securities at Oppenheimer & Co., CIBC World Markets, Leerink Swann & Company and Summer Street Research Partners.

Mr. Girolamo received a Bachelor of Arts from Harvard College, Juris Doctor from the University of Pennsylvania Law School and Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School.






Raj Prabhakar
Senior Vice President, Business Development


BioSince 2015, Raj Prabhakar has served as Head of Business Development, and reports directly to CEO Dr. David Mazzo.  Raj leads all out-licensing, in-licensing, M&A and partnership opportunities, and serves on the Executive Committee of Caladrius Biosciences.  Current priorities include global partnerships for each of the investigational clinical candidates in immune-oncology, immune-modulation and cardiovascular indications, in addition to manufacturing JVs and acquisitions.

Prior to Caladrius Biosciences, Raj Prabhakar served as Vice President and Head of Business Development for Celsion Corporation from 2004 to 2015, including the acquisition of EGEN, Inc. a gene therapy and delivery company.  At Celsion-EGEN, he led partnerships for immune-oncology gene therapy, small molecules, new formulations, and oligonucleotide delivery for DNA, RNA and gene editing candidates.  Raj has particular transaction experience in Asia-Pacific with leading pharmaceutical companies in Japan and China.  Prior to Celsion Raj was employed at PATH Global Vaccine Development Group, Protiveris, Osiris Therapeutics, and Harvard Medical School-Brigham & Women’s Hospital in multiple corporate development, business development, commercialization and research roles. Raj holds an MBA from the Harvard Business School and dual Bachelors of Science Degrees in Biology and Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.





David Schloss
Vice President, Human Resources


BioDavid Schloss, a senior human resources executive and former attorney with over 20 years of leadership experience, joined Caladrius Biosciences in 2014 as Vice President, Human Resources.  At the company, Mr. Schloss is responsible for the development and delivery of compensation; benefits; organizational design and development; recruitment; and employee relations.

Mr. Schloss comes to Caladrius (formerly NeoStem) with a strong resume of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Prior to joining Caladrius, he served as SVP, Human Resources with PLUS Diagnostics (acquired by Miraca Life Sciences).  Prior to PLUS Diagnostics, Mr. Schloss led human resources for OraPharma from 2011- 2012, a private equity owned specialty pharmaceutical company focused on oral health care.  Mr. Schloss helped grow the company and was instrumental in its acquisition and integration by Valeant Pharmaceuticals International.  Prior to OraPharma, from 2009-2011, Mr. Schloss was Vice President, Human Resources for Eurand Pharmaceuticals, a publicly traded specialty pharmaceutical company based in Italy that develops, manufactures and commercializes pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products.  While with Eurand, Mr. Schloss helped build the commercial organization that launched Zenpep® for the treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in patients with cystic fibrosis.  Eurand was acquired by Aptalis in 2011.

From 2007-2009, Mr. Schloss led human resources for ImClone Systems, a fully integrated global biopharmaceutical company, engaged in the development and commercialization of a portfolio of targeted biological oncology treatments.  He also led ImClone System’s human resources through its acquisition by Eli Lilly in 2008.  Additionally, Mr. Schloss spent 17 years with GlaxoSmithKline in a number of senior level HR roles across the US and internationally.

Before beginning his career in human resources, Mr. Schloss was an attorney practicing in the representation of management in all phases of labor relations and employment law. He earned a BA from Clark University and a J.D. from the University of Miami School Of Law.  He currently serves on the Pennsylvania Advisory Board of the Devereux Foundation, a leading nonprofit behavioral health organization that provides support and services to children and adults with intellectual, emotional, developmental, and behavioral challenges.






Greg Berkin
Vice President, Information Technology


BioM.S. (computer science/computer forensics) Fairleigh Dickinson University

Greg Berkin joined Caladrius in January 2015. Since that time, Greg has been responsible for transforming external IT support into an internal team working as a highly efficient operating unit across all five Caladrius and PCT sites. He also manages all groups within IT: Networking, PC, Applications, Business Solutions, and Telecom.

Before joining Caladrius, Greg held director and management roles in IT at companies including Regado Biosciences, Aeterna Zentaris, and Chugai Pharma USA.

Greg has more than 20 years in the technical profession with 15 years of unparalleled managerial experience, specializing in production systems, network engineering, facility operations, project management, hybrid cloud-computing, and cybersecurity.





































Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #a62571b0-70db-11e7-8604-e7cf5baf844f
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #a65d4a90-70db-11e7-bbbc-6b6d64bb3ece
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #a68ebad0-70db-11e7-a94d-734d8960f583
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          










 












David J. Mazzo, Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. Chief Executive Officer - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















David J. Mazzo
Chief Executive Officer, Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for David J. Mazzo at Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.. David J. Mazzo works as Chief Executive Officer , acting in a Executive Management role .  Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/20/2017:


Caladrius Biosciences Announces that 50% of Subjects Have Been Treated in the Phase 2 Clinical Trial of CLBS03 for Type 1 Diabetes

Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:CLBS) (Caladrius or the Company), a development stage biopharmaceutical company with multiple technology platforms targeting autoimmune and select cardiology indications, announces that 50% of subjects have been treated in The Sanford Project: T-Rex Study, a prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the Companys CLBS03 as a treatment for recent-onset type 1 diabetes (T1D). .....

People In This Article:
David J. Mazzo
 

06/27/2017:


Caladrius Biosciences Joins Russell Microcap Index

June 26 -- Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:CLBS) ("Caladrius" or the "Company"), a cellular therapeutics development company with a pipeline focused on autoimmune disease and select cardiovascular indications, announces today that the Company has joined the Russell Microcap Index as part of the Russell indexes annual reconstitution, effective after the U.S. financial market opens today.Membership in the Russell Microcap Index, which remains in place for one year, means automatic inclusion in the appropriate growth and value style indexes. .....

People In This Article:
David J. Mazzo
 






Learn more about David J. Mazzo  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about David J. Mazzo and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































David J Mazzo - Basking Ridge, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David J Mazzo in Basking Ridge, NJ


David J Mazzo

                                                                           Intelius found that David J Mazzo  is  a male between 60 and 60 years old from Basking Ridge, NJ.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

David John Mazzo


Get Report Now

Age

David J Mazzo is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

Basking Ridge, NJ
Lake Zurich, IL
Fort Washington, PA

David's Relatives

Cheryl Mazzo
T Thorry
Rocco Mazzo
Frances Mazzo







David J Mazzo



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer / Director at Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David J Mazzo
Get a Criminal Check on David J Mazzo
Get a Public Record Report on David J Mazzo
Get a People Search Report on David J Mazzo


David J Mazzo's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David J Mazzo has lived as well as David J Mazzo's phone numbers and email addresses.




David J Mazzo Has Lived in 4 States
New Jersey Address for David J Mazzo


120 M******* V*** B*** 

Basking Ridge, NJ


Has Lived In

Basking Ridge, NJ
Lake Zurich, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David J Mazzo

(908) ***-**** - Bernardsville, NJ 
(908) ***-**** - Basking Ridge, NJ 
(908) ***-**** - Berkeley Heights, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David J Mazzo

d*********o@***.com
d****o@***.com
d****m@***.com


Get Email Report




David J Mazzo's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about David J Mazzo's academic history.  Find out which schools David J Mazzo attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees David J Mazzo received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David J Mazzo Has Attended 4 Schools
University of Massachusetts, Amherst 1979 – 1983               David J Mazzo has a Ph.D. in Chemistry               
University of Massachusetts, Amherst               1979 – 1983               David J Mazzo has a Ph.d., Chemistry in Chemistry               
Villanova University               1975 – 1979               David J Mazzo has a B.S. and B.A. in Chemistry and Honors               
Villanova University               1975 – 1979               David J Mazzo has a B.S. and B.a., Chemistry and Honors in Chemistry and Honors               


David J Mazzo's Professional Information
Information regarding David J Mazzo's professional history.  Find out previous places David J Mazzo has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David J Mazzo Has Worked at 11 Places
Company: Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.
               Title: Chief Executive Officer / Director
Company: Regado Biosciences , Inc.
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
David J Mazzo's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer / Director
               Company: Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $10 mil to less than $25 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Regado Biosciences , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: Unknown - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100. Regado Biosciences, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel, first-in-class, actively controllable antithrombotic drug systems for acute and sub-acute cardiovascular indications. Regado is pioneering the development of two-component drug systems consisting of a therapeutic aptamer and its specific active control agent. The company's lead product candidate, REG1, is a two-component system consisting of pegnivacogin, an anticoagulant aptamer specifically targeting coagulation Factor IXa, and its complementary oligonucleotide active control agent, anivamersen. REG1 is currently being evaluated in the REGULATE-PCI trial, a world-wide Phase 3 study enrolling 13,200 patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) undergoing a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), a hospital-based procedure used to mechanically open or widen obstructed coronary arteries. Regado's actively controllable product candidates have the potential to improve patient outcomes, enhance the patient experience and reduce overall treatment costs.
Additional Professional Information on David J Mazzo

 See David J Mazzo's LinkedIn Profile



David J Mazzo's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David J Mazzo


David J Mazzo's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David J Mazzo's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Mazzo
Username Matches

                  DavidMazzo
                  MazzoDavid
                  David.Mazzo
                  Mazzo.David
                  David_Mazzo
                  Mazzo_David
                  David-Mazzo
                  Mazzo-David
                  DMazzo
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Mazzo







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













David J  Mazzo - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











David J  Mazzo
Check out list of companies and businesses related to David J  Mazzo. Find out David J  Mazzo address and contact details. View other people related to David J  Mazzo - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

120 MOUNTAIN VIEW BOULEVARD C/O REGADO BIOSCIENCES, INC. BASKING RIDGE 07920 NJ




Companies related to David J  Mazzo
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001311596Tobira Therapeutics, Inc.Chief Executive Officer 701 GATEWAY BLVD SUITE 300 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO 94080




David J  Mazzo on the Web
Persons related to David J  Mazzo - Tobira Therapeutics, Inc.NamePositionCityplc  ActavisPARSIPPANYAllergan Holdco US, Inc.IRVINEGopka  AntonBasking RidgeClark  B.Basking Ridge3, FCPR  BIODISCOVERY10% Owner PARISBIOTECHNOLOGY VALUE FUND II LPCHICAGOBIOTECHNOLOGY VALUE FUND L PCHICAGOBIOTECHNOLOGY VALUE FUND L PCHICAGOJAMES C  BLAIR10% Owner PRINCETONCarol L  BrosgartDirector SOUTH SAN FRANCISCOBVF INC/ILCHICAGOBVF PARTNERS L P/IL CHICAGOCourts  ChrisBasking RidgeB. Jefferson  ClarkDirector BASKING RIDGEB. Jefferson  ClarkDirector BASKING RIDGEB. Jefferson  ClarkDirector BASKING RIDGEJeffrey H  CooperDirector NOVATOChristopher  CourtsVice President of Finance BASKING RIDGEChristopher  CourtsVice President of Finance BASKING RIDGEMazzo  DavidBasking RidgePodlesak  DennisBasking RidgeASSOCIATES  DOMAIN10% Owner PRINCETONDOMAIN PARTERS VII L P10% Owner PRINCETONDomain Partners VI, L.P.10% Owner PRINCETONBRIAN H  DOVEYBRIAN H  DOVEY10% Owner PRINCETONDP VI Associates, L.P.10% Owner PRINCETONDP VII ASSOCIATES LP10% Owner PRINCETONDe Rothschild Investment Partners  EdmondPARISR Don  ElseySr. VP/Chief Financial Officer BASKING RIDGER Don  ElseySr. VP/Chief Financial Officer BASKING RIDGELaurent  FischerChief Executive Officer WATERTOWNFrazier Healthcare V, LP10% Owner SEATTLEAndrew J.  FromkinDirector BASKING RIDGEAndrew J.  FromkinDirector BASKING RIDGEDrew J  FromkinDirector NEWTONAlexander R  GiaquintoCCO and SVP of Reg. Affairs BASKING RIDGEAlexander R  GiaquintoCCO, SVP of Reg. Affairs BASKING RIDGEAnton  GopkaDirector BASKING RIDGEAnton  GopkaDirector BASKING RIDGEAnton  GopkaDirector BASKING RIDGEBrian K  HalakPRINCETONPatrick J  HeronDirector PALO ALTOClark  JeffBasking RidgeHelen  JenkinsChief Operating Officer SOUTH SAN FRANCISCOTreu  JesseBasking RidgeKim P.  KamdarPRINCETONROBERT A  KIERLIN10% Owner WINONAROBERT A  KIERLIN10% Owner WINONAMARK N  LAMPERTSAN FRANCISCOEric  LefebvreChief Medical Officer SOUTH SAN FRANCISCOPierre  LegaultDirector BERKELEY HEIGHTSPierre  LegaultDirector BASKING RIDGEPierre  LegaultBASKING RIDGEDavid J  MazzoPresident and CEO BASKING RIDGEDavid J  MazzoChief Executive Officer BASKING RIDGEEllen  McDonaldSVP & Chief Business Officer BASKING RIDGEGwen A  MelincoffDirector SOUTH SAN FRANCISCOMichael  MendelsohnBASKING RIDGEMichael  MendelsohnDirector BASKING RIDGEMichael  MendelsohnDirector BASKING RIDGEMichael A  MetzgerPresident and COO BASKING RIDGEMichael A  MetzgerPresident & CEO BASKING RIDGEMendelsohn  MichaelBasking RidgeMetzger  MichaelBasking RidgeP SHERRILL  NEFFDirector BASKING RIDGEP SHERRILL  NEFFPHILADELPHIAP SHERRILL  NEFFDirector PHILADELPHIAA/S  Novo10% Owner BAGSVAERDNeff  P.Basking RidgeChristopher  PeetzChief Financial Officer SOUTH SAN FRANCISCONicholas J.  PelliccioneSr. VP of Regulatory Affairs BASKING RIDGEPentwater Capital Management LP10% Owner CHICAGOLegault  PierreBasking RidgeDennis  PodlesakDirector SAN DIEGODennis  PodlesakDirector BASKING RIDGEDennis  PodlesakDirector BASKING RIDGEDennis  PodlesakDirector BASKING RIDGEQUAKER BIO VENTURES LP10% Owner PHILADELPHIAQUAKER BIOVENTURES CAPITAL LPPHILADELPHIAWishiewski  RaphaelBasking RidgeWisniewski  RaphaelBasking RidgeInvestments S.a.r.l.  RMILUXEMBOURGInvestments S.a.r.l.  RMI10% Owner MOSCOWChristopher Paul  RusconiDURHAMChristopher Paul  RusconiChief Scientific Officer BASKING RIDGEChristopher Paul  RusconiChief Scientific Officer BASKING RIDGERusnanoMedInvest LLCMOSCOWRusnanoMedInvest LLCMOSCOWSapphire Acquisition Corp.PARSIPPANYKATHLEEN K  SCHOEMAKER10% Owner PRINCETONNimesh  ShahPRINCETONJESSE I  TREUDirector PRINCETONNICOLE  VITULLORICHMONDNICOLE  VITULLO10% Owner PRINCETONECKARD  WEBERDirector SOUTH SAN FRANCISCORaphael  WisniewskiDirector BASKING RIDGERaphael  WisniewskiDirector BASKING RIDGESteven  ZelenkofskeSVP & Chief Medical Officer BASKING RIDGESteven  ZelenkofskeSVP & Chief Medical Officer BASKING RIDGE












 









Insider Trading - Mazzo David J - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Mazzo David J





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-08-17Purchase
2015-08-186:00 pm
Caladrius Biosciences Inc.
CLBS
Mazzo David JChief Executive OfficerDirector
20,000
$1.396
$27,922
259,543(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-12Option Award
2016-12-1412:57 pm
2017-07-212026-07-21
Psivida Corp.
PSDV
Mazzo David JDirector
30,000
$3.49
30,000(Direct)
View


2016-10-25Tax Withholding
2016-11-104:06 pm
N/AN/A
Caladrius Biosciences Inc.
CLBS
Mazzo David JChief Executive OfficerDirector
457
$4.12
47,238(Direct)
View


2016-09-29Option Award
2016-09-304:31 pm
2016-09-292026-09-29
Caladrius Biosciences Inc.
CLBS
Mazzo David JChief Executive OfficerDirector
50,919
$4.77
50,919(Direct)
View


2016-07-25Tax Withholding
2016-08-126:16 pm
N/AN/A
Caladrius Biosciences Inc.
CLBS
Mazzo David JChief Executive OfficerDirector
457
$5.4
47,695(Direct)
View


2016-04-25Tax Withholding
2016-05-029:48 pm
N/AN/A
Caladrius Biosciences Inc.
CLBS
Mazzo David JChief Executive OfficerDirector
4,545
$0.68
458,839(Direct)
View


2016-01-25Option Award
2016-01-279:39 pm
N/AN/A
Caladrius Biosciences Inc.
CLBS
Mazzo David JChief Executive OfficerDirector
212,800
$0
484,478(Direct)
View


2016-01-25Tax Withholding
2016-01-279:39 pm
N/AN/A
Caladrius Biosciences Inc.
CLBS
Mazzo David JChief Executive OfficerDirector
21,094
$0.63
484,478(Direct)
View


2016-01-25Option Award
2016-01-279:39 pm
N/A2026-01-25
Caladrius Biosciences Inc.
CLBS
Mazzo David JChief Executive OfficerDirector
350,000
$0.63
484,478(Direct)
View


2015-12-03Option Award
2015-12-043:40 pm
2016-07-232025-07-23
Psivida Corp.
PSDV
Mazzo David JDirector
30,000
$4.09
30,000(Direct)
View


2015-06-02Option Award
2015-06-049:00 pm
N/AN/A
Neostem Inc.
NBS
Mazzo David JChief Executive OfficerDirector
80,000
$0
239,543(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 20:50:38 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










	NeoStem Inc Strengthens Executive Management With Appointments Of David J Mazzo Phd As Chief Executive Officer And Robert S Vaters As President And













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






NeoStem, Inc. Strengthens Executive Management With Appointments Of David J. Mazzo, Phd As Chief Executive Officer And Robert S. Vaters As President And Chief Financial Officer And Elects Robin Smith, MD To Executive Chair Of The Board  











Tweet








1/5/2015 7:23:42 AM


 NEW YORK, Jan. 5, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NeoStem, Inc. (Nasdaq:NBS), a leader in the development and manufacturing of cell therapy products and regenerative medicine, today announced the appointments of David J. Mazzo, PhD as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Robert S. Vaters as President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Both Dr. Mazzo and Mr. Vaters will also serve as directors of the corporation. Simultaneously, Robin Smith, MD has been elevated to the position of Executive Chair of the Board of Directors.  "We are committed to increasing shareholder value and believe these management changes will drive an evolution of our corporate strategy and be the first step in the next phase of the Company's growth," said Dr. Smith, Executive Chair of the Board. "The complementary leadership and technical skills of Dr. Mazzo and Mr. Vaters are expected to accelerate our clinical programs towards commercialization, enhance business development efforts, secure a global manufacturing footprint and provide commercial capacity for our clients with world class quality and reliability. These efforts, as part of a continued focus on pursuing broader strategic opportunities for our late-stage platform technologies, are expected to increase the franchise value of our pipeline."  Dr. Mazzo brings to NeoStem over 30 years of international experience in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry. Most recently, as CEO of Regado Biosciences, he created and led the smallest team ever to successfully design and execute a cardiovascular mega-trial. Prior to Regado, Dr. Mazzo was Chief Executive Officer of Aeterna Zentaris, a multi-national biopharmaceutical company focused on development of therapies in oncology and endocrinology indications. Previously, he had served as President and CEO of Chugai Pharma USA, LLC, the U.S. subsidiary of Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. of Japan and a member of the Roche Group following his tenure at Schering-Plough as the Senior Vice-President of Development Operations and a member of the Board of Directors of Essex Chemie, AG. Dr. Mazzo held positions of increasing responsibility with Merck & Co., Baxter Healthcare Corporation, Rhone-Poulenc Rorer and Hoechst Marion Roussel before joining Schering-Plough. Dr. Mazzo currently is Non-Executive Chairman of pSivida, Inc. and a Director of Avanir Pharmaceuticals.  "I believe that NeoStem's product platform, that includes a late-stage clinical pipeline, presents compelling opportunities for the development of therapies for ischemic repair, cancer and autoimmune disorders," said Dr. Mazzo.  "I am extremely excited to join the company at this critical time and look forward to reporting our accomplishments in the future as we achieve our strategic goals."  Robert S. Vaters comes to NeoStem from Carob Investments, a strategic, acquisition and investor consulting firm, where he was a managing partner. From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Vaters was President, CEO, and director for Orthofix International NV, having served as its Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Operating Officer from 2008 to 2010. He was the Founder/General Partner of Med-Opportunity Partners LLC where from 2006 to 2008 he identified, negotiated, and closed on middle market healthcare buyouts and growth equity investments, specializing in pharmaceutical, medical device, biologic, medical technology and specialty health care service industries. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development for Inamed Corporation, a global healthcare company.  "After 25 years of financial, corporate strategy, investment, deal making and capital-raising experience, I look forward to contributing to NeoStem's value with the goal of setting an industry standard for financial performance and elevating the Company to the next plateau of growth while attracting a greater institutional investor base," stated Mr. Vaters.    About NeoStem, Inc.    NeoStem is a biopharmaceutical company pursuing the preservation and enhancement of human health globally through the development of cell based therapeutics that prevent, treat or cure disease by repairing and replacing damaged or aged tissue, cells and organs and restoring their normal function. The combination of a rich therapeutics pipeline and externally recognized in-house manufacturing expertise has created an organization with unique capabilities for cost effective and accelerated product development. www.neostem.com  Forward-Looking Statements    This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations, as of the date of this press release, and involve certain risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include statements herein with respect to the successful execution of the Company's business strategy, the Company's ability to develop and grow its business, the successful development of cellular therapies with respect to the Company's research and development and clinical evaluation efforts in connection with the Company's Targeted Immunotherapy Program, Ischemic Repair Program, Immune Modulation Program and other cell therapies, the future of the regenerative medicine industry, including whether a large commercial market ever develops and whether our clients receive necessary regulatory approval to market their products, and the role of stem cells and cellular therapy in that industry, and the performance and planned expansion of the Company's contract development and manufacturing business. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Factors that could cause future results to materially differ from the recent results or those projected in forward-looking statements include the "Risk Factors" described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on March 13, 2014, the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 8, 2014 and in the Company's other periodic filings with the SEC. The Company's further development is highly dependent on future medical and research developments and market acceptance, which is outside of its control. CONTACT: Investor Contact: LifeSci Advisors, LLC Hans Vitzthum Managing Director Phone: +1-212-915-2568 Email: hans@lifesciadvisors.com Media Contact: NeoStem, Inc. Eric Powers Manager of Communications and Marketing Phone: +1-212-584-4173 Email: epowers@neostem.com      

Help employers find you! Check out all the jobs and post your resume.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
NeoStem, Inc.'s Stem Cell Therapy Fails Mid-Stage Heart Attack Study  Bungling Of Virus Prompts Hiring Of CDC Safety Chief

  NeoStem, Inc. Provides Further Information Regarding The Design Of The Phase 2 PreSERVE AMI Clinical Trial  We Made a List and Checked It Twice:  BioSpace (DHX)’s Naughty and Nice  NeoStem, Inc. Announces Initial Positive Data From Phase 2 Preserve AMI Clinical Trial  Conkwest Nabs $50 Million and Snags Biotech Billionaire as Co-Chairman of the Board  NeoStem, Inc.'s Subsidiary, Progenitor Cell Therapy, Earns AABB Re-Accreditation For Its Allendale, NJ Manufacturing Facility  Ex-Sarepta Therapeutics (SRPT) Exec to Head Massachusetts Startup Checkmate Pharmaceuticals NeoStem, Inc. Announces USAN Approval Of Generic Name 'Eltrapuldencel-T' For Investigational Patient-Specific Targeted Cancer Immunotherapy  Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Already Seeking Successor for CEO That Will Most Likely Step Down in 2019  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Caladrius Biosciences (Formerly Known As NeoStem, Inc.) 




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 





























