










Plastic Surgery In California with John McAvoy M.D.











































Home
Face
Breasts
Body Shaping
About John McAvoy
Contact Us









	Common Procedures:
	
Face Lift
Nose
Facial Peels
Breast Enlargement
Breast Lift
Tummy Tuck
Liposuction






Journey with us to the wine country of Santa Rosa, near San Francisco, Napa, Marin, Lake and Mendocino counties. There stands the cosmetic surgery center of Dr. John McAvoy, a Member of the American Society for Aesthetic Surgery, the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, the California Society Of Plastic Surgeons and a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons. Double boarded by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and The American Board of Surgery, he brings over thirty years of experience to the operating room as he performs facelifts, nosejobs, insertion of breast implants, tummy tucks, tumescent suction lipectomy, breast lifts and reduction, gynecomastia correction, otoplasty or ear correction and facial peels. He was an early advocate of fat transfers in preference to Restylane®, Sculptra® or other fillers. He offers Botox® on a regular basis.
This web site is designed to educate and inform, not to replace consultation with a plastic surgeon . We welcome all questions and comments as we believe that the focus of our practice is you, not a procedure nor a product, nor the many awards of our surgeon.
Enjoy the pages that follow, and we look forward to meeting you.
The Staff at the Ambulatory Surgery Unit









Facial Procedures
As a specialty practice, we are often asked, “Do you specialize in facial plastic surgery?” — The resounding answer is “Yes!”








Breast Procedures
Whether breasts are considered too small, too large, too saggy, or in the case of males, too developed, there are safe and effective procedures to restore the look to more natural.








Body Shaping
Among the happiest of all patients are those who have brought their weight toward the normal and completed the process with body contouring.








Retirement / Obtaining Records
Dr. John McAvoy announces his retirement from practice effective December 31, 2015.
Medical records for the past ten years are available after receipt of a signed request by the patient only (no relatives) and a copy fee of twenty-five dollars sent to:
Dr. McAvoy
4773 Hoen Avenue
Santa Rosa, CA 95405
OR via your own copier with signed request and same clerical fee and appointment scheduled via  DrJmcavoy@yahoo.com


Equipment for Sale
Much of the equipment used in our practice is now for sale:
LIST OF EQUIPMENT FOR SALE
If interested, please contact:   DrJmcavoy@yahoo.com




Finding Our Office

We are located approximately fifty miles North of the Golden Gate Bridge, and 3 miles from US 101. We have a map and detailed directions to our office as well as tips on where to stay if you are from out of the area. If you need further help with travel or lodging plans, please call us at 707-526-2276.






Main Menu

Home
Face
Breasts
Body Shaping
About John McAvoy
Directions to John McAvoy M.D.
Contact Us









Surgical Procedures
Face: face lift, rhytidectomy, neck lift, nose job, rhinoplasty
Breasts: breast enlargement, breast augmentation, breast job, breast implants
Body: liposuction, tummy tuck, abdominoplasty













Copyright © 2008 John McAvoy M.D. · 4773 Hoen Ave, Santa Rosa, CA · (707) 526-2276


Website Production by Blairworks










Contact Us






































Home



Territories


Show all territories

Southern Nevada

Southern California

Arizona




Product Lines



                            All Product Lines


                            Distribution Products


                            Transmission and Substation


                            Tools


                            Metering Products




Catalog



Company



Contact Us

















                    Contact Us
Office16 Technology Drive E. #113Irvine, California 92618View map
Phone(949)727-3966
Facsimile(949)727-3910
General E-mail/Quotation Requestssales@mcavoy-markham.com
Southern California Sales Contacts

John McAvoy john@mcavoy-markham.com
Chris Lindsay-Smith chris@mcavoy-markham.com
Carlos Cuevas carlos@mcavoy-markham.com
Richard Salemme richard@mcavoy-markham.com

Northern California Sales Contact

Chris Lindsay-Smith chris@mcavoy-markham.com 

Arizona Sales Contact

Steve Winden steve@mcavoy-markham.com

Nevada Sales Contact

Richard Salemme richard@mcavoy-markham.com

Inside Sales/Order Status

Adam Lindsay-Smith adam@mcavoy-markham.com
Tim Bowers tim@mcavoy-markham.com

  
















Home| 
                                Territories| Product
                                    Lines| Catalog | Company| Contact Us





                Copyright 2008 McAvoy & Markham








JOHN MCAVOY, P.A. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    JOHN MCAVOY, P.A.











Company number P03000054262
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 510465884
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 5/16/2003
        

Principal Address
            1601 EAST BAY DRIVE, SUITE 2, LARGO, FL, 33771
            


Mailing Address 1601 EAST BAY DRIVE, SUITE 2, LARGO, FL, 33771
        
JOHN MCAVOY, P.A. Principals

President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director
                Mcavoy John
                 


Address
                1601 EAST BAY DRIVE # 2, LARGO, FL, 33771
                 







Last Annual Reports

2016 3/27/2016
            

2016 3/27/2016
            

2015 4/3/2015
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name MCAVOY              JOHN (p)
        

Agent Address
                1601 EAST BAY DRIVE, LARGO, FL, 33771
                

Description
JOHN MCAVOY, P.A. has been set up 5/16/2003 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The JOHN MCAVOY, P.A. principal adress is 1601 EAST BAY DRIVE, SUITE 2, LARGO, FL, 33771. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1601 EAST BAY DRIVE, SUITE 2, LARGO, FL, 33771. 
The company`s registered agent is MCAVOY              JOHN 1601 EAST BAY DRIVE, LARGO, FL, 33771.  
The company`s management are President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director - Mcavoy John. The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/27/2016.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
JOHN MCBRIDE ENTERPRISE, LLC
JOHN MCCABE INC
JOHN MCCABE LLC
JOHN MCCAIN 2008, INC.
JOHN MCCALL GOLF SCRAMBLE LLC
JOHN MCCALLISTER, INC.













Main























The Law Office of John J. McAvoy


Experience where it counts.


Contact us










The Law Office of John J. McAvoy is a full-service personal injury law firm specializing in aggressively representing ordinary people in cases involving:




  personal injury
  medical malpractice
  automobile collisions (car crashes)
  pedestrian accidents
  motorcycle accidents 
  truck accidents
  bike accidents
  dog-bite incidents
  wrongful death
  product liability
  construction defect injuries
  insurance disputes.



Full-service personal injury law firm


Personal injury and medical malpractice cases require an experienced team of players to reach a successful resolution. Insurance companies have teams of lawyers whose job it is to resolve your claim by paying you nothing or the least amount possible. McAvoy Law works hard to make this a fair fight!!






What We Offer You 



Based in San Diego, principal attorney John J. McAvoy has practiced personal injury and insurance law since 1979. With a long-standing practice in Southern California, Mr. McAvoy is familiar with area judges, arbitrators and experts, as well as the insurers and attorneys who represent them in these kinds of cases.

Attorney McAvoy takes pride in his work. He is experienced and responsive, making it a practice to personally return telephone calls and e-mails within 24 hours.







What You Can Expect



Doing what is necessary to understand the nature of a client’s claim, attorney John McAvoy and his staff will diligently pursue prompt recovery and the highest possible settlement for a client. We also take care to ensure that a client’s rights are protected with respect to both third-party claims and reimbursement demands from a client’s own insurance company.

We understand that trials are expensive and time-consuming. When appropriate and in the best interest of the client, we always consider alternative dispute resolution procedures. Mr. McAvoy has a reputation as a fair attorney who works hard to ensure that his clients receive a fair and reasonable settlement prior to trial whenever possible.

 




Attorney McAvoy’s years of experience provide you with access to his proven network of experts including:



treating physicians who specialize in YOUR specific injuries


economists who assess your losses and evaluate your future needs


reconstruction engineers who evaluate your incident and assist in presenting it to a jury


investment experts who assist with awards


private investigators who assist in researching and investigating your case.


 







The Choice is Yours


Remember that there are always time constraints on cases involving insurance companies and/or litigation. If you think you have a case, or if you know you need assistance with a matter, please call or email us now to arrange for a meeting with Mr. McAvoy or a member of his staff. The initial evaluation meeting is free. Following that evaluation, if you wish to continue working with this office and we feel able to assist you in this matter, we will formalize the arrangement before work begins on your case.






And Remember


When working with any lawyer, clear communication by everyone is a key element to the success of the proceedings. You must always know what is happening with your case and feel comfortable with events as they transpire. The Law Office of John J. McAvoy takes clear communication and your satisfaction seriously!






Contact Us


John J. McAvoy 3008 First Ave San Diego, CA 92103


John J. McAvoySBN 89576 
Phone: (619) 260-1323 Fax: (888) 812-1323 










WRITE A MESSAGE
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to send us a message. 






Name









Message









Phone









Email







Submit







 DISCLAIMER 



This web site contains general legal information only, and must not be construed as legal advice or as giving rise to an attorney-client relationship. This web site cannot take the place of competent legal counsel. The law offices of John J. McAvoy do not seek to represent you based upon your visit or review of this web page site or the information herein. This web site may be considered advertising under the rules of the state of California. You should not make decisions about hiring an attorney based upon brochures, advertising or other promotional materials. An attorney-client relationship is formed only after a potential client meets with one of the attorneys in our office for an initial consultation and the attorney expressly agrees to represent the client on a specific matter. The law offices of John J. McAvoy are licensed in California. Our office is located in San Diego County, California.








MCAVOY, JOHN - NORFOLK, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



NORFOLK



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            MCAVOY, JOHN
                                    



 





















M 


MCAVOY, JOHN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



198 NORTH ST NORFOLK, MA 02056
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2002
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $91,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts JOHN MCAVOY







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Mcavoy, John was founded in 2002, and is located at 198 North St in Norfolk. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $91,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
























John McAvoy| MacMain Law Group LLC



























 





MacMain Law







Search











John McAvoy




MAIN
1.484.318.7106
DIRECT
1.484.463.1014
FAX
1.484.328.3996
EMAIL
jmcavoy@macmainlaw.com

John McAvoy
Profile
John McAvoy is a graduate of Loyola University in Maryland where he received his Bachelor of Business Administration in 2009. While attending Loyola University, John spent the fall of 2007 studying in County Cork, Ireland and later interned for the Holt Group at Morgan Stanley Smith Barney.
John received his Juris Doctor with distinction from Widener University School of Law in 2013, where he served on the Widener Law Review. His note was later published by Jurist, an online publication supported by the University of Pittsburgh School of Law.
Practice Areas


Civil Rights
Education Law
Labor and Employment
Professional Liability
Municipal Liability


Career
During his first year of law school and the summer thereafter, John worked as a Commercial Lease Abstractor for Jackson Cross Partners, LLC in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania where he generated an aggregation of critical lease information that permitted corporate clients to find pertinent data quickly and better manage their portfolio of properties.
After his second year of law school, John was a Summer Associate at Lamb McErlane, PC in West Chester, Pennsylvania, where he conducted legal research and composed client letters, discovery documents, pleadings, and memoranda in various contexts, including Appellate, Civil Rights, Employment, and General Insurance Defense.
During his third year, John worked as a Law Clerk at Tighe & Cottrell, P.A. in Wilmington, Delaware, where he prepared pleadings in various areas of insurance defense, including premises, professional and products liability. John also supplemented his firm experience with a third year curriculum focused on obtaining practical experience. In the fall of 2012, John served as a Certified Legal Intern for the Delaware Civil [Family Law] Clinic and successfully litigated a lifetime Order for Protection from Abuse for his client, a victim of inconceivable domestic violence. In the spring of 2013, John interned for the Veterans Law Clinic where he represented disabled veterans who had been denied disability benefits for injuries suffered during and/or subsequent to their service and who wished to appeal.
Most recently, John served as Judicial Law Clerk to the Hon. Raymond A. Batten, PJCh. (Chancery Division, General Equity Part) in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Atlantic & Cape May Counties. As the only General Equity clerk for the two counties, John drafted bench memoranda, judicial opinions, and attended civil proceedings on varied and complex areas of law such as high-stakes contract disputes between Atlantic City casinos, creditors’ rights actions, land use matters, trusts and estates, and probate. He joined The MacMain Law Group in September 2014.
Education

 Saint Joseph’s Preparatory School (2005)
Loyola College in Maryland, B.B.A. Marketing Concentration (2009)
Widener University School of Law, J.D., With Distinction (2013)

Admissions

Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
Supreme Court of New Jersey
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey

Professional Associations & Recognition

Pennsylvania Bar Association




















James McAvoy John W. Nordstrom 'Dunella' Dot Wool & Silk Tie from X-Men: Apocalypse | TheTake








































































































Can't find what you're looking for? Let us help.	
REQUEST:
Movie
TV Show
Product
Location


					MAKE A REQUEST
				











Discover products and places from your favorite films and shows.
Join TheTake

					GET THE APP:
					
Text Me A Link





Send











			    		Looking for our B2B Solution?
			    	
Click Here










 








Products






Locations





Movies



BROWSE BY MOVIE






TRENDING






Browse All Movies >





TV Shows



BROWSE BY SHOW






TRENDING






Browse All Shows >





 Saved



TheScript



 





  

Products
Places
Movies & Shows
Actors




Log In






My Profile


 Log Out





 




































































Brand
Name
$999.99


BUY NOW









Similar styles








Wear It With










GET THE LOOK

 























0:34 / 1:56





				HOW TO SHOP
			
1. Play the video, and pause at any point to shop the scene.
2. Hover your mouse over the video to shop the scene.
3. Click on any product to buy it. Move your mouse outside the video to keep watching.



No endorsement or sponsorship implied by any actor, studio or brand featured on TheTake.com






Embed
Post to FB


















Brand
Name
$999.99


BUY NOW









Similar styles

















No endorsement or sponsorship implied by any actor, studio or brand featured on TheTake.com













Save this product to get notified when we find the Exact Match!
					










John W. Nordstrom brown tie from X-Men: Apocalypse seen with James McAvoy (Charles Xavier)

BUY















  


John W. Nordstrom
'Dunella' Dot Wool & Silk Tie




							$85.00

			   			















As Seen on Charles Xavier (James McAvoy) in X-Men: Apocalypse


 PROFESSOR WARDROBE :  					From Marvel Studios and 20th Century Fox comes the next epic generation of superheroes in X-Men: Apocalypse. When the world's first mutant spreads destruction on the planet, Charles Xavier (James McAvoy), a professor in well-worn blazers, assembles the team in their fiercest battle yet. Also starring Jennifer Lawrence as Mystique and Evan Peters as Quicksilver, only the strong will survive.  Scroll down to see more clothes, outfits and products identified from X-Men: Apocalypse. 




SIMILAR STYLES











Canali
Paisley Silk Tie
$160.00

 









Caruso
Jacquard Tie
$91.00

 









Michael Michael Kors
Boarding Plaid Tie
$38.99

 




+
Suggest an Exact Match










Shop more: Men's Fashion Accessories Ties






Comments and Suggested Matches


SHOW ALL COMMENTS




Add a comment:

How do I add links/pictures?


Suggest a product match (optional):


SUBMIT




More From This  Movie 



  









FILTER BY MOVIE / SHOW

X














FILTER BY ACTOR

X

















Sorry, we couldn't find anything with those filters.



















  

Suggest a Product Match
Select Image | Use an Image Link

Image Link:










Brand:

Product Name:

Price: (optional)


Match Type:
SIMILAR STYLE
EXACT MATCH

Tell us how you know this is an exact match:


POST





Small
Medium
Large


Select a size and copy the HTML above to embed this interactive movie frame into your website!
×







Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software


About

Jump to Top



          ©2016 TheTake
            









ABOUT
MOBILE
JOBS
PRIVACY
TERMS






















































Oops! Please try again. 


Join TheTake
Discover, share, and save your favorite products and places from movies. Sign up today to get started!


Get Notified
Leave your email and we'll let you know when we've got it.



 



OR



GO






Already have an account? Log in now
  



Request a Product




What is it?



What was it in?











Have a picture of it? No selfies... just images of products


Any other details?







 



Thanks! We'll notify you when it has been added.
Close


Sorry, something went wrong. Check your submission and try again!

  
































Oops! Please try again. 

Sign up to buy this product



 

Or use your Email Address




SIGN UP




Or sign up with Facebook

Already have an account? Log in now








				Thanks for entering!
			





SUBMIT


"Help me, help you." - Jerry McGuire










SUBMIT


"Help me, help you." - Jerry McGuire










SUBMIT


"Help me, help you." - Jerry McGuire




Welcome to TheTake
You made the right call

CONTINUE
Click to be redirected to the product



Good luck!
You're entered to win.

And now, share away:






CLOSE


Welcome to TheTake
You made the right call

CONTINUE






  




Oops! Please try again. 

Almost Done!
We just need a little more info to create your account.










Female
	          	

Male
	          	

By creating an account I agree to TheTake Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

CREATE ACCOUNT


  





Oops! Please try again. 

Sign up with Facebook








By creating an account I agree to TheTakeTerms of Service and Privacy Policy

CREATE ACCOUNT


  




Oops! Please try again. 

Log in to TheTake





Log in with your email address








LOG IN


Forgot password? 



Not a member? Sign up now

  



Our Team Is on It




CLOSE
		Browse all of our movies here.
		
	      



Reset Password
Enter your email address to reset your password.



RESET



Not a member? Sign up now

  



Congrats! That was your first SAVE.

You can find it later in the SAVED section.
	 	 



We'll be sure to notify you of any updates - Exact Matches, Comments and more!

OK

  






BUY

  







  



LINKS
If you are suggesting a match for this product paste the link to it in the "SUGGEST A PRODUCT MATCH" field.Any other links can be included in the text of your comment by just pasting them in.
IMAGES
You can include images in your comment by pasting in an image link (e.g. http://media.giphy.com/media/Cf6KmzYYJAg8w/giphy.gif).If you have an image file on your computer, you can upload it to an image hosting site first (we recommend imgur.com) and use the link that they give you.

  





















 













 













 


