


 Spot the Apple Product Placement in this SNL Video with Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer - The Mac Observer       

  
  


Spot the Apple Product Placement in this SNL Video with Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer

Bryan Chaffin
@TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin
 1 minute read
May 11th, 2017 2:39 PM EDT | News

Saturday Night Live has a new video trailer promoting Melissa McCarthy as White House spokesperson Sean Spicer, who will host the May 13th episode. I noticed the video because it was retweeted by Lisa Jackson, Apple Vice President of Environment, Policy and Social Initiatives.You may wonder why an Apple senior executive is retweeting politically-charged SNL videos. It could be that she’s a huge Melissa McCarthy fan—because yeah—or it could be the Apple product placement at 38 seconds.Here’s the tweet and the video:This week’s host @melissamccarthy feels pretty, oh so pretty. #SNLLiveCoastToCoast pic.twitter.com/dvh4ZmXPmc— Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl) May 10, 2017Is This Apple’s SNL Ad?You may remember that SNL is producing an ad for Apple. It’s clearly product placement, but this isn’t the ad, per se. But it is almost certainly a teaser for that ad, which was announced in April as in-show content paid for by Apple. Consider the tweet part of the package.Melissa McCarthy has had a huge hit with her Sean Spicer impression. If it’s no coincidence Apple Watch is featured so specifically, it could be a play on Mr. Spicer’s social media-captured trip to an Apple Store to buy an Apple Watch.I don’t feel too strongly about that angle because that story involved someone asking him what it’s like to work for a fascist. That doesn’t seem the sort of thing Apple would want to step into, but who knows where the skit will go?Lastly, I love this trailer and can’t wait to see the full skit.

2 Comments Add a comment


Lee DronickI will have to “watch” that skit! 😀
May 11, 2017
• Log in to Reply 


John F. BraunAlthough not quite as obvious, there’s what looks to be an old MacBook, complete with illuminated Apple in the screen, around 0:07.
May 13, 2017
• Log in to Reply 
Add a CommentClick here to cancel reply.Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account



 Advertise HereSupport TMOSupport TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple StoreThe TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday.Newsletter
Featured EditorialsAre You Taking Siri-on-your-Mac Siri-ously?
Robert LeVitus | July 26, 2017Will the Evolution of Artificial Intelligence Harm Humans? Depends
John Martellaro | July 25, 2017TMO Weekly Sponsor
DRmare M4V Converter - Losslessly remove DRM from iTunes rented or purchased M4V movies, TV shows, iTunes Extras, and music videos.Sponsors
  
AAPL Stock Price$153.61 +0.87 (0.57%)Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD.Sponsors    TMO Deals    Reader SpecialsSupport TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All »
Apple Ordered to Pay $506M in University of Wisconsin-Madison Patent Infringement Case
Trump Claims 3 Apple Manufacturing Plants Will Come to U.S.
Apple Releases iOS 11 Public Beta 3
Apple Releases macOS High Sierra Public Beta 3
Apple TV Universal Search Adds Discovery Life, MoreRecent Tips See All »
macOS: Use Terminal to Send Help Viewer to the Back
Find 1Password's Hidden Log of Past Generated Passwords [Update]
macOS: Turning on Your Firmware Password
Learn More About Folder Notifications With 3D Touch
Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That PayRecent Editorials See All »
Are You Taking Siri-on-your-Mac Siri-ously?
Will the Evolution of Artificial Intelligence Harm Humans? Depends
Adobe Officially Kills Flash, Support Ends in 2020
Why WebCrypto Encryption Matters: Apple's Argument for Ditching Older Methods
No, the iPhone 8 Isn't Going to Cost $1,40016858Bryan Chaffinnews21494513572

                       

  

  

Melissa McCarthy reprises Sean Spicer role on SNL | Daily Mail Online




























































































































































































 



 Home



 U.K.


 
 

News



 Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


News


World News


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


Wires



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback









 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










Steve Jobs' widow and her boyfriend holiday in Croatia on the $100million yacht the late Apple founder built but never got to use… as his daughter tucks an iPhone into her waistband





Trump BANS transgender people from joining the military after 'consulting with generals and experts' - and argues on Twitter that they are a 'burden' and 'disruption' to victory





EXCLUSIVE: R Kelly was evicted from his Chicago recording studio after 'trashing' the premises during wild parties where guests threw up, urinated and defecated in the hallways





Go commando, have a 'safe' threesome and SHAVE each other: How to take your sex life from dull to daring without going the full Fifty Shades (or feeling like a complete idiot)





Meet the Fosters: Elizabeth Hurley and David share flirty messages while the model jokes with his daughter Sara and poses with her new beau on $80M yacht





Male Silicon Valley CEO 'posed as a female tech entrepreneur online to accuse a rival investment boss of sexual harassment'





What NOT to say in the office if you want to be respected: The most infuriating workplace jargon revealed – including ‘touch base’ and ‘blue sky thinking’ 





How we escaped from jail! Cocky inmates film themselves breaking out of maximum security prison before kidnapping a taxi driver and living it up in San Francisco with marijuana and Jack Daniels





Fox News executive who was fired after a contributor said he 'tried to force her into performing sex act' proclaims his innocence and claims he was TRICKED into signing settlement 





Chipotle blames ONE sick employee for their $1BILLION loss in value after dozens of people fell ill with the norovirus after eating at the Virginia restaurant where the staffer worked 





EXCLUSIVE: Financial analyst, 35, sues George Clooney, Rande Gerber, their former tequila company and the Beverly Hilton claiming a bartender at the swanky hotel gave him a liquid nitrogen-laced shot that made him 'collapse in agony'





Parents of terminally ill UK baby Charlie Gard who was to be treated by a US doctor have accepted they will not be able to keep their final promise to let him die at home





US doctor who offered experimental drug to incurably ill UK baby Charlie Gard admits MRI scan showed 'no hope' for the child 





Father 'killed his son, 13, after the boy found and mocked compromising photos of him eating feces from a diaper he was wearing and posing in women's clothes with makeup on' 





Nine-foot alligator attacks 68-year-old homeless man bathing in a Florida pond - biting off a finger, two toes and a testicle





New police tape reveals how disgraced USC medical school dean told cops that overdose prostitute found in his hotel room was 'a family friend' -  but they 'didn't buy' his story...





Michelle Obama says she was 'cut deepest' by racist remarks about her appearance during her eight years as first lady





'She wanted to sack me because I looked too beautiful!' Bridesmaids reveal the terrifying demands made upon them by bridezillas - including a pregnancy ban and removing tattoos





'Sisters are sweet!' Jenna Bush Hager's daughter Mila is the spitting image of her mother as she poses for adorable picture with younger sibling Poppy





Are these the world's WORST Tinder profiles? Hilarious dating accounts that will make you think twice before swiping right





Why Celine Dion is not alone in sensing the presence of her dead husband: Expert reveals it's perfectly normal and it is also helpful to talk to loved ones who have passed away





Cops find 310 pounds of marijuana worth $250,000 in the bed and walls of a pickup truck being driven across the border into Texas





We'll get the leakers EVERYWHERE says the Mooch: Trump aide says attorney general is planning action at other agencies - and reveals president ordered first casualty of the war





Now Trump is pressuring Jeff Sessions to replace the acting director of the FBI in latest tussle with his 'beleaguered' attorney general 




Previous
Next








'There was light terrorism at Nordstrom this week': Melissa McCarthy is back as Sean Spicer - this time hawking Ivanka's jewelry and shoes from the White House in SNL cold open 
After a smashing debut impersonating Sean Spicer, Melissa McCarthy returned to SNL for the cold openSpicer is seen mispronouncing foreign names and 'cutting back' on his gum-chewingHe then vows the Trump administration will appeal its loss in federal court over the travel ban by going to 'the People's Court'Spicer then hawks Ivanka Trump's jewelry and shoes from the White House podium - a spoof of Kellyanne Conway's promotion of her products this week By

Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com

Published:
  00:05 EDT, 12 February 2017

 | 
Updated:
  16:56 EDT, 18 February 2017













e-mail








3.6k
shares

 
        2.2k
View  comments



After a wildly successful debut, Melissa McCarthy was back as White House Press Secretary for the second straight week - this time wearing items from Ivanka Trump's line during Saturday Night Live's cold open on NBC.McCarthy poked fun at Spicer's testy back-and-forth exchanges with the press corps and complained of 'light terrorism at Nordstrom' - a reference to the retailer's decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's clothing line.'First of all I’d just like to announce that I’m calm now and I will remain calm as long you sons of b****,' the faux Spicer said before gathering himself.'I’m not gonna do that because that’s the old Spicey and this is the new Spicey and I’ve been told to cut back on the gum-chewing so I’m now limiting myself to one slice a day,' Spicer says as he holds up a large block of bubble gum.  





 After a wildly successful debut, Melissa McCarthy was back as White House Press Secretary for the second straight week  





 Spicer vowed to contain his anger by 'cutting back' on the amount of chewing gum he will consumeThe cold open also featured a cameo by 'Attorney General Jeff Sessions,' played by Kate McKinnon.Trump was reportedly dismayed that Spicer was portrayed by a woman on SNL.


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






'The US stands behind Japan, its great ally, 100%': Trump...



Pictured: Twin, 29, killed falling from escalator inside the...





Share this article
Share



McCarthy poked fun at Spicer, mispronouncing the names of foreign countries and leaders.When he struggles to utter the name of the wife of a central Asian leader, an exasperated Spicer says: 'I'm just gonna pass on that one. Let’s just call her Connie.'    





 This time, Spicer was sporting items supposedly from Ivanka Trump's line during Saturday Night Live's cold open on NBC  





 Spicer complained about 'light terrorism at Nordstrom's' and urged the White House press corps to buy Ivanka Trump-brand bracelets  





 Spicer also shows off shoes supposedly from Ivanka's line. The spoof of the White House press secretary poked fun at Kellyanne Conway's comments this week urging people to buy Ivanka Trump products  





 The SNL cold open featured a graphic with the price similar to those seen on television shopping channels'Now I’m gonna open it up for questions, and I’m probably gonna freak if you ask stupid ones.'Spicer calls on New York Times correspondent Glenn Thrush.When 'Thrush' asks about the Trump's administration's response to a federal court striking down its travel ban, an aggravated Spicer looks up at the sky and says: 'You're testing me, big guy.'   





 McCarthy revives her portrayal of Spicer as a belligerent press secretary who is combative with reporters  





 Spicer's propensity to chew gum is also exaggerated in the SNL McCarthy skit  





 'Now I’m gonna open it up for questions, and I’m probably gonna freak if you ask stupid ones,' Spicer tells reporters after he finishes his gum'Spicer' also joked that the Trump administration would take its case to the People's Court.'That isn’t real,' Thrush replies.'It is real,' Spicer says. 'The cases are real. The rulings are final. Don’t "f" with me, Glenn. Next question. This turkey.' Spicer was then asked about the administration's plan for 'extreme vetting.''It means it’s extreme,' Spicer says. 'You know what? Spicey’s gonna explain it so you dumb babies can understand it.'  





 'It means it’s extreme,' Spicer says. 'You know what? Spicey’s gonna explain it so you dumb babies can understand it'  





 Spicer then uses his famous props - taking out a Barbie doll and another doll with darker skin  





 'This is a nice American girl back from a dream vacation,' Spicer says of Barbie. 'We know she’s okay because she’s blonde, so she gets in'  





 'We’re gonna pat her down, read her emails, and if we don’t like her answers, which she won’t – BOOM – Guantanamo Bay'Spicer then uses his famous props - taking out a Barbie doll and another doll with darker skin. He then takes out a male doll meant to represent a 'TSA agent' who inspects the dolls.'This is a nice American girl back from a dream vacation,' Spicer says of Barbie. 'We know she’s okay because she’s blonde, so she gets in.''Who’s  up next? It’s Moana,' Spicer says, referring to the dark-skinned doll. 'We’re gonna pat her down, read her emails, and if we don’t like her answers, which she won’t – BOOM – Guantanamo Bay.'   





 The cold open also featured a cameo by 'Attorney General Jeff Sessions,' played by Kate McKinnon (above)Spicer was then asked about 'a terrorist attack in Atlanta' - even though there wasn't a terrorist attack there.'I said that wrong when I said it, then you wrote it, which makes you wrong,' Spicer tells a reporter.'That’s why you’re here. Obviously I meant Orlanta.'  When asked if he meant Orlando, Spicer replied: 'Look, the problem is all these terrorist incidences you’re not reporting on.'I have a whole list of things you never even write about.' Spicer proceeds to mention fictitious events like 'the Bowling Green massacre' as well as 'the slaughter at Fraggle Rock' and 'the night they drove old Dixie down.'  'Then there was 'light terrorism when Nordstrom decided to stop selling Ivanka’s line of clothing and accessories, and that’s Nordstrom’s loss,' Spicer said.'These are high-quality products.'At this point, Spicer begins to show off some  products he says are from Ivanka's line.  





 When another reporter asks if Spicer was 'mentally okay,' Spicer rams the reporters over with a Segway affixed to the podium  





 'You don't have a chance against Spicey,' the rampaging press secretary says  





 Last week, 'Spicer' on the SNL skit used his podium to ram into a reporter whose question he did not like'I’m wearing one of her bangles right now,' Spicer says.The screen then displays graphics similar to those seen on television shopping networks - with the price of the product, an 800-number, and promises of a 'money back guarantee.' 'Don’t even get me started on her shoes, because these babies are real head-turners.'Spicer then pulls up his leg and shows off his heeled shoes.After McKinnon's appearance as Sessions, Spicer then fields a question about Chicago.'As you know we do need someone who’s gonna bring back law and order,' Sessions said. 'The murder rate is over 80 per cent in Chicago. 80 per cent of the people in Chicago have been murdered.'When a reporter played by Cecily Strong says that data contradicts Spicer's claim, the press secretary takes out an air blower and blows air up her skirt.'That was me blowing away their dishonesty,' Spicer says.When another reporter asks if Spicer was 'mentally okay,' Spicer rams the reporters over with a Segway affixed to the podium. 'You don't have a chance against Spicey,' he says. 










Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








3.6k
shares











      Most watched News videos          Giant angry huntsman spider terrorises family         Shocking CCTV footage of fatal car bomb explosion in Egypt         Horrified uber passenger films driver receiving oral sex         Marco Hajikypri has an argument with Deborah Meaden on Dragons' Den         East London acid attack victims douse themselves in water         Horrific moment student falls to her death during college exercise         Man has water poured over him after acid attack in East London         Serious road rage leads to a brawl between drivers         Naked man chops off his penis and charges at cops in drug rampage         Charlie Gard's mother Connie Yates arrives at court         Father, 18, filmed abandoning baby in mall parking lot         Driver kills her sister in crash while live streaming on her phone         





       Is this the biggest spider EVER? Giant 'angry' huntsman...      Stripped and hosed down in the street, the latest victims...      Daughter who moved to Florida gets the 'biggest surprise...      Dragons' Den reject who stormed off the BBC show after...      Revealed: Mother-of-two killed her son, nine, and...      Steve Jobs' widow and her boyfriend holiday in Croatia on...      Egyptian tank crew 'saves 50 people' from deadly suicide...      ALL petrol and diesel cars to be banned from 2040:...      What happens in Magaluf DOESN’T stay in Magaluf any more!...      'I'm blushing like crazy!' The moment couple who spent...      The shocking moment an eighteen-year-old father abandons...      'We were just playing around': Three women are arrested...      The ones who were left behind: Never-before-seen German...      Trump takes victory lap on health care vote, tangles with...      EXCLUSIVE: Venus Williams bashes couple involved in fatal...      US doctor who offered experimental drug to incurably ill...      Not so tough now! Two men get out of their car after road...      Ohio murderer arrives at the 'death house' for last meal...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       












Comments 2187

	    Share what you think
          







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated





 
View all




The comments below have not been moderated.





 
View all



      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          Janice Dickinson, 62, poses up a storm in skimpy olive bikini as she enjoys St Tropez honeymoon cruise with new husband Dr Robert 'Rocky' Gerner, 70
          












          Star in stripes! Singer Kelly Clarkson shows off her curvy figure in top and leggings as the mom-of-two goes shopping with her kids in Los Angeles
          












          Meg Ryan sells her stunning New York loft for $9.8m... and snaps up 'paparazzi proof' Manhattan apartment in the same building as Jennifer Lawrence
          












          Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West 'set to welcome third child in January' via surrogate who is 'three months along'
          
          Woman is in her 20s
        











          Elizabeth Hurley and Yolanda Hadid's ex David Foster share flirty messages while the actress jokes with his daughter Sara and poses on $80M yacht
          















          'Look what you're missing!' Celebrities reveal how they would spend a night with an ex... and what their parting words would be 
          
          SPONSORED
        











          Courtney Stodden puts on an eye-popping display in a VERY revealing semi-sheer cropped vest as she shoots a celebrity dating show in London
          












          You couldn't ask to Seymour! Former supermodel Stephanie, 49, flashes her bare breasts as she strips naked for steamy LOVE magazine shoot
          












          Kid-friendly vacation! George and Amal Clooney continue to be 'hands-on parents' as they enjoy Lake Como with twins Ella and Alexander
          












          Financial analyst sues  George Clooney, Rande Gerber, their ex tequila company and Beverly Hilton after 'bartender gave him shot that made him collapse'
          












          'Sisters are sweet!' Jenna Bush Hager's daughter Mila is the spitting image of her mother as she poses for adorable picture with younger sibling Poppy
          














          Michelle Obama says she was 'cut deepest' by racist remarks about her appearance during her eight years as first lady
          
          Speaking in Denver
        











          'They ruined me': Dog rescuer accuses Lisa Vanderpump and husband Ken Todd of 'stiffing her $32K' over shelter
          
          Nasty war of words
        











          The look of love! Smitten Adrien Brody clashes his prints as he enjoys romantic stroll with summer chic girlfriend Lara Lieto in Saint Tropez
          












          Revealed: Why Prince George ALWAYS wears shorts as a silent marker of his aristocracy (and it's all to do with a potty training tradition)
          












          Diana's brother says royals LIED to him that William and Harry wanted to walk behind mom's coffin and claims there have been four attempts to rob grave
          












          Live like Hercules! Actor Kevin Sorbo is selling his 8-bed party pad in the Hamptons for $6.5 million
          
          He's thrown headline-making bashes there
        











          Peace offering! Olivia Wilde says she sent Jennifer Lawrence soup and bagels after she threw up at her Broadway show as she hits WWHL
          












          'I'm trying this whole vegan thing': Kylie Jenner drastically changes her diet after gushing about her love for fried chicken and In-N-Out Burger
          












          Jada Pinkett Smith on 'friendship' being the key to 20-year marriage to Will and how couples therapy helped them cope with 'personal traumas'
          












          'I will have a zero-tolerance rule': Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt reveal their plans to be strict parents as they prepare to welcome baby boy
          














          Avoiding a Marilyn moment! Quick-thinking Lily Collins grabs her backside to prevent  a wardrobe malfunction in windy NYC
          
          The 28-year-old held firm
        











          Calling it a'Day! Jersey Shore's Pauly D and Aubrey O'Day break up again after 18 months of on and off dating
          
          He is said to have dumped her
        











          Monochrome magic! Alessandra Ambrosio, 36,  puts on busty display in plunging black lace top and flowing white pants in Los Angeles
          












          Steven Tyler's, 68, 'fiancée' Aimee Preston, 28, is weighed down by HUGE ringer finger rock in West Hollywood after sparking engagement rumors
          












          Turning the streets into a catwalk! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flashes her toned midriff in a crop top and flaunts her endless legs in New York City
          












          Boris Becker's topless wife Lilly puts on a VERY brazen display at the beach as she vacations in Ibiza without her husband again amid 'marriage woes'
          













          EXCLUSIVE: R Kelly  evicted from recording studio after 'trashing' premises during wild parties where guests threw up and defecated in hallways
          












          Why Celine Dion is not alone in sensing the presence of her dead husband: Expert reveals it's perfectly normal and helpful to talk to loved ones who have passed 
          












          'She's perfect': Amy Schumer says she approves of Anne Hathaway picking up starring role in Barbie movie after comedienne dropped out
          












          Venus Williams 'gunned it from 0 to 20mph in FOUR SECONDS' while crossing intersection where she is accused of causing fatal crash 
          














          She has great jeans! Tara Reid flashes hint of torso in military inspired jacket and denim during night out in West Hollywood
          
          Sharknado 5 is out soon
        











          The next Mel Gibson? Handsome Australian actor Andrew Creer heads to Hollywood to star in Lethal Weapon TV reboot
          
          Joining the hit Fox show
        











          Sara Sampaio goes topless in a series of scintillating holiday snaps as she celebrates her birthday in Mexico
          
          Supermodel has a lot of front
        











          Check it! As Cara Delevingne and Cate Blanchett step out in grey plaid suits, FEMAIL rounds up the tailored styles YOU need to shop now for fall
          












          Fan who sparked Peter Frampton's on-stage tantrum when she was filmed waving album cover says she was only hoping for an autograph and she's sorry 
          












          Sia later, hair! Kate Hudson bids goodbye to long blonde locks as she debuts bold new SHAVED head on set of movie directed by eccentric singer
          












          Like mother like daughter-in-law: The Duchess of Cambridge is revealed to have borrowed jewelry from Diana's collection for her recent royal tour
          












          The party doesn't stop! Princess Olympia of Greece celebrates her 21st AGAIN on a trip to Mykonos - as she takes break from studies at New York University
          












          Monica Lewinsky steps out in Manhattan after celebrating her birthday... one week after she praised Jay-Z for admitting to cheating on wife Beyoncé
          












          Somber Kanye West steps out after ex Amber Rose claims rapper 'bullied' her for years since their split back in 2010
          
          Explosive claims
        











          Taking the cake! Alex Rodriguez presents Jennifer Lopez with birthday treat as she turns 48... and says she 'lights up my world every day'
          












          'Can't find the pool in this joint!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi proudly walks through a lavish hotel lobby in just a bikini and heels
          












          Gigi Hadid flashes her toned abs in a crop-top and skintight leggings as she in steps out in New York
          
          Model, 22,  emerged from Manhattan hotel 
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE:  Brooklyn Beckham displays his new hand tattoo as he hangs with dad David... amid claims he is searching for his own NYC apartment
          












          'I'm going to get divorced': Jessica Biel loses game of charades as she fails to name husband's song on Tonight Show
          
          Missed JT's songs
        













          Sister act! Sylvester Stallone's model daughters Sophia and Scarlet join their glamorous mom Jennifer Flavin at fashion event in Tokyo
          












          Luxembourg royal family among 10,000 tourists evacuated in the south of France as wildfires rage across Europe... but some folks still carry on sunbathing 
          












          Amy Schumer flaunts her bare breast as she spills out of her plunging top in racy scene for comedy movie Snatched
          
          She didn't seem to care
        











          Ashley Judd looks sensational in cleavage-baring sheer dress as she discusses being a 'bada**' at the TCAs in Beverly Hills
          
          Speaking from the heart
        











          'Um, who is that?' Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell crash lesbian wedding in Canada
          
          After the couple's backyard wedding
        











          Earning her fashion stripes! Lily Collins rocks butterfly embellished leather mini-skirt ensemble as she takes a stylish stroll around New York
          












          They really ARE a perfect match: From co-ordinated ties to his 'n' hers sweaters, how William's wardrobe is carefully planned to complement Kate's 
          












          Shirtless Gerard Butler shows off his beefy frame in bright beach shorts as he makes a splash during Spanish getaway
          
          He was in Formentera 
        











          Seven months pregnant Lara Trump takes the stage to warm up the crowd for her father-in-law at massive rally in Ohio
          
          Showed off baby bump
        











          Eat your heart out! Kim Kardashian flashes cleavage and TINY WAIST in slashed crop top for lunch with Khloe and Kourtney
          
          She turned heads
        











          Swimsuit model Joy Corrigan flashes her underboob and enviably toned midriff in a number of racy bikinis for sizzling Miami Beach photoshoot
          












          Back to her roots! Nicole Kidman flies home to Australia to attend the red carpet premiere of local drama Top Of The Lake: China Girl
          












          Say cheese! A royal fan gets VERY close to the Duchess of Cornwall as she sneaks under her umbrella for a cozy selfie at Sandringham Flower Show in England
          












          Slapping it on! Khloe Kardashian has makeup applied to her robust rear by obliging assistant on photo shoot
          
          Her entourage get very hands on
        











          Back on! Cheryl Burke and Matthew Lawrence heat up their rekindled romance during Caribbean getaway
          
          'Adventure of a lifetime,' Cheryl wrote 
        











          'Slinky and seductive' Sienna Miller is praised for a 'faultless' performance of sexually-frustrated Maggie in Cat On A Hot Tin Roof in London
          












          Pretty Little Liars' Lucy Hale shows off her slim legs in white dungarees as she heads out to grab a coffee 
          
          Actress, 28, was running errands in Los Angeles












          EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves reveals he's treating himself to his TENTH nose job for his 34th birthday despite being warned it could fall off
          












          Designer Michael Kors agrees $1.2 BILLION deal to buy luxury shoemaker Jimmy Choo, the fashion chain made famous in Sex and The City 
          












          'This is my hell on earth': Abby Lee Miller breaks down on Lifetime special ahead of 366-day prison stint for fraud
          
          Star, 50, was in tears
        











          No Secret here! Alessandra Ambrosio puts on a VERY leggy display in Beverly Hills as she steps out for lunch in stylish cropped denim shorts
          












          Hard-partying Scott Disick is just 'lashing out over sadness of split' from Kourtney Kardashian
          
          Ended their relationship way back in 2015
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham looks uncharacteristically casual as she puts on a united front with David on family outing amid 'separate lives' claims
          












          'If I called my wife a b**** she'd slap me!' James Corden learns Usher's famous dance moves before a surprise stop to clean his Hollywood star
          












          Hoodie's that girl? Former Charmed star Rose McGowan covers up as she rocks orange top and black mini skirt at documentary screening in NYC
          












          Paris Hilton locks lips with beau Chris Zylka as she DJs at Ibiza's Foam And Diamonds party at Amnesia
          
          Looked like an unforgettable night
        











          'So real and authentic': DJ Khaled hits Golden Buzzer for singer Chase Goehring on America's Got Talent
          
          Guest judge pressed his Golden Buzzer
        











          Nicole KIdman flashes bra in semi-sheer number as she joins Reese Witherspoon in patterned frock at Big Little Lies screening in Los Angeles
          












          Putting their differences aside! Naomi Watts reunites with former beau Liev Schreiber to celebrate son Alexander 'Sasha' Pete's 10th birthday
          












          Kicking off! Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 41, shares a kickboxing video as she offers a glimpse into how she achieves her incredible figure
          












          Driving me round the bend! Glam Pamela Anderson erupts into giggles as her pet pooch clambers all over her during open-top ride in St Tropez
          












          Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill looks glamorous as she flashes her toned abs in a white bikini top during Saint-Tropez getaway
          
          Looked stunning 
        











          Her little genie in a bottle! Christina Aguilera's son Max steps in for his pop star mom during laugh-out-loud dance rehearsal
          
          Just like his mom
        











          So in love! Sofia Vergara and Joe Manganiello seen on set together for first time as they film new movie Stano
          
          They just work
        











          Shaken, not replaced! Daniel Craig to return as James Bond in 2019... despite saying he'd rather 'slash my wrist' than reprise role
          
          Ends speculation 
        











          Still stunning! Halle Berry, 50, showcases her timeless beauty in slinky midi at Chicago premiere of her new flick Kidnap
          
          She looked beautiful
        











          In the Depp end! Actor Johnny smokes as he swims in a suit while filming  Richard Says Goodbye in Vancouver
          
          Hair was styled in a curly fashion
        











          A new Purpose (Tour) in life? Justin Bieber cancels remainder of concerts due to 'spiritual awakening'... after denying he's setting up a church
          












          Model behavior! Make-up free Bella Hadid showcases toned tummy as she shops in sports bra and leggings
          
          She constantly flaunts her flawless physique
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Sweets for their sweet! Harper Beckham enjoys a tasty ice cream on a family day out in LA
          
          Looked in her element as she licked the ice
        











          Meet Wisdom! Comedian Kel Mitchell shares first photo of newborn daughter with wife Aisha Lee
          
          Posted the pic to Instagram 
        











          It's a model slumber party! Jordan Barrett and Cheyenne Tozzi turn heads as they strut through Sydney Airport in their pajamas
          
          Pair looked sleepy
        











          'It's shocking to me people haven't spotted it!': Director Christopher Nolan reveals that Michael Caine makes a cameo in war epic Dunkirk
          












          Alexander Skarsgard's ex Alexa Chung puts on a leggy display in leather LBD as she attends launch of Lonely Hearts Club at Bergdorf Goodman in NYC
          












          'I got it from my mama!' Stunning Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik puts on a VERY raunchy display in a skimpy high-cut bikini
          
          Engaged to DJ Ruckus
        











          'We're kind of engaged': Robert Pattinson addresses his relationship with 'amazing' and 'super talented' fiancée FKA twigs
          












          She's got some front! Chantel Jeffries flashes cleavage in just a bra and blazer as she rocks skintight pants
          
          She's a connoisseur of saucy selfies
        











          A figurative expressionist! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts pegs in extremely skimpy hotpants and racy boots as she takes Mason to art class
          












          Close as ever! Alicia Vikander rocks pretty summer mini dress as she and Michael Fassbender depart LA
          
          The couple have been dating since late 2014
        











          A new Purpose (Tour) in life? Justin Bieber cancels remainder of concerts due to 'spiritual awakening'... after denying he's setting up a church
          












          Ivanka Trump reads to children with Betsy DeVos and snaps selfies at museum before speaking at a Mike Pence fundraiser
          
          Working her magic 
        











          Blondes have more fun! Reese Witherspoon bares cleavage in plunging black one-piece for boat ride with girlfriends in The Hamptons
          












          Hot wheels! Blac Chyna proudly displays bountiful curves while taking brand new Ferrari for spin around LA
          
          She is not afraid of living life in the fast lane
        











          Rihanna flaunts her curves in a plunging gown as she competes in the cleavage stakes with co-star Cara Delevingne at Valerian premiere in Paris
          












          'That's some sucker a** s***!' Amber Rose SLAMS Rob Kardashian for revenge porn aimed at Blac Chyna
          
          Weighed in on her bestie's behalf 
        











          Family first! Hugh Jackman cuts a smart figure as he arrives at Sydney Airport with wife Deborra-Lee Furness and their children Oscar and Ava
          












          Nothing but net! Jessica Biel displays lithe legs in black body suit with sexy fishnet panels for appearance on Tonight Show
          
          Revealed her long legs 
        











          Melania surfaces! The First Lady looks pretty in pink as she is pictured by Donald Trump's side for the first time in over a week
          
          Every inch a style icon
        











          Atomic Blonde bombshell! Charlize Theron keeps it casual cool as she parades thin stems in clinging leggings at lunch with daughter
          












          Playful Nicole Scherzinger, 39, gives a nod to Harry Styles, 23, with hilarious slogan tee... two years after THOSE 'secret fling' claims 
          












          Sofia Richie opts for comfort in bright orange Illinois sweatshirt and baggy red joggers while out in New York
          
          Usually accustomed to turning heads 
        











          Fedorable couple: Kaley Cuoco wears a straw hat and starry leggings as she heads for lunch with beau Karl Cook
          
          Actress was smiling 
        











          Still All By Myself! Celine Dion is NOT dating back-up dancer Pepe Muñoz
          
          The 49-year-old singing legend's husband René Angélil died last year
        











          A love match! Shirtless Wimbledon champion Roger Federer soaks up the sun alongside his bikini-clad wife Mirka during family vacation in Italy
          












          He Who Must Not Be Named: TV sitcom Broad City treats President Trump's name like a curse word and will bleep it on every episode
          
          A vow of silence 
        











          Chloe Grace Moretz uses sexy shoot to call on Lyft passengers to round up their fare and donate to charity
          
          The 20-year-old asked followers to follow her
        











          'I've seen this somewhere before!': Elle Macpherson hits back at Instagram influencer for ripping off her image in copycat social media post
          












          Kim Kardashian is being sued by Danish makeup artist who claims the starlet ripped off her logo... but the brands look nothing alike
          












          Fire alarm fox! Chrissy Teigen is blazing hot as she dresses in fireman uniform to celebrate McDonald's new delivery system
          
          Sets many hearts alight 
        











          From catwalk to dogwalk! Gigi Hadid dons cat ears to snuggle up with her sleeping rescue pooch in sweet selfie
          
          Adorable snap 
        











          Pretty little piggies! Ashley Benson swaps her gold booties for flip-flops to protect her fresh pedi in Los Angeles
          
          Star of Pretty Little Liars 
        











          She's blooming! Kelly Ripa steps out in floral print Gucci dress in New York City ahead of chat show appearance
          
          The 46-year-old talk show host looked great
        











          Kate Gosselin says it's 'bittersweet' that special needs son Collin cannot attend the 13th birthday party for her sextuplets
          
          TV mom, 42, opened up about heartache
        











          Purrfect performance! Sienna Miller shows off her natural beauty as she signs autographs for fans after appearing in Cat On A Hot Tin Roof theater show
          












          Things getting saucy? Lorde is all smiles as she steps out for kitchenwares with rumored boyfriend Justin Warren
          
          Out and about 
        











          Life imitating art? Lili Reinhart and Cole Sprouse are 'dating'... as they play on-screen lovers Betty and Jughead on Riverdale
          
          Spotted kissing
        











          'All will be explained': Chris Harrison says Bachelor in Paradise's Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson will reveal what happened
          
          Dramatic reveal 
        











          Kylie Jenner sued for copying neon 'lip bite' art for reality show promo... just weeks after vintage T-Shirt fiasco
          
          The 19-year-old make-up mogul 
        











          High times! Supermodel Gigi Hadid sports a marijuana pendant as she dons a chic outfit in New York City
          
          Not-so-subtle reference
        











          She's feeling herself! Ashley Graham flaunts every curve as she stars in sizzling video modeling her latest lacy lingerie designs
          
          Seriously sexy 
        











          Good Wife star Melissa George dazzles in an orange shift dress as she treats sons Raphaël and Solal to a day at the beach amid bitter custody battle
          












          Pretty in floral! Kate Bosworth stuns in summery frock and dark red lipstick as she promotes new TV mini series
          
          Beautiful outfit 
        











          Chloe Grace Moretz is sporty chic as she dons matching grey hoodie and leggings on shopping trip in LA
          
          She dazzles on the red carpet
        











          'Quit being so silly!' Jenna Bush Hager gets public telling off from mom Laura after she and Al Roker tried to prank call former first lady on the Today show
          












          Justin Bieber raises eyebrows after brushing his TEETH and hugging a reporter during BIZARRE Hillsong interview amid reports singer cancelled his tour to start a church
          












          Flower power! Paula Patton stuns in TWO paisley print outfits while promoting new show... after calling post-divorce dating 'interesting'
          












          'I got constant bullying from him!': Amber Rose claims Kanye West broke her heart, left her no money and almost caused her to commit suicide
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Yolanda Hadid reveals she was treated with frog venom for Lyme disease and cruelly dumped by David Foster who told her 'your sick card is up'
          












          Blast of color! This Is Us actress Chrissy Metz looks pretty in multi-colored dress in NYC to promote her hit TV show
          
          Donned a multi-patterned dress 
        











          Braless Barbara Palvin teases at her side boob as she narrowly avoids wardrobe malfunction while whipping off her dress during sizzling photoshoot in St Tropez 
          












          'It's women's responsibility to step forward': Jessica Chastain opts for sexy sheer top as she gives candid interview on her experience of fame
          












          'Love it!' Liam Payne's girlfriend Cheryl makes a rare public display of emotion towards One Direction star as she compliments his brand new shorter hairstyle
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Jill Zarin to reunite with RHONY co-stars at fifth annual Luxury Luncheon at her mansion - where guests will receive MILLION dollar gift bags
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Venus Williams bashes couple involved in fatal car crash as negligent, demands autopsy report and claims victim was not wearing seat belt 
          












          More cake! Jennifer Lopez is surprised with sweet treat by Shades Of Blue cast and crew as she celebrates 48th birthday on set in Queens, New York
          












          She's RIsponsible! As Rihanna becomes more influential in the fashion world, we take a look at the trends the singer-songwriter started
          
          Fearless approach 
        











          Frank Sinatra's widow Barbara passes away aged 90 in California... almost 20 years after the death of her legendary husband
          
          They married in 1976
        











          Nick Viall smiles with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi after rocky relationship rumors and one-on-one lunch with Bachelor In Paradise castmate
          












          Beat the heat! Miley Cyrus rocks black bikini while shopping in Malibu with mother Tish
          
          The 24-year-old pop diva showed off her numerous inkings 
        











          'Why? It's the same bl**dy job': Furious Harry Potter star Julie Walters, 67, slams the gender pay gap in the film industry... as BBC also faces wage divide
          












          Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shops with beau Doug, 55, at Home Depot... and leaves with ladder sticking out of her pricey Bentley convertible
          












          FIRST PHOTO: Jill Duggar asks followers to 'meet Samuel Scott Dillard' as she shares Instagram snap of new baby with husband Derek
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's Miami mansion on the line as the SexyBack producer is ordered to cough up $3.8 million he owes to Uncle Sam in back taxes
          












          Justin Bieber cancelled the remainder of his Purpose world tour because he is 'rededicated his life to Christ and wants to start his own church'
          












          'He was beyond honored': Lil Wayne left 'floored' after protégé Drake gets rapper's face tattooed on his arm... inking went unnoticed for 5 months
          












          Legs for days! Jourdan Dunn shows off her model limbs in mini skirt as she rocks double denim on New York stroll
          
          The 27-year-old looked cool on hot summer day 
        











          Her girl squad! Reese Witherspoon leaves her husband and three kids at home to party with pals in The Hamptons
          
          The 41-year-old actress was all smiles 
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Has Elizabeth Hurley found love again with Yolanda Hadid's ex? Actress is all smiles as she's pictured for first time with David Foster
          












          Kellyanne Kennedy! Ms. Conway dons a Jackie O-inspired white skirt suit for a day at the White House - but skips the former first lady's iconic pillbox hat
          












          Lean on me! Teresa Giudice takes father Giacinto out in New York City... four months after the death of her mother Antonia Gorga
          












          A home run! Baseball legend Jose Canseco's daughter Josie looks just like her Playboy model mom Jessica as she hits Miami beach in white bikini
          












          Yes, there are more Hadids in the world! Bella and Gigi  join their older half-sister Marielle during casual stroll in New York City
          
          Quality time together
        











          Having a ball! Lindsay Lohan slips into a slinky aqua swimsuit as she frolics in the pool during sun-soaked getaway to Greek island of  Mykonos 
          












          They work out together! Charlize Theron reveals she didn't train with old pal Keanu Reeves for Atomic Blonde... but they use the same gym
          












          Liam Hemsworth runs Rebel Wilson over with his car while filming their new movie Isn't It Romantic in New York City
          
          Drama on the streets!
        











          Taylor Swift and boyfriend Joe Alwyn go to extreme measures to hide from cameras with a giant umbrella and hoodies as they step out in NYC
          












          Catfight alert! Besties Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez go head-to-head with frenemy Katy Perry in Best Collaboration category for MTV VMAs
          
          It could get nasty...
        











          With her man! Selena Gomez holds onto beau of seven months The Weeknd as she celebrates her 25th birthday in LA
          
          Pair looked very cozy
        











          JR Smith heads to Miami with miracle baby  Dakota as family celebrates another milestone for tot born five months early who weighed ONE pound
          












          Sun's out, buns out! Joanna Krupa shows ex Romain Zago what he's missing by baring  naked booty during 'well deserved' Mykonos vacation
          












          'Telling him "lol no one likes you" was the last straw': Chrissy Teigen is BLOCKED by President Trump on Twitter
          
          Model isn't a fan of man in White House
        











          Katy Perry, The Weeknd, Kendrick Lamar lead MTV Video Music Award nominations... with Ariana Grande, Rihanna on list too
          












          Singer Tinashe receives restraining order against obsessed fan who thinks they're married because he is 'unable to distinguish reality from fantasy'
          












          Primped to perfection! Ivanka Trump models a chic up-do and a $900 blue lace dress to host children's summer reading event at the Smithsonian
          












          From mismatched bikinis, to high-cut maillots, FEMAIL reveals the seven hottest trends from Miami Swim Week - and details where you can shop them NOW
          












          Mickey Rourke hit with $30,000 lawsuit after failing to pay rent, causing extensive damages, and installing unapproved 'disco light fixtures' at his NYC pad
          












          Making a statement! Model Sofia Richie wears long  Matrix-style coat with 'conflict' written on back during strut through New York City
          












          'So lucky to be his mommy': Naomi Watts pays tribute to son Alexander 'Sasha' Pete on his 10th birthday and shares photos from their trip to Africa
          












          One hot Bachelorette body! Rachel Lindsay flashes her toned abs in Texas... after admitting it's getting harder to keep identity of fiance a secret
          












          It can still be yours! Sale of Aaron Hernandez's $1.3million home falls through leaving mansion empty three months after he committed suicide
          












          'I give Justin two thumbs up!': John Mayer says Bieber would have done DAMAGE to himself if he had not ended Purpose World Tour early
          












          'The only woman who has ever loved me unconditionally': RHOA star Kenya Moore mourns the loss of grandmother who raised her
          












          'Keep calm and carry on!' Prince Albert of Monaco shares relationship advice for Harry and Meghan and admits that joining a royal family is 'tough act'
          












          Even reality TV divas love junk food! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are caught chowing down on McDonald's in video taken by Khloe
          












          What men REALLY want! Dating app which finds matches based on celebs its users find sexy reveals most guys lust after gals who look like Shakira and Kim
          
















 
 
DON'T MISS










          Are YOU 'beach bum' ready like model Emily Ratajkowski? Trainer reveals the killer moves you need to get in shape for each swimwear style and look hot all summer 
          












          Karrueche Tran flaunts her enviable abs in a white crop top and relaxed army pants as she hits the shops in LA
          
          Claws actress kept things casual 
        











          Dylan O'Brien reveals training for American Assassin role 'was very good for recovery' after on-set injury
          
          Hurt 16 months ago when stunt went wrong 
        











          'Omgggggggg why y'all doin this to me?': Nicki Minaj joins Snapchat and within minutes fans blow up her phone with messages and calls
          
          What took her so long?
        











          Blac Chyna shows off her incredible '$100K' hourglass body in night out at Hollywood strip club... after treating herself to brand new $272K Ferrari
          












          Ivanka Trump shares Arabella's favorite book as she urges children to get reading at event at Smithsonian with Education Secretary Betsy DeVos
          












          Ben who? Naked Jennifer Garner romps with Breaking Bad star Bryan Cranston in steamy scenes from new Hollywood flick Wakefield
          












          William mixes up his models! Prince appears to confuse Claudia Schiffer and Cindy Crawford during Princess Diana documentary
          












          Plaid's the way to do it! Kate Bosworth dazzles in a silk midi-dress as she cozies up to husband Michael Polish at National Geographic party in LA
          












          'Keep eating': Kelly Dodd taunts overweight Shannon Beador at The Quiet Woman restaurant on RHOC
          
          Things turned VERY ugly between them
        











          Cara Delevingne pokes fun at herself as she is caught on camera stealing a glance at Rihanna's ample cleavage at Valerian premiere in London 
          












          J.Lo is dubbed the 'Queen of cakes' as fans marvel over her 48th birthday centerpiece (and it's not the first time she's been spoiled with sweet treats...)
          












          U2 star Adam Clayton, 57, becomes a father for the second time as he announces the birth of daughter Alba with wife Mariana de Carvalho
          
          He's 57. she's 39
        











          Oh my Hadid! Gigi and Bella's mom Yolanda, 53, flaunts her shapely backside on mountain getaway break to the Alps
          
          Took to Instagram
        











          Studios behind Deadpool and Terminator Genisys are accused of using stolen technology to create their special effects
          
          Lawsuit filed
        











          Jon Snow and Khaleesi finally moved closer to meeting but Arya Stark not being eaten by her direwolf was a cop-out. The highs and lows in Game Of Thrones
          












          Singer and actress Katharine McPhee puts her 3-bedroom California home on the market for $1.549 million
          
          Scorpion star on move
        











          Duke of Edinburgh's final official royal engagement before retirement will be a Royal Marines parade at Buckingham Palace next week 
          












          Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington bought $2.5million Los Angeles home for his family just two months before he was found dead in a bedroom
          












          Swimsuit model Joy Corrigan suffers a wardrobe malfunction in a flimsy white dress during shoot on Miami Beach
          
          Revealed too much
        











          No Summertime Sadness here! Lana Del Rey flashes a beaming smile as she rocks skinny jeans and tight blouse at BBC radio studios in London
          












          Whatever floats your boat! Shirtless One Direction star Liam Payne busts a move aboard a lavish yacht as he soaks up the sun at sea with a DJ pal
          












          Baby I loathe your way: Peter Frampton fans livid after singer storms off stage during live show and tries to rip video equipment off cameraman 
          












          Back to the (other) day job: Roger Federer takes three-year-old twin sons Lenny and Leo out in Italy as he plays doting dad after eighth Wimbledon win
          












          Justin Bieber's rumored flame Audreyana Michelle shows off her model proportions in skimpy crop top as she steps out in Beverly Hills
          












          Girls about town! Kim Kardashian slips into cleavage-baring top as sister Kourtney flashes bra in sheer blouse while running errands in Los Angeles
          












          Tom Hanks gets into character as late Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee on the New York City set of Steven Spielberg's new movie The Papers
          












          'It's devastating!' Rachel Lindsay sobs in despair as she reaches stalemate with Peter Kraus on The Bachelorette
          
          Big shock for sexy lawyer
        











          Al Pacino steps back into Joe Paterno's shoes as he returns to the New York set of movie about disgraced Penn State football coach
          












          In bed with Chrissy Teigen: Beautiful model playfully romps around in bedsheets for Snapchat video
          
          John Legend's wife was topless 
        











          She's out of this world: Braless Rihanna shows off her sensational curves in slinky silver satin dress at Valerian movie premiere afterparty in London
          












          'Anyone else want to  give them a hug?': Viewers get emotional as Harry and William reveal how they struggled to cope after the death of their mother
          












          Curves ahead! Pirates Of the Caribbean actress Daphne Joy, 30, shows off her amazing body in barely-there bikini on Miami Beach
          
          Had fun in the sun
        











          Joan Collins among Saint-Tropez residents fleeing their villas as French firefighters appeal for more planes as huge inferno rips through forest 
          












          The Curious Case of Macaulay Culkin: Child actor, 36, is back to his former self with new haircut and healthy glow as he goes on dinner date with Brenda Song
          












          'I just don't understand how I let myself go' RHOC's Shannon Beador breaks down after stepping on the scale to learn she's gained 40lbs
          
          She got very tearful
        











          Nothing Meek(s) about them! 'Hot felon' Jeremy and girlfriend Chloe Green coordinate in white ensembles during lunch date as their romance heats up
          












          'Something feels different about Quinn this season': Pregnant Scandal actress Katie Lowes shows off her baby bump on social media
          












          Style in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker cuts a sophisticated figure in blouse and pleated skirt while filming her new flick Best Day Of My Life in NYC
          












          She's electric! Romee Strijd stops traffic in NYC in midriff-baring bright blue ensemble and jaunty pony tail
          
          Accentuated her skinny frame
        











          Bust of Friends! Matthew Perry bares his chest as he goes topless during 'much needed' vacation in Mexico
          
          Packed on a few pounds
        











          Weather or not! Gwen Stefani steps out in cozy cable knit sweater while running errands on hot summer day in LA
          
          The 47-year-old was radiant as ever 
        











          'Justin Bieber can go f*** himself': Singer hit by fan backlash after canceling remainder of Purpose World Tour amid claims 'he's just over it'
          












          Renee Zellweger cuts chic figure in loose black blouse and matching slacks while off to dine with friends in West Hollywood
          
          Stepped out in style 
        











          The constant gardener! Cara Santana is stunning in silk as she enjoys cozy dinner date with Desperate Housewives star fiance Jesse Metcalfe
          












          'I like flowers & velvet': Justin Bieber's rumored fling Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS as she pouts with petals in mouth for smouldering snap shared online 
          












          Don't blow out the candles yet! Birthday girl Selena Gomez sizzles in black dress as she steps out AGAIN to party the night away for her 25th milestone
          












          Mommy duty! Irina Shayk has her hands full with daughter Lea during Beverly Hills shopping trip... as beau Bradley Cooper is nowhere to be seen
          












          Makeup-free Paris Jackson, 19, shows off her long legs in tiny shorts and puffs on cigarette as she runs errands with a pal in Los Angeles
          












          Released 911 tape reveals Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington was found dead by distraught housekeeper
          
          Chilling phone call 
        











          Blac Chyna shows off new ankle tattoo of her initials at Los Angeles airport after her boyfriend Mechie got same
          
          Romance moving fast
        











          Twice as nice! Model Joy Corrigan shows off her stunning beach body in two different bikinis in sizzling photo shoot on Miami beach
          
          Another day in paradise
        











          In a black mood! Khloe Kardashian wears dark ensemble as she stomps out of studio after filming KUWTK
          
          Was looking as good as ever 
        











          She's so LA! Ashley Tisdale sports trendy tattered shirt and denim cut-offs as she enjoys shopping in Malibu
          
          She surely has money to spend
        











          Party girls! Kim Kardashian posts cute snaps of North West in ripped Cypress Hill shirt as she has face painted at friend's birthday bash
          
          Posted sweet pictures
        











          Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski shows off slim pins in grey mini as she keeps low profile on gloomy day in LA
          
          She's recently been flaunting her body
        











          Tom Sturridge collapses onstage in same harrowing George Orwell's 1984 production that made Jennifer Lawrence 'throw up' 
          












          Rob Lowe happily poses with lookalike sons Matthew and John Owen in NYC as they promote their new series
          
          Entertainment veteran
        











          Feeling the heat! Riley Keough flashes her toned arms as she removes coat in between takes of Joe Paterno movie in New York
          












          Like father like son! Dapper David Beckham coordinates white ensembles with Brooklyn... amid claims he is leading a 'separate life' from wife Victoria
          












          Holy smoke! Kendall Jenner poses NAKED under a chandelier while holding a cigarette (but she insists doesn't have a nicotine addiction)
          
          Clean-living Kardashian
        











          Did he go too far? Fashion 'bad boy' Jordan Barrett risks being BANNED from Instagram after posting a very explicit photo of a couple having sex
          












          As Jennifer Lopez and Olivia Munn dress to impress on their birthdays, FEMAIL reveals six fashions to wear on YOUR special day 
          












          'Elvis has entered the building!' Olivia Wilde takes to Instagram as she introduces her cute new rescue pup
          
          She couldn't resist sharing 
        











          Amy Schumer wears monochrome dress with side split as she supports comedienne pal Bridget Everett at NYC movie screening of Patti Cakes
          












          EXCLUSIVE: R Kelly has hired Bill Cosby's former lawyer Monique Pressley as he faces allegations of keeping young women in an alleged 'sex cult'
          












          'We like spoiling each other': Amber Rose and boyfriend 21 Savage flaunt  matching  blinged out watches worth $55k each
          
          Very into each other 
        











          Classy wheels! Blac Chyna looks ecstatic as she shows off her brand new $272K Ferrari 488 Spider with baby Dream in her arms
          
          She was so happy 
        











          Girls' night! Mariah Carey slips into skintight leggings and a punky leather jacket as she dines in LA after starting her hit-laden tour with Lionel Richie
          












          Hello again! Stunning model Eva Hervagova looks like she hasn't aged since her Wonderbra ad 23 years ago 
          
          She's 44 with three kids
        











          Fabulous at 50! Halle Berry stuns in cold-shoulder minidress on Miami red carpet for her new film Kidnap
          
          Oscar-winning star has packed diary right now
        











          'I'm getting used as click bait': T.J. Miller takes to Twitter to clarify published remark about female humor
          
          Made another controversial statement
        











          Switching lanes? Tyga enjoys LA stroll with mystery woman in crop top... after splitting with Kylie Jenner
          
          He was wearing a huge grin too 
        











          Fit fashionista! Bella Hadid flaunts taut tummy in clinging Nike sports bra and leggings while jogging in New York
          
          Showed off figure 
        











          Home sweet home! Pregnant Jessica Alba is casual chic as she lands at LAX after fun family holiday in Hawaii 
          
          Looked fresh faced and relaxed
        











          Atomic Blonde! Charlize Theron rocks bondage-inspired ensemble with black leather bra and fringed mini skirt at LA movie premiere
          












          Ready to rock? Gisele Bundchen shows off model legs and toned tummy as she poses with guitar and microphone for Rosa Cha campaign
          












          Simply stunning! Model Shanina Shaik flaunts exotic beauty in flawless selfie before heading to the airport
          
          She's a former Victoria's Secret model 
        











          Beach bum! Victoria's Secret model Sara Sampaio displays her divine derriere in black thong while vacationing in Mexico 
          
          Made a big splash 
        











          'She's doing wonderful!' Chloe Lattanzi reveals mom Olivia Newton-John is on road to recovery as she says Grease star is using cannabis oil 
          












          Kourtney Kardashian bids farewell to Nantucket with sexy Instagram post... as she heads home with kids Mason, Penelope and Reign
          












          They've got good jeans! Chris Hemsworth and his brother Luke flaunt their buff physiques in casual shirts and denims on night out in Malibu
          












          She's a doll! Anne Hathaway in talks to replace Amy Schumer for lead role in live-action Barbie movie
          
          Star's schedule is a potential sticking point 
        











          Dressed for comfort! Molly Sims touches down at LAX in skinny jeans and black duster after Hamptons yacht party
          
          Blonde hair was tousled 
        











          Mother of stuntman who died on set of The Walking Dead thanks fans for magnificent 'outpouring of love'
          
          Tragic accident claimed his life 
        











          Feline fabulous! Happy Sienna Miller signs autographs in embellished Chanel gown at Cat On A Hot Tin Roof after-party
          
          Grinning from ear to ear 
        











          Grungy gal! Lorde is all smiles as she rocks '90s chic in a quirky black dress over a white blouse while stepping out with a male friend in New Zealand
          












          A little movie magic! Henry Cavill's facial hair 'will be digitally removed' after he does re-shoots for Justice League
          
          Has grown a full beard 
        











          'It was a little bit disrespectful': Louis Tomlinson finally addresses fan-fiction romance Larry Stylinson...as he debuts new tattoo
          












          Rihanna struggles to contain her assets in low-cut scarlet gown at star-studded Valerian European premiere in London... after flick is battered at box office
          












          'Sorry for anyone who feels betrayed': Justin Bieber apologizes for canceling remainder of his Purpose World Tour amid claims 'he's just over it'
          












          Chris Noth may be done playing Sex And The City character Mr. Big as he 'wants to tell other stories'
          
          He captured viewers' hearts 
        











          EXCLUSIVE: Man on the run - Zoolander star Ben Stiller turns director to tell the true story of New York state's Shawshank prison escape
          
          Scouting locations
        











          Aren't they MARVEL-ous? From Cate Blanchett's cool bob to Thandie Newton's orange lips, FEMAIL spots biggest Comic Con beauty trends
          












          Usher 'is being sued for $20 MILLION by Atlanta woman who claims she tested positive for herpes after unprotected sexual encounter'
          












          Rebel Wilson films scenes with Liam Hemsworth on the set of their new comedy Isn't It Romantic in New York after admitting she fantasized about him
          












          Audrina Patridge sizzles in tiny teal bikini after debuting swimwear line in Miami
          
          Actress, 32, celebrated her first runway show for her label Prey Swim
        











          'Don't Google Daddy': David Arquette reveals he hopes to keep his teenage daughter Coco in the dark about his wild past 
          
          In hgis dreams 
        











          Family bonding time! Miley Cyrus hangs out with dad Billy Ray and mom Tish in Malibu
          
          Trio headed to Pavilions supermarket where Miley got some Red Bull
        











          EXCLUSIVE: The Body Elle MacPherson, 53, hits the surf with handsome life coach Jonathan Bush in Mexico following 'split' from billionaire husband
          












          Actor James Cromwell is arrested at SeaWorld during PETA protest just ONE MONTH after he spent a week in jail for protesting a New York power plant 
          












          Ariel Winter and Sarah Hyland among four young stars getting 'significant' pay raise as they sign on for Modern Family seasons 9 and 10
          
          Grown up on show 
        











          'I don't give a s**t about what I look like': Defiant Cara Delevingne denounces her model status... after admitting she 'didn't like what modelling stood for'
          












          Nina who? Leonardo DiCaprio chats up models with PAINTED ON gold bikinis at treats! pool party in Miami... two months after splitting from Agdal
          












          EXCLUSIVE PICTURES Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Jessica Alba puts her bump on show in little bikini on 'magic' Hawaii getaway with her family
          












          Disney darlings! Penelope Cruz and Javier Bardem enjoy some family fun with kids at Disneyland for their daughter's fourth birthday
          












          Gone (viral) In 60 Seconds: Bizarre photo of Nicolas Cage in traditional dress during visit to Kazakhstan gets the meme treatment 
          
          He looked very awkward
        











          New couple? Macaulay Culkin tries to hide his face after LA dinner date with Trace Cyrus' ex-fiancée Brenda Song
          
          Photographed leaving Craig's restaurant
        











          'Bliss': Cindy Crawford shows off model legs as she lounges with  feet propped up on boat during family lake trip in Canada
          
          Took to her Instagram
        











          Quick change artist! Paula Patton flashes her tummy and legs in three outfits as she darts around New York promoting Somewhere Between
          












          'He let his friend rape her!' 13 Reasons Why Twitter is blasted for 'glorifying' two characters' abusive relationship with a tweet romanticizing their story
          












          To cape it all off! Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot goes makeup-free and wears baggy gray sweatshirt as she lands in London ahead of Comic-Con
          












          She found love again! Bachelor In Paradise's Amanda Stanton holds hands with Robby Hayes after second stint on show 
          
          Pair exited hotel in LA
        











          The Secret (Service) is out! The next James Bond movie will hit screens in November 2019... but has Daniel Craig signed up to the spy franchise again? 
          












          'Not sure about the tash': David Beckham shares throwback snap of his father holding him as a baby as he pays tribute to him on his 69th birthday
          










 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Steve Jobs' widow and her boyfriend holiday in Croatia on the $100million yacht the late Apple founder built...





Trump BANS transgender people from joining the military after 'consulting with generals and experts' - and...





Male Silicon Valley CEO 'posed as a female tech entrepreneur online to accuse a rival investment boss of...





EXCLUSIVE: R Kelly was evicted from his Chicago recording studio after 'trashing' the premises during wild...





What NOT to say in the office if you want to be respected: The most infuriating workplace jargon revealed –...





Go commando, have a 'safe' threesome and SHAVE each other: How to take your sex life from dull to daring...





Meet the Fosters: Elizabeth Hurley and David share flirty messages while the model jokes with his daughter...





Why Celine Dion is not alone in sensing the presence of her dead husband: Expert reveals it's perfectly...





Cops find 310 pounds of marijuana worth $250,000 in the bed and walls of a pickup truck being driven across...





How we escaped from jail! Cocky inmates film themselves breaking out of maximum security prison before...





Fox News executive who was fired after a contributor said he 'tried to force her into performing sex act'...





Chipotle blames ONE sick employee for their $1BILLION loss in value after dozens of people fell ill with the...





EXCLUSIVE: Financial analyst, 35, sues  George Clooney, Rande Gerber, their former tequila company and the...





GOSH nurses will work 12 hour shifts in a hospice on their days OFF to care for Charlie Gard in his dying...





US doctor who offered experimental drug to incurably ill baby Charlie Gard admits MRI muscle scan showed 'no...





Father 'killed his son, 13, after the boy found and mocked compromising photos of him eating feces from a...





Nine-foot alligator attacks 68-year-old homeless man bathing in Florida pond and bites off a finger, two...





New police tape reveals how disgraced USC medical school dean told cops that overdose prostitute found in...





We'll get the leakers EVERYWHERE says the Mooch: Trump aide says attorney general is planning action at...





Now Trump is pressuring Jeff Sessions to replace the acting director of the FBI in latest tussle with his...





Sessions intensifies crackdown on sanctuary cities by refusing grant money amid harsh criticism of his job...





Trump campaign adviser Paul Manafort WILL NOT testify before Senate Judiciary Committee after subpoena is...





The Senate blocks new GOP plan to repeal and replace Obamacare as NINE Republicans vote against it hours...





Seven months pregnant Lara Trump takes the stage to warm up the crowd for her father-in-law at massive rally...





Oops! Energy secretary Rick Perry was fooled into a 20-minute prank call about pig manure with Russian...





President Trump goes after Sen. Lisa Murkowski by name for not voting with other Republicans in favor of...





Story time with Ivanka: The first daughter Trump reads to children with Betsy DeVos and snaps selfies at...





Parents of 17-year-old high school cheerleader who died of a heroin overdose after years-long struggle with...





'Today it would be absolutely be classified as a hate crime': Georgia sheriffs 'close to cracking'...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            Is this the biggest spider EVER? Giant 'angry' huntsman called Aragog that's larger than a dinner plate traps a terrified family in their home
            



 
            Revealed: Mother-of-two killed her son, nine, and daughter, five, shot dead another woman and then herself to create 'everlasting consequences' for her estranged husband
            



 
            Trump takes victory lap on health care vote, tangles with protesters and jokes about being on Mount Rushmore at Ohio rally with support from Melania and pregnant daughter-in-law Lara
            



 
            The shocking moment an eighteen-year-old father abandons his two-week-old baby son in a mall parking lot and drives away
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Yolanda Hadid reveals she was treated with frog venom for Lyme disease, ridiculed by her RHOBH co-stars for faking it and cruelly dumped by David Foster who told her 'your sick card is up'
            



 
            Steve Jobs' widow and her boyfriend holiday in Croatia on the $100million yacht the late Apple founder built but never got to use… as his daughter walks alongside with an iPhone tucked into her waistband
            



 
            John McCain lectures the senators who gave him a hero's welcome after brain cancer operation, telling them to end the partisan gridlock - then rebukes Trump for failing to treat them as equals
            



 
            Daughter who moved to Florida gets the 'biggest surprise ever' after she spots her dead mother watering the plants outside her UK home on Google Earth
            



 
            Democrat aide to ex-DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz is arrested while trying to leave the country for Pakistan and charged with bank fraud
            



 
            'You're going to make me look f***ing criminal!' Moment Walmart customer loses it when loss prevention officer stops her at the exit even though she has a receipt 
            



 
            'I'm blushing like crazy!' The moment couple who spent THREE YEARS talking to each other on Tinder finally meet in a TV studio 
            



 
            Ohio murderer arrives at the 'death house' for last meal of cheese and mushroom pizza, Pepsi and strawberry cheesecake before the state's first execution since botched 2014 attempt
            



 
            NYPD cop's daughter is born thirty one months after he and his partner were shot to death in their Brooklyn patrol car
            



 
            Trump BANS transgender people from joining the military after 'consulting with generals and experts' - and Tweets that they are a 'burden' and 'disruption'  – as unsuspecting Pentagon refers all inquiries to the White House
            



 
            Stripped and hosed down in the street, the latest victims of UK's 'face-melter' gangland craze: Two men scream in pain after acid attack caused their skin to peel and their faces to change colour
            



 
            Egyptian tank crew 'saves 50 people' from deadly suicide bomb by CRUSHING car packed with 200lbs of explosives 
            



 
            Two-month-old boy dies after his mother fell asleep while breastfeeding him in her arms
            



 
            The Dallas Cowboys CUT $500,000-a-year wide receiver who was wrongly accused of shoplifting - and REFUSE to take him back after learning real culprit stole his identity
            



 
            Diana's brother says royal officials LIED to him that William and Harry wanted to walk behind their mother's coffin as he claims there have been four break-in attempts at her grave
            



 
            The Senate blocks new GOP plan to repeal and replace Obamacare as NINE Republicans vote against it hours after Trump's victory lap in Ohio
            



 
            Horrific injuries suffered by a pug Otis after his harness was left on for three weeks when he was being looked after by a dog minder
            



 
            Man, 38, 'who impregnated 11-year-old girl denies wrongdoing and claims she may have raped HIM while he slept'
            



 
            Was America's first serial killer HH Holmes also 'Jack the Ripper'? New series investigates the links between the notorious murderers
            



 
            Birthday girl Monica Lewinsky steps out in Manhattan after celebrating turning 44 years old
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL
















From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!



more











































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 























Melissa McCarthy Nails Amazing Sean Spicer Impression in Explosive, Hilarious 'SNL' Sketch











































































TV

Melissa McCarthy Nails Amazing Sean Spicer Impression in Explosive, Hilarious 'SNL' Sketch

                    by Zach Seemayer
                     1:03 AM PST, February 05, 2017                












































 Playing
                                            Melissa McCarthy Nails Amazing Sean Spicer Impression in Explosive, Hilarious 'SNL' Sketch                                        





Saturday Night Live continues to assemble an A-list dream team of guest stars to lampoon President Donald Trump and his administration with a surprise appearance by Melissa McCarthy as White House press secretary Sean Spicer.                                        















                                            Donning an oversized suit and short-cropped wig, the Ghostbusters star delivered an amazing impression of the hot-tempered Spicer in what might have been the breakout sketch of the night.                                        




                                            From the press secretary's infamously contentious relationship with members of the press to his use of "alternative facts," and even his bizarre affinity for chewing gum, McCarthy's impersonation was as brutal as it was hilarious.                                        

                                            "Before we begin, I know that myself and the press have gotten off to a rocky start," McCarthy's Spicer said at a half-yell over the uproarious cheers from the SNL audience. "And when I say 'rocky start,' I mean in the sense of Rocky, the movie. Because I came out her to punch you in the face. And also, I don't talk so good."                                        

  

                                            As the press conference went on, McCarthy's Spicer got increasingly more agitated at the reporters – played by SNL castmembers and host Kristen Stewart – who had the audacity to ask questions about Trump's recent immigration ban,  Steve Bannon's placement on the National Security Council and the appointment of Betsy DeVos as the secretary of education.                                        

                                            As a way of lashing out, Spicer swore, hit reporters with the podium and even had a CNN reporter locked in a cage in the corner wearing a diaper.                                        

                                            McCarthy's explosive, powerhouse comedic performance was met with rave reviews on Twitter, with many praising her spot-on delivery and commanding presence.                                        

One of the best SNL skits ever: Melissa McCarthy NAILS Sean Spicer. https://t.co/VmuyL553xe— Crooks and Liars (@crooksandliars) February 5, 2017


melissa mccarthy did not play sean spicerSHE BECAME SEAN SPICER pic.twitter.com/YyMU48IeNI— keely flaherty (@flahertykeely) February 5, 2017


Melissa McCarthy has a 108 MPH comedy fastball.— Seth Meyers (@sethmeyers) February 5, 2017


I think 2017 actually started when Melissa McCarthy became Sean Spicer #SNL @nbcsnl https://t.co/JpAbq9DJIT pic.twitter.com/7XFppF5tAk— Lauren (@LaurenNiepok) February 5, 2017


Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer is the 2017 version of Hollywood helping with the war effort.— Mark Harris (@MarkHarrisNYC) February 5, 2017


When #SNL realized they needed to cast a @seanspicer, whoever said "Let's ask Melissa McCarthy to do it" should win a Nobel prize.— Oh! (@cvg2005) February 5, 2017


When journalists saw Melissa McCarthy on #SNL tonight. pic.twitter.com/lDWwwuUECX— John Haltiwanger (@jchaltiwanger) February 5, 2017



WATCH: Alec Baldwin Reacts to Donald Trump's Presidential Win: 'He's All Yours, America'
 












                                                SNL                                            



                                                Melissa Mccarthy                                            



                                                Saturday Night Live                                            





 


SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE


SHARE ON TWITTER
TWEET













LATEST TV NEWS 




10 ‘Laguna Beach’ Moments That Prove It’s Still the Best Reality TV...





EXCLUSIVE: Ramona Singer Offers Apology to ‘RHONY’ Co-Star Bethenny...



GET THE LATEST NEWS





By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy


THANK YOU



 
 








Powered by Livefyre












 






































  Sean McCarthy - State Farm Insurance Agent in Garden City, NY  



 



 
 Updating...  errorWe noticed some missing or incomplete information. Please add the requested information. 



No disponible en español


 
		La página que solicitaste no está disponible en español. Lamentamos cualquier inconveniente.
	



Localiza a un agente

Cancelar













Skip to Main Content




En Español










State Farm





Login







User ID



Password





Save User ID

 


Forgot your ID or password?
























			
			STATE FARM® INSURANCE AGENT, GARDEN CITY, NY
		


Sean McCarthy Agcy Inc


Sean McCarthy














Call









Directions









Email









Text


















Get a QuoteAutoHomeownersCondo OwnersRentersLifeHospital IncomeMedicare SupplementLong-Term CareStateAlabamaAlaskaAlbertaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew BrunswickNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOntarioOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWashington D.C.West VirginiaWisconsinWyomingContinue a saved quote










			
			STATE FARM® INSURANCE AGENT, GARDEN CITY, NY
		


Sean McCarthy Agcy Inc


Sean McCarthy






					Phone: 
						516-832-9500 





			Office:   Get Directions  




			Contact:   Email Agent  




			Make a Payment: 
			
Pay Insurance Bills 













Get a QuoteAutoHomeownersCondo OwnersRentersLifeHospital IncomeMedicare SupplementLong-Term CareStateAlabamaAlaskaAlbertaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew BrunswickNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOntarioOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWashington D.C.West VirginiaWisconsinWyomingContinue a saved quote






Products and Services

Previous







Auto Insurance






		We know it's more than just a car to you. We're proud to insure what gets you home.

 Learn More 







Home Insurance






		It's where you find the most rest. Get home Insurance for the place you love.

 Learn More 







Property Insurance






		Jewelry, businesses, farms, and more - we have a plan to meet your needs.

 Learn More 







Business Insurance






		Get business insurance for your livelihood today.

 Learn More 







Life Insurance






		Get the life insurance that's right for you.

 Learn More 







Health Insurance






		Life happens fast - Make your health insurance keep up.

 Learn More 







Banking






		Easy online banking, great State Farm service.

 Learn More 







Annuities






		We're committed to providing you with the answers for the future.

 Learn More 






Next












Pay Insurance Bills
Use the policy number, payment plan account number, or key code from your paper bill to pay the amount due.



 Pay Now






Start a ClaimAutoHomeownersCondo OwnersRentersLifeCheck the status of a claimGo to the Claims Center


Location





Street Address





				1100 Stewart Avenue 


 Garden City,
NY
11530-4839




 Get Directions  Get Directions







Phone: 516-832-9500







Phone: 516-832-9500








 
Fax:  516-832-8966






Office Hours




Mon-Fri 9:00am to 5:00pm


After Hours by Appointment






Languages




         English
		



Español







Credentials




				License: NY-PC-864857



						Additional License: NY-LA-864857




 www.sfmccarthy.com 







Credentials




				License: NY-PC-864857



					Additional License: NY-LA-864857




 www.sfmccarthy.com 





About Me


UC Santa Barbara/Economics DegreeChairman's CircleAmbassadors for Life QualifierGolden Triangle memberState Farm agent since 1992


Our Mission



			Our mission is to help people manage the risks of everyday life, recover from the unexpected and realize their dreams.
		





Our Team


Rosie Chavez
Account Manager





Deann Lindsley
Insurance Account Representative





Thomas Josberger
Office Manager





Paula Woodham
Insurance Account Representative





Assunta Vento
Insurance Account Representative





Erika Argueta
Customer Service Representative





Marian Cotter
Office Representative





Veronica Marzano
Office Representative





Eliza Espinal
Insurance Account Representative










 Pause











Disclosures

State Farm Bank, F.S.B., Bloomington, Illinois ("Bank"), is a Member FDIC and Equal Housing Lender. NMLS ID 139716. The other products offered by affiliate companies of State Farm Bank are not FDIC insured, not a State Farm Bank obligation or guaranteed by State Farm Bank, and may be subject to investment risk, including possible loss of principal invested. The Bank encourages any interested individual(s) to submit an application for any product(s) offered by the Bank. We also encourage you to obtain information regarding the Bank's underwriting standards for each type of credit or service offered by visiting statefarm.com or by contacting the Bank at 877-SF4-BANK (877-734-2265). Callers who are hearing or speech impaired should dial 711 or use a preferred Telecommunications Relay Service. To apply for a Bank product, you may also see your participating State Farm agent.










Life Insurance and annuities are issued by State Farm Life Insurance Company. (Not Licensed in MA, NY, and WI) State Farm Life and Accident Assurance Company (Licensed in New York and Wisconsin) Home Office, Bloomington, Illinois.
Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact State Farm VP Management Corp., (1-800-447-4930) for a prospectus or summary prospectus containing this and other information. Read it carefully. AP2014/12/2170
State Farm VP Management Corp. is a separate entity from those State Farm entities which provide banking and insurance products. Investing involves risk, including potential for loss.
Neither State Farm nor its agents provide tax or legal advice. Please consult a tax or legal advisor for advice regarding your personal circumstances.






 Print  Email  Facebook  Twitter  Tweet  Google + 











 Email Agent  Close Dialog 



For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information such as social security number, credit/debit card number, or health/medical information.














 2000 characters left (Limit is 2000 characters) 









 Close











 Send
 Cancel







 Business Insurance in Garden City, NY  Close Dialog 



We know your business means everything to you. Make sure your business has adequate insurance protection.

Like you, State Farm® agents are small business owners who know the importance of developing a plan for continued financial security.

Work with Sean McCarthy in Garden City, NY to get a business insurance quote and choose what products are right for you.



Email Agent












For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information such as social security number, credit/debit card number, or health/medical information.



 2000 characters left (Limit is 2000 characters) 









 Close











 Send
 Cancel







 Property Insurance in Garden City, NY  Close Dialog 



Do you have homeowners or renter’s insurance? It may offer great coverage, but it might not fully protect your most treasured belongings.

Sean McCarthy in Garden City, NY offers a State Farm® Personal Articles Policy. Add this to your property insurance to help cover your personal property against theft, accidental damage, or loss.



Email Agent












For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information such as social security number, credit/debit card number, or health/medical information.



 2000 characters left (Limit is 2000 characters) 









 Close











 Send
 Cancel







 Banking in Garden City, NY  Close Dialog 



It’s not just about the competitive rates or great products. It’s about how we treat you.

Ready to get started? Sean McCarthy in Garden City, NY can help you learn about State Farm Bank® and mobile banking.

That’s right! State Farm® online banking to help you manage your finances with ease, so you can keep on going.



Email Agent












For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information such as social security number, credit/debit card number, or health/medical information.



 2000 characters left (Limit is 2000 characters) 









 Close











 Send
 Cancel







 Health Insurance in Garden City, NY  Close Dialog 



As your life evolves, your health coverage should too. Protect the ones you love with coverage that supports your individual needs.

State Farm® offers various types of affordable family health insurance. Sean McCarthy in Garden City, NY can help you choose the health insurance plan that’s best for you.



Email Agent












For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information such as social security number, credit/debit card number, or health/medical information.



 2000 characters left (Limit is 2000 characters) 









 Close











 Send
 Cancel







 Annuities in Garden City, NY  Close Dialog 



Focused on building wealth? We’ve got annuity products to help you reach your goals.

State Farm® offers fixed annuities, a low-risk investment that can help you reach your goals.

Talk to Sean McCarthy in Garden City, NY to get annuity information and find the fund that meets your needs.



Email Agent












For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information such as social security number, credit/debit card number, or health/medical information.



 2000 characters left (Limit is 2000 characters) 









 Close











 Send
 Cancel







 Mutual Funds in Garden City, NY  Close Dialog 



If you’re an investor, you want to see your money grow. We offer products like State Farm Mutual Funds® and LifePath® to help you reach your goals.

Want to learn more? Sean McCarthy in Garden City, NY will provide you with the answers you need to make confident choices when it comes to your future.



Email Agent












For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information such as social security number, credit/debit card number, or health/medical information.



 2000 characters left (Limit is 2000 characters) 









 Close











 Send
 Cancel







 Auto Insurance in Garden City, NY  Close Dialog 



					
						Shopping for car insurance? Sean McCarthy in Garden City, NY is one of more than 18,000 State Farm® agents nationwide who can help keep you and your family covered with quality auto insurance.  You can talk to an agent at any time.
						

					
						Get an online auto insurance quote - it’s fast and easy.
						

					
						Already a State Farm customer? :linkStartTag Register for online account access :linkEndTag to make payments and more.
						



Get an Auto QuoteContinue a saved quoteContinue Your Auto QuoteStart a new quote





 Home Insurance in Garden City, NY  Close Dialog 



					
						More people choose State Farm® for their homeowner’s insurance over any other providers.
						

					
						Make the move with Sean McCarthy in Garden City, NY to protect your home and family. Plus, save money when you have both car and home insurance with us.
						

					
						Get a home insurance quote online – it’s fast and easy.
						



			﻿Get a Homeowners Quote





 Life Insurance in Garden City, NY  Close Dialog 



					
						State Farm® offers competitive life insurance rates to help protect you and your loved ones.
						

					
						There's a lot to learn when you're getting started with life insurance. When you’re ready, Sean McCarthy in Garden City, NY is here to help.
						

					
						Get a life insurance quote online – it’s fast and easy.
						



Get a Life QuoteStateAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWashington D.C.West VirginiaWisconsinWyoming









Need Help?Contact UsAbout UsCareersRetireesSmall Business SolutionsOther State Farm Sites:State Farm CanadaBusiness to BusinessSite MapAbout Our Ads & TrackingAccessibilityTerms of UseNotice of Privacy PolicySecurity© Copyright, State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, 2017.FacebookTwitterGoogle PlusYouTubeLinkedInFlickrSSL
     





 

需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




Melissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean Spicer - CNN VideoBreaking NewsChat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.JUST WATCHEDMelissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean SpicerReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHMelissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean SpicerActress Melissa McCarthy made an appearance on "Saturday Night Live" to take on the role of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.Source: NBC/Broadway VideoWhen 'SNL' spoofs politics (15 Videos)Melissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean Spicer'Spicey' returns to 'SNL''SNL': Nothing matters anymore'Donald Trump' meets his supporters on 'SNL'Alec Baldwin pulls double duty on 'SNL'The Rock, Tom Hanks reveal 2020 campaignTrump confronts alien invaders on 'SNL'Watch 'SNL' spoof Sessions' tough weekMelissa McCarthy returns to 'SNL' as SpicerMelissa McCarthy targets Spicer on 'SNL''SNL': Trump and Bannon call world leadersIconic presidential impressions'SNL' spoofs Kellyanne Conway with musicalAziz Ansari calls out Trump supportersOn 'SNL,' Putin brags about buying America'SNL' mocks Trump's press conferenceSee MoreMelissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean SpicerActress Melissa McCarthy made an appearance on "Saturday Night Live" to take on the role of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.Source: NBC/Broadway VideoMelissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean Spicer - CNN VideoBreaking NewsChat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.JUST WATCHEDMelissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean SpicerReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHMelissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean SpicerActress Melissa McCarthy made an appearance on "Saturday Night Live" to take on the role of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.Source: NBC/Broadway VideoWhen 'SNL' spoofs politics (15 Videos)Melissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean Spicer'Spicey' returns to 'SNL''SNL': Nothing matters anymore'Donald Trump' meets his supporters on 'SNL'Alec Baldwin pulls double duty on 'SNL'The Rock, Tom Hanks reveal 2020 campaignTrump confronts alien invaders on 'SNL'Watch 'SNL' spoof Sessions' tough weekMelissa McCarthy returns to 'SNL' as SpicerMelissa McCarthy targets Spicer on 'SNL''SNL': Trump and Bannon call world leadersIconic presidential impressions'SNL' spoofs Kellyanne Conway with musicalAziz Ansari calls out Trump supportersOn 'SNL,' Putin brags about buying America'SNL' mocks Trump's press conferenceSee MoreMelissa McCarthy channels an angry Sean SpicerActress Melissa McCarthy made an appearance on "Saturday Night Live" to take on the role of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.Source: NBC/Broadway Video


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















 






















Dr. Sean Mccarthy, MD | Baldwin Park, CA | Family Doctor























Professionals
doctorsttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr
dentists
podiatrists
chiropractors
optometrists




Facilities
pharmacies
nursing homes
urgent care
hospitals
group practices




Patient Education
care guides
well informed center




corporate
about us
SmartShopper
VitalsChoice
advertise with us
careers





















Find






Location








Menu











            Dr. Sean Mccarthy MD


phone number
read reviews






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. Sean Mccarthy
Is this you?


                                Update your information here.
                            





The Vitals website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through Vitals should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. Vitals does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Service.








ADVERTISEMENT























Dr. Sean Mccarthy MD 







Family Medicine Baldwin Park, CA



read reviews
phone number









summary
patient reviews
locations & directions
insurances
credentials







Patient Reviews
Reviews reflect patients' level of satisfaction with the care they received from this provider. Dr. Sean Mccarthy xhas an overall rating of 2.6.







2.6
 








5 patient ratings2 comments


Last 12 months:

▼ 1.0
                                            (-1.6)
                                                                                





Have you seen Dr. Sean Mccarthy before? 



write a review read reviews





About
Dr. Sean Mccarthy, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Baldwin Park, CA, with another office in San Dimas, CA. He has 18 years of experience. His specialties include Family Medicine.                    Dr. Mccarthy is affiliated with                            Baldwin Park Medical Center,                            Long Beach Memorial Medical Center and                            Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center.
                 He speaks English.



                            6
                        

Awards








                              Patients rate and review their physicians based on criteria of care including bedside manner, doctor-patient face time, and degree of follow-up. Patients also provide their doctor with an overall ratings. Vitals analyzes these ratings annually, along with other quality measures, to identify and award the top physicians.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Language

                                Find out the languages this doctor/ or staff may speak.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Education

                                Learn where this doctor attended medical school.
                            
View all









ADVERTISEMENT








Specialties & ExpertiseDr. Sean Mccarthy has the following 12 areas of expertise,  1 specialty and 1 board certification.                     Family Medicine
    A family practitioner is a doctor who specializes in caring for people of all ages, at all stages of life. Rather than focusing on the treatment of one disease or patient population, family practitioners are often the doctors that people see for their everyday ailments, like cold and flu or respiratory infections, and health screenings. When necessary, family practitioners will provide referrals for conditions that require the expertise of another specialist.


    The doctors may also provide physicals, inoculations, prenatal care, treat chronic diseases, like diabetes and asthma, and provide advice on disease prevention.




                                12
                            

Expertise

                                    See areas of expertise for treating specific conditions, procedures and surgeries for this doctor.
                                
View all






                                1
                            

Board Certification

                                  See the board certifications this doctor has received. Board certifications provide confidence that this doctor meets the nationally recognized standards for education, knowledge and experience.                                
View all









ADVERTISEMENT











Health Guides






Type 2 Diabetes


Type 2 diabetes is a chronic disease in which your body is unable to maintain a normal blood sugar (glucose) level.

view care guide





more health guides


Birth Control
Binge Eating Disorder
Eating Disorders
Flu
Food Allergy
GERD
Gout
Home Allergies
Chronic Idiopathic Constipation








Locations & Directions











Baldwin Park Medical Center
1011 Baldwin Park Blvd
Baldwin Park, CA 91706

Phone Number
Get Directions














San Dimas Medical Offices
1255 W Arrow Hwy
San Dimas, CA 91773

Get Directions







Nearby Doctors Dr. Sean Mccarthy, MD is similar to these 3 Doctors near Baldwin Park, CA.






Dr. Arturo Vargas 



Baldwin Park, CA


5.0 











View Profile







Dr. Jorge Vargas 



Baldwin Park, CA


5.0 











View Profilettcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr







Dr. Madhu Garg 



Baldwin Park, CA


5.0 











View Profile












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT
















Have you visited Dr. Sean Mccarthy
Share your experience










By clicking a star above, I agree to the Terms of Use and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue






 
Home
>            
Find a Family Doctor
>            
CA
>            
Baldwin Park Family Physicians
>            Dr. Sean Mccarthy, MD  






ADVERTISEMENT





















