




Terry D. McCallister - Washington Gas




















Skip navigation







En Español
Pay Bill

Search


Submit



Search

Submit


Menu








TERRY D. MCCALLISTER







Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, WGL Holdings, Inc. and Washington Gas
Terry D. McCallister is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WGL Holdings, Inc. and Washington Gas, positions he has held since October 1, 2009. Mr. McCallister previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer of WGL and Washington Gas (2001-2009); Mr. McCallister joined Washington Gas in April 2000 as Vice President of Operations. He was previously with Southern Natural Gas, where he served as Vice President and Director of Operations and with Atlantic Richfield Company, where he held various leadership positions. Mr. McCallister serves on the Board of Directors of the American Gas Association and was Chairman in 2015. He is a past Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Southern Gas Association and is currently Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Gas Technology Institute. Mr. McCallister serves on the National Petroleum Council. He also serves on the boards of several business and community organizations, including, among others, the Greater Washington Board of Trade, where he is chair-elect, the Alliance to Save Energy, the Smithsonian National Zoo, the National Symphony Orchestra (President) and the INOVA Health System Foundation (Chairman).
Mr. McCallister has a B.S. degree in Engineering Management from the University of Missouri-Rolla and is a graduate of the University of Virginia's Darden School of Business Executive Program.
 
            










WGL Holdings, Inc. - Executive Leadership
























   


Contact
Careers
Site Map
WGL Answers




   ABOUT WGL HOLDINGS NEWS CENTER INVESTOR RELATIONS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   






Board of Directors


Executive Leadership


Board Committees


Committee Charters
Code of Conduct


Governance Guidelines


Corporate Bylaws


Articles of Incorporation


Insider Transactions








Print page

E-mail page



Home > 
		Corporate Governance > 
		
		Executive Leadership

Executive Leadership

Display all Bios

 show all
 hide all




 Terry D. McCallisterChairman and Chief Executive Officer


 
	Terry D. McCallister is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of WGL Holdings, Inc., the parent company of Washington Gas. He also serves as Chairman and CEO of Washington Gas, the natural gas utility serving over 1,000,000 customers in the Washington area and surrounding region.

	Mr. McCallister joined Washington Gas in April 2000 as Vice President of Gas Transportation. In that position, he was responsible for Field Operations, Facilities Support Services, and Construction and Technical Support. Mr. McCallister came to Washington Gas from Southern Natural Gas Company, where he served as Vice President and Director of Operations and Environmental, Health and Safety. Before that, he worked for Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO). At ARCO, he held various positions including Vice-President and Director of Operations, Engineering, and Environmental, Health and Safety.

	Mr. McCallister is active in the natural gas industry and the community. He serves on the Leadership Council of the American Gas Association and is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Additionally, he is on the Board of Directors of the Southern Gas Association, the Gas Technology Institute, the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Washington, the Greater Washington Board of Trade, the Virginia Chamber of Commerce, Northern Virginia Family Services, the National Symphony Orchestra, and the INOVA Health System Foundation.

	Mr. McCallister is a graduate of University of Missouri-Rolla where he received a Bachelor of Science in Engineering Management.

	He and his wife Susan live in Alexandria, Virginia.



 Adrian P. ChapmanPresident and Chief Operating Officer


 

		Adrian P. Chapman is President & Chief Operating Officer of WGL Holdings, Inc., and Washington Gas.

		 

		He is responsible for all aspects of the regulated utility including operations, customer service, engineering, construction, field operations, safety, rates, gas acquisition, information technology and human resources activities. He serves on the board of directors for several wholly owned subsidiaries of WGL Holdings, Inc.

		 

		Prior to being elected President and COO on October 1, 2009, Mr. Chapman served as the Vice President of Operations, Regulatory Affairs & Energy Acquisition for Washington Gas. He has worked for Washington Gas for 34 years in various capacities including Manager of Interruptible Customer Sales, Manager of Economic Analysis and Director of Regulatory Affairs. 

		 

		Mr. Chapman is on the Board of Directors of the Southern Gas Association, is a member of the Leadership Council of the American Gas Association and past chair of the AGA Rate and Strategic Issues Committee. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Virginia Early Childhood Foundation, the Community Foundation of Northern Virginia, the Governor of Maryland’s Workforce Investment Board and past Chairman of the Board of LEAD Virginia and a graduate of the LEAD Virginia Class of 2006, a statewide leadership program. Mr. Chapman is also the Goodwill of Greater Washington Board Chair and past Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Fairfax County Virginia Chamber of Commerce.

		 

		He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the College of William and Mary in Virginia and his Master of Arts degree in Economics from George Mason University.


	 



 Vincent L. Ammann, Jr.Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


 
	Vincent L. Ammann, Jr., is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for WGL Holdings, Inc. and Washington Gas Light Co. He is responsible for the administration and supervision of all financial functions including accounting, taxes, investor relations, risk management and treasury management.

	A Detroit, Michigan, native, Mr. Ammann holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from The University of Michigan, and an M.B.A. from the University of Connecticut. He began his career in the Detroit office of Deloitte Haskins & Sells (currently, Deloitte & Touche). He was later assigned to the firm's Washington, D.C.-based Public Utilities Services Group which provided research and consulting services to industry clients.

	Since leaving Deloitte in 1990, Mr. Ammann has held a number of key leadership positions with public utilities. In addition to serving as Vice President, Accounting, for Connecticut Energy Corp., the parent company for Southern Connecticut Gas Co., Mr. Ammann lead a number of administrative departments at the utility and a non-regulated technology affiliate. After Energy East acquired Connecticut Energy and a neighboring gas utility company, Connecticut Natural Gas Corp., he was named Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration, for both utilities.

	Mr. Ammann joined Washington Gas in 2004 as Assistant to the Chief Financial Officer and was elected to the office of Vice President in 2005. He was elected Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2006. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is Chairman of the American Gas Association Finance Committee. He is married, has three children, and resides in Northern Virginia.
	 



 Douglas I. BonawitzVice President and Treasurer





 William R. FordVice President and Chief Accounting Officer


 
	William R. Ford is Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. He is responsible for overseeing the financial accounting and reporting functions for the companies.

	 

	Mr. Ford has been with Washington Gas since June of 2005. From 2009-2010 he served as Assistant Controller of WGL Holdings, Inc. and Washington Gas Light Company and prior to that had various managerial responsibilities in the Controller's organization.

	 

	Mr. Ford is a native of California where he started his career with Pacific Gas and Electric Company in 1981 and held various positions in accounting and finance primarily at PG&E Corporation's interstate pipeline company. Prior to joining Washington Gas, Mr. Ford was Controller and Chief Accounting Officer with National Energy and Gas Transmission, Inc., a former subsidiary of PG&E Corporation.

	 

	Mr. Ford holds a Bachelor of Science in Business with concentrations in Accounting and Finance from California State University, Sacramento and an MBA from the University of Maryland, College Park. He is a Certified Public Accountant, and is a member of the Maryland Association of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He serves as the Chair of the American Gas Association Accounting Advisory Council. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Strathmore Hall Foundation as the Treasurer.

	 

	Mr. Ford is married, has two sons and lives in Potomac, Maryland.



 Luanne S. GutermuthSenior Vice President, Shared Services and Chief Human Resource Officer


 
	Luanne Gutermuth was elected Senior Vice President, Shared Services and Chief Human Resource Officer for WGL and Washington Gas effective October 1, 2014. Previously, she held the position of Vice President, Human Resources & Organization Development for Washington Gas. In her role as SVP, Shared Services, Ms. Gutermuth leads key corporate functions across WGL, including Rates & Regulatory Affairs, Information Technology, Procurement, Public Policy, Human Resources, Organizational Effectiveness and the Business Transformation Office. As CHRO she is responsible for developing and implementing a human capital strategy that supports the company’s overall business objectives.  

	 

	Ms. Gutermuth joined Washington Gas in 1998, and since then has held leadership positions in several functions across the company, including business planning, organization development, business process improvement and customer service. Prior to joining Washington Gas, Ms. Gutermuth gained broad leadership experience in a number of industries, including health care and energy. 

	 

	Ms. Gutermuth received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the College of William & Mary and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Maryland. She also completed the Organization Development certificate program at Georgetown University.

	 

	Ms. Gutermuth is a member of the Mid-Atlantic Board of Directors for INROADS, the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce Board and Executive Committee, the Southern Gas Association Executive Council and is a founding member of the Community Foundation for Northern Virginia’s Business Women’s Giving Circle. She also is affiliated with the American Gas Association and LEAD VIRGINIA. An active member of the community, she participates in Washington Gas’ community service activities and has served in volunteer leadership positions in local nonprofit organizations. Ms. Gutermuth lives with her husband and three children in Annandale, Virginia.

	 



Dr. Louis J. Hutchinson, IIIVice President and Chief Revenue Officer


 
	Dr. Louis J. Hutchinson, III is Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer for WGL and Washington Gas.  In this role, he is responsible for Sales, Marketing and Corporate Communications for WGL, WGL Energy and Washington Gas, as well as building an integrated business platform that enables WGL to compete more effectively and to create and capture more market opportunities, leveraging the entirety of WGL’s portfolio in order to achieve sustainable and long term growth. 

	 

	In his position as Chief Revenue Officer, Dr. Hutchinson leads all enterprise-wide revenue initiatives, including the implementation of WGL’s brand strategy and oversight of its deployment across all associated business functions consistent with applicable laws and regulations. He has also assumed responsibility for positioning WGL externally in target markets to drive growth and achieve earnings objectives. This includes implementing business development initiatives that demonstrate the value WGL delivers to its customers, shareholders and stakeholders. 

	 

	Prior to joining WGL, Dr. Hutchinson served as Officer and Senior Vice President of Public Sector, Energy Efficiency, at Constellation, a subsidiary of Exelon. In this role, Dr. Hutchinson was responsible for starting and then growing revenue generation of Constellation's Retail Public Sector and Energy Efficiency efforts, demonstrated by a successful increase of $1.2M in revenue generation to $6Billion annually in just 5 Years. 

	 

	Before becoming a part of the Constellation team, Dr. Hutchinson was CEO & President of Crunchy Technologies, which developed accessible packaged software products and custom applications for commercial, educational and government clients.  Crunchy's professional services team architected and built secure, accessible e-business and e-government applications and systems.  Dr. Hutchinson oversaw the operations and general management of 65 employees at multiple locations, prior to the sale of Crunchy to IBM in August of 2005 for IP integration throughout IBM’s development software tools for global distribution.

	 

	Dr. Hutchinson also held executive positions at Netscape Communications and Powersoft Corporation before forming Crunchy Technologies.  In 2014 Dr. Hutchinson was chosen as one of the Top 100 Most Influential Blacks in Corporate America by Savoy Magazine.  He is a member of the Executive Leadership Council and he is also a member of the Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity. 

	 

	Dr. Hutchinson received his undergraduate degree from The George Washington University, earning a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Statistics. He continued his education at Wesley Theological Seminary, where he graduated summa cum laude with a Doctorate of Theology and magna cum laude with a Masters of Divinity.



 Richard MooreVice President and Corporate Development Officer


 
	Mr. Moore is responsible for delivering strategic growth through new technologies and market entry, strategic relationships, complex deal structures, and M&A. He evaluates opportunities in natural gas, including transportation pipelines, distribution, and storage, as well as in solar PV, solar thermal, wind, biogas, fuel cell, combined heat and power, and energy efficiency in markets across the United States. 

	 

	Mr. Moore is also responsible for the development and management of WGL's corporate strategy, and for aligning WGL affiliates with the company’s overall acquisition, new energy technology, and market entry objectives.

	 

	He joined Washington Gas in 2004 and has served in many roles, including leading the Program Management Office, Business Process Outsourcing transitions, and most recently was the Chief Operating Officer of WGL Energy Services, the WGL affiliate supplying electricity, natural gas and green energy options to commercial and residential customers in the Mid-Atlantic.

	 

	Mr. Moore brings broad strategy, program management, and entrepreneurial expertise to WGL, gained through senior management experience at Accenture, as well as new market development for Time Warner International in Central Europe, where he served as the first Country Manager for Czechoslovakia.

	 

	Mr. Moore received an executive Master of Business Administration degree from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, a Bachelor of Arts from Middlebury College, and a General Course certificate from the London School of Economics. He sits on the Board of Directors of American Solar Direct and the Investment Advisory Board of the Center for Innovative Technology, and is a member of the Lead Virginia leadership program.



 Anthony M. NeeVice President, Strategy, Business Development, and Non-Utility Operations


 
	Anthony M. Nee is Vice President, Strategy, Business Development, and Non-Utility Operations, and President of WGL Midstream, Inc. As President of WGL Midstream, Inc. Mr. Nee oversees the company's infrastructure investments.

	Mr. Nee joined Washington Gas in 2003, overseeing compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley requirements and the energy risk management function. He also was responsible for the management of the insurance function.

	Mr. Nee is a native of Pittsburgh, where he started his career as a CPA, spending 10 years in Public Accounting. After leaving the Pittsburgh office of Arthur Young, he began a 25-year career in the natural gas and electric power industries. During that time, he held increasingly responsible roles in internal audit, controls management and risk management.

	Mr. Nee is a graduate of The Pennsylvania State University where he earned a B.S. in Accounting. He is a member of the Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

	Mr. Nee has two sons. He is married and resides in Alexandria, Virginia.



 Leslie T. ThorntonSenior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary


 
	Leslie T. Thornton is the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of WGL Holdings, Inc. and Washington Gas where she is responsible for developing, coordinating, and providing legal advice and counsel to WGL and all its subsidiaries on matters including, but not limited to, litigation, regulatory affairs, business transactions, employment and labor law, employee benefits, executive compensation, ethics, compliance, cyber-threats/cyber-security, mergers and acquisitions, and crisis management, among others.  At the chairman’s request, Ms. Thornton serves on WGL's Strategy Council, Risk Management Committee, Anti-Fraud Committee, and SOX Management Committee.  An NACD Board Leadership Fellow, Ms. Thornton has also served on the board directors of Career Education Corporation for over ten years chairing the Compliance Committee and serving on Nominating & Governance.  She was Lead Independent Director from 2011-2013; currently she continues her chair and also sits on the Audit Committee.

	 

	Prior to joining WGL, Ms. Thornton was as a partner at Dickstein Shapiro LLP and Patton Boggs, LLP.  At Dickstein, Ms. Thornton conducted and managed sensitive, high-level internal corporate, federal government, and state attorney general investigations.  At Patton Boggs, Ms. Thornton advised and represented clients before regulatory agencies and helped support their strategic efforts before Congress and the White House. Beginning with the Presidential Transition of 1992 and until 2000, Ms. Thornton served in the Clinton Administration where she worked with U.S. Secretary of Education Richard W. Riley, first as Deputy Chief of Staff and Counselor, and then as Chief of Staff.  During her nearly eight years, Ms. Thornton was selected by the White House in 1995 to serve on the President's White House Budget Working Group when the government shut down, and in 1996 she served in a senior role on Mr. Clinton's presidential debate team. Holding a top secret clearance, Ms. Thornton was also her agency’s representative for the Continuity of Operations of Government program.

	 

	Ms. Thornton is often a requested speaker on directorship, general counsel practice, diversity and cyber security issues, and has been widely published in newspapers and other outlets including the Boston Globe, Wall Street Journal, and Legal Times/National Law Journal.  She co-authors a treatise chapter on data privacy and cybersecurity in the Thomson Reuters/West Law series entitled Successful Partnering Between Inside and Outside Counsel.  This year, Ms. Thornton completed her LL.M. in National Security Law at Georgetown Law, received MCCA's Innovator Award, Savoy Magazine’s top 300 Directors recognition and InsideCounsel's Transformative Leadership "Catalyst for Change Award.”  In addition, Ms. Thornton’s legal department won the 2016 Community Service Award, the Board of Directors of ACC National Capital Region.  Ms. Thornton received her B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and her J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center. 







   ABOUT WGL HOLDINGS, INC. WGL Holdings, Inc. is a public utility holding company and the parent company of Washington Gas, WGL Energy, WGL Midstream and Hampshire Gas. Our calling as a company is to make energy surprisingly easy—for our employees, for our community and for all our customers. WGL is here to provide Energy Answers. Ask Us.
 Visit WGL   CONTACT US To learn more about our company, inquire on WGL Holdings subsidiary offerings or for investor or media questions, please feel free to get in touch with us. Contact Us   
   Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Careers Site Map  ©2017 WGL Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved  







Terry D. McCallister, Pres., COO, WGL Holdings Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Terry McCallister 





 


Terry McCallister

 

Pres., COO - WGL Holdings Inc.

 


Terry McCallister Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
WGL Holdings Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.wglholdings.com 

 

Company Address : 
101 Constitution Ave. NW, Washington, DC,United States, 


 


Terry McCallister Profile :
Pres., COO - WGL Holdings Inc. 

 


Terry McCallister Biography :


Terry D. McCallister was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of WGL Holdings Inc. and Washington Gas Light Company effective October 1 2001. Mr. McCallister joined Washington Gas in April 2000 as Vice President of Gas Transportation. In that position he was responsible for Field Operations Facilities Support Services and Construction and Technical Support.Mr. McCallister came to Washington Gas from Southern Natural Gas Company where he served as Vice President and Director of Operations and Environmental Health and Safety. Before that he worked for Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO). At ARCO he held various positions including Vice-President and Director of Operations Engineering and Environmental Health and Safety.Mr. McCallister is active in the natural gas industry and the community. He serves on the Leadership Council of the American Gas Association and is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Additionally he is on the Board of Directors of the Southern Gas Association the Gas Technology Institute the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Washington the Greater Washington Board of Trade the Virginia Chamber of Commerce Northern Virginia Family Services the National Symphony Orchestra and the INOVA Health System Foundation.Mr. McCallister is a graduate of University of Missouri-Rolla where he received a Bachelor of Science in Engineering Management. 

 


Terry McCallister Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Michael Barnes 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Melvyn Estrin 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


George Clancy 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


James Dyke 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


James Degraffenreidt 
Chmn., CEO 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.





Terry D. McCallister: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 3:55 AM ET
Gas Utilities

Company Overview of WGL Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Terry D. McCallister  Chairman, CEO, Chairman of Washington Gas Light Company and CEO of Washington Gas Light Company, WGL Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships62$6,306,219As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Terry D. McCallister has been the Chief Executive Officer of WGL Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary, Washington Gas Light Company since October 1, 2009. Mr. McCallister served as the President and Chief Operating Officer for WGL Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary, Washington Gas Light Company from October 1, 2001 to October 1, 2009. He served as Vice President of Gas Transportation of WGL Holdings Inc. since June 28, 2000 and also served as its Vice President of Operations ... since April 3, 2000. Mr. McCallister served as Vice President of Operations and Gas Transportation of Washington Gas Light Co. since June 28, 2000 and also served as its Vice President of Operations since joining it on April 3, 2000. He was responsible for field operations, facilities support services and construction and technical support. He is active in the natural gas industry and the community. He was employed by Southern Natural Gas Company, a subsidiary of Sonat, Inc., where he served as Vice President of Operations and Environmental Health and Safety and Director of Operations. Mr. McCallister served at Atlantic Richfield Company in various leadership positions, including Vice President and Director of Operations, Engineering and Environmental, Health and Safety. He has been the Chairman of the Board at WGL Holdings Inc., and its subsidiary, Washington Gas Light Co. since October 1, 2009. He serves as the Chairman of Greater Washington Board of Trade  and Gas Technology Institute. He serves as a Director of Greater Washington Board of Trade and Gas Technology Institute. He is Vice Chairman of the Board of the Southern Gas Association. He serves on the Leadership Council and Director of the American Gas Association. He is a Member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers and Member of the Board of Directors of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Washington, the Virginia Chamber of Commerce, Northern Virginia Family Services, the National Symphony Orchestra and the INOVA Health System Foundation. He also serves on the boards of several business and community organizations, including among others. Mr. McCallister is a graduate of the University of Missouri-Rolla and received a Bachelor of Science in Engineering Management and is graduate of the Darden Business School Executive Program.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
101 Constitution Avenue NWWashington, District Of Columbia 20080United StatesPhone: 703-750-2000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Chairman and DirectorGas Technology InstituteDirectorAmerican Gas AssociationChairmanGreater Washington Board of Trade2009-PresentChairman, CEO, Chairman of Washington Gas Light Company and CEO of Washington Gas Light CompanyWGL Holdings, Inc.2009-PresentChairman & CEOWashington Gas Light Company
Education
Unknown/Other Education University of VirginiaBS University of Missouri, Rolla
Other Affiliations
Atlantic Richfield Company, Inc.Gas Technology InstituteSouthern Natural Gas Company, L.L.C.Washington Gas Light CompanyUniversity of VirginiaAmerican Gas AssociationGreater Washington Board of TradeUniversity of Missouri, Rolla


Annual Compensation
Salary$849,000Total Annual Compensation$849,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$2,161,740All Other Compensation$31,309
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,873,309Total Short Term Compensation$849,000Other Long Term Compensation$2,193,049Total Calculated Compensation$6,306,219




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJohn P. Hester President, CEO & DirectorSouthwest Gas Holdings, Inc.$949.3KJerry E. Sheridan CEO of AmeriGas Propane Inc, President of AmeriGas Propane Inc and Director of AmeriGas Propane IncAmeriGas Partners, L.P.$541.1KCarl L. Chapman Chair of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentVectren Corporation$908.3KBradley C. Barron Chief Executive Officer of NuStar GP LLC, President of NuStar GP LLC and Director of NuStar GP LLCNuStar Energy L.P.$557.5KWouter T. van Kempen Chairman of DCP Midstream GP LLC, CEO of DCP Midstream GP LLC and President of DCP Midstream GP LLCDCP Midstream, LP--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact WGL Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Terry Dwight McCallister - Alexandria, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Terry Dwight Mccallister in Alexandria, VA


Terry Dwight Mccallister

                                                                           Intelius found that Terry Dwight McCallister  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Alexandria, VA.  We have connected them to
                17 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

T D Mccallister


Get Report Now

Age

Terry Dwight Mccallister is in his 60s

Terry Has Lived In

Alexandria, VA
Springfield, VA
Washington, DC

Terry's Relatives

Susan McCallister
Suzanne McCallister







Terry Dwight Mccallister



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Washington Gas Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Terry? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Terry, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Terry Dwight Mccallister
Get a Criminal Check on Terry Dwight Mccallister
Get a Public Record Report on Terry Dwight Mccallister
Get a People Search Report on Terry Dwight Mccallister


Terry Dwight Mccallister's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Terry Dwight Mccallister has lived as well as Terry Dwight Mccallister's phone numbers and email addresses.




Terry Dwight Mccallister Has Lived in 6 States
Virginia Address for Terry Dwight Mccallister


6011 G**** D* 

Alexandria, VA


Has Lived In

Alexandria, VA
Springfield, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Terry Dwight Mccallister

(541) ***-**** - Gold Beach, OR 
(703) ***-****
(703) ***-**** - Springfield, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Terry Dwight Mccallister

t**********r@***.org
t**************r@***.org


Get Email Report




Terry Dwight Mccallister's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Terry Dwight Mccallister's academic history.  Find out which schools Terry Dwight Mccallister attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Terry Dwight Mccallister received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Terry Dwight Mccallister Has Attended 4 Schools
University of Virginia - Darden Graduate School of Business Administration 
University of Virginia                                             
University of Missouri-Rolla                              Terry Dwight Mccallister has a Bachelor of Science in Engineering Management               
University of Missouri-Rolla                              Terry Dwight Mccallister has a Bachelor's degree in Engineering Management               


Terry Dwight Mccallister's Professional Information
Information regarding Terry Dwight Mccallister's professional history.  Find out previous places Terry Dwight Mccallister has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Terry Dwight Mccallister Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: Washington Gas Company
               Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Company: WGL Holdings, Inc.
               Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Terry Dwight Mccallister's Experience
Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Washington Gas Company
Job Details
               Washington Gas is a regulated subsidiary of WGL Holdings, Inc., a public utility holding company. The unregulated affiliates of WGL Holdings are in energy-related businesses, selling natural gas and electric in competitive markets, and providing heating, ventilating and air-conditioning products and services. Washington Gas has a long record of financial strength. Our vision is to become the retail energy company of choice by achieving excellence for customers, investors and employees. As either WGL Holdings or Washington Gas, the company has paid dividends on common stock for more than 150 years and increased that dividend for the past 31 consecutive years. Washington Gas is an active, concerned member of the business community and participates in numerous community service programs, focused on health, education, and the environment.
Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: WGL Holdings, Inc.
Job Details
               WGL Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: WGL), headquartered in Washington, D.C., is a leading source for clean, efficient and diverse energy solutions. With activities and assets across the U.S., WGL consists of Washington Gas, WGL Energy, WGL Midstream and Hampshire Gas. WGL provides options for natural gas, electricity, green power and energy services, including generation, storage, transportation, distribution, supply and efficiency. Our calling as a company is to make energy surprisingly easy for our employees, our community and all our customers. Whether you are a homeowner or renter, small business or multinational corporation, state and local or federal agency, WGL is here to provide Energy Answers.
Additional Professional Information on Terry Dwight Mccallister

 See Terry Dwight Mccallister's LinkedIn Profile



Terry Dwight Mccallister's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Terry Dwight Mccallister


Terry Dwight Mccallister's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Terry Dwight Mccallister's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Terry McCallister
Username Matches

                  TerryMcCallister
                  McCallisterTerry
                  Terry.McCallister
                  McCallister.Terry
                  Terry_McCallister
                  McCallister_Terry
                  Terry-McCallister
                  McCallister-Terry
                  TMcCallister
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T McCallister







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.












Terry D. McCallister , WGL Holdings, Inc. - Leadership Profiles































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Terry D. McCallister  Leadership® Profile
Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerWGL Holdings, Inc.
Telephone, Email, Address, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 13

Career History includes:
Board Member,  Alliance to Save Energy, Board of Directors , (2009-2017) 
(17 additional careers available)
Networking Information:
(1 additional affiliated positions)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Terry D. McCallister 's profile is included with a subscription to any of these Leadership® Online products:
Leadership® Nonprofits Premium Leadership® Federal Insight The Leadership Library® Leadership® Companies Premium Leadership® Federal Premium Leadership Networks® Leadership® Federal


About Leadership Directories

Leadership Directories [LDI] researches and offers in-depth profiles of more than 750,000 decision-makers at 150,000 leading organizations across the U.S. public and private sectors – available online; in print; on demand; or as lists, datafeeds, or custom solutions.Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            








403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.








 






EY Announces Terry D. McCallister, WGL Chairman & CEO, EY Entrepreneur Of The Year™ 2014 Award Finalist in Greater Washington | Washington Gas - Newsroom




































Login


Skip navigation








Pay Bill

Search



Submit





Search



Submit



Menu







Newsroom
Press ReleasesBusiness Development
Community
Education
Financial

Multimedia
Contact Us
 


Search




Search this site: 











EY Announces Terry D. McCallister, WGL Chairman & CEO, EY Entrepreneur Of The Year™ 2014 Award Finalist in Greater Washington






    Friday, May 16, 2014 8:30 am EDT  



      Dateline:          




                    WASHINGTON        






EmailPDFPrintRSS 



      Public Company Information:          




NYSE:WGL 







  "Every day, WGL companies work to find better uses of nature’s        resources, by making clean energy more widely available for the benefit        of customers, communities and the environment, building a stronger,        safer and more sustainable future" 



WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--EY today announced that Terry D. McCallister, Chairman & CEO of WGL, is        a finalist for the EY Entrepreneur Of The Year™ 2014 Award in Greater        Washington. The awards program recognizes entrepreneurs who demonstrate        excellence and extraordinary success in such areas as innovation,        financial performance and personal commitment to their businesses and        communities. Mr. McCallister was selected as a finalist by a panel of        independent judges. Award winners will be announced at a special gala        event on Thursday, June 19, at the Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner, Va.             “Every day, WGL companies work to find better uses of nature’s        resources, by making clean energy more widely available for the benefit        of customers, communities and the environment, building a stronger,        safer and more sustainable future,” said Mr. McCallister. “It’s a true        honor to be included as part of this class of forward and innovative        thinkers.”             Through its affiliates and strategic relationships, WGL offers a diverse        set of energy sources including natural gas, wind, and solar, as well as        a range of energy solutions – generation, storage, transportation,        distribution, supply, and efficiency – which serve customers in more        than 25 states.             Regional award winners are eligible for consideration for the EY        Entrepreneur Of The Year National program. Award winners in several        national categories, as well as the EY Entrepreneur Of The Year National        Overall Award winner, will be announced at the annual awards gala in        Palm Springs, California, on November 15, 2014. The awards are the        culminating event of the EY Strategic Growth Forum®, the nation’s most        prestigious gathering of high-growth, market-leading companies.             Now in its 28th year, the program has expanded to recognize business        leaders in more than 145 cities in more than 60 countries throughout the        world.       About WGL         Headquartered in Washington, D.C., WGL Holdings, Inc. [NYSE:WGL] is a        leading source for clean and efficient energy solutions. WGL has five        main operating units: Washington Gas Light Company, a regulated natural        gas utility serving approximately 1.1 million customers in the        metropolitan Washington, D.C. area; Washington Gas Energy Services,        Inc., one of the largest natural gas, electricity and green energy        suppliers in the Mid-Atlantic; Washington Gas Energy Systems, Inc., a        distributed generation and energy efficiency business, offering solar,        fuel cell, combined heat and power, and other technologies across the        United States; WGL Midstream, a wholesale energy solutions business,        investing in and optimizing natural gas pipelines and storage facilities        in the Midwest and Eastern United States; and Hampshire Gas, a natural        gas storage business which owns and operates facilities in and around        Hampshire County, West Virginia. As product and service innovation are        critical for value creation and sustaining growth, we are continuously        increasing our assets and investments in targeted clean energy sectors.        This strategy supports WGL’s core business, as well as provides        opportunity for growth through partnerships and investments. WGL’s        diversity is its strength. We are dedicated to the sustainability of our        business, the customers and communities we serve, and the environment.        To learn more, visit www.wglholdings.com.       About EY Entrepreneur Of The Year™         EY Entrepreneur Of The Year™ is the world’s most prestigious business        award for entrepreneurs. The unique award makes a difference through the        way it encourages entrepreneurial activity among those with potential        and recognizes the contribution of people who inspire others with their        vision, leadership and achievement. As the first and only truly global        award of its kind, Entrepreneur Of The Year celebrates those who are        building and leading successful, growing and dynamic businesses,        recognizing them through regional, national and global awards programs        in more than 145 cities in more than 60 countries.       About EY         EY is a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory        services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust        and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over.        We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to        all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in        building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for        our communities.             EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of        the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a        separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company        limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more        information about our organization, please visit ey.com.        








      Contact:          





       WGL Holdings, Inc.News MediaRuben        Rodriguez, 202-624-6620Financial        CommunityDouglas Bonawitz, 202-624-6129     
 























 






Terry D. McCallister Elected AGA Chairman | American Gas Association






















































Skip to main content


















HomeMy AGALog InJoinHelp       







 


Main menu

Knowledge CenterNatural Gas 101At A GlanceBenefits of Natural Gas Consumer InformationNatural Gas GlossaryAdditional ResourcesReports and StudiesBenchmarking and Market TrendsPerformance Benchmarks for Natural Gas UtilitiesConsumers, Demand and PricesEnergy Efficiency, Environment and Climate ChangeFuel Technology Research and DevelopmentSupply and PlanningUtility Operations and FinanceNon-AGA StudiesFacts and DataFact SheetsAmerican Gas Association OverviewStatisticsNatural Gas State ProfilesUtility RankingsAGA PublicationsF.O.I.S.Natural Gas Market IndicatorsSafety and OperationsSafetyPipeline SafetyPipeline and Informed Planning AllianceConsumer SafetyUnderground StorageSafety Information Resource CenterSecurityPhysical and CybersecurityPhysical SecurityCybersecurityWorkplace Violence PreventionOperationsAGA Technical PapersAnnual Employee Safety StatisticsEmergency PlanningEmergency Planning Resource CenterMutual Assistance DatabaseMember ResourcesAwardsOperations CommitteesOperations and Engineering Weekly NewsletterOperations Discussion GroupsAGA Peer Review ProgramBest Practices ProgramPlastic Piping Data Collection InitiativeCodes and StandardsANSI ASC GPTC Z380 - Gas Piping TechnologyANSI B109Building Codes and Standards NewsANSI Public ReviewsCodes and Standards Research ConsortiumNational Fuel Gas CodePolicy and IssuesAdvocacyAdvocacy PrioritiesDividend Tax AdvocacyGASPACLIHEAPEconomic GrowthThe Promise of Natural GasNatural Gas: Rewriting Our Energy FutureSupplyEnvironmentClimate and Energy PolicyEnergy EfficiencyEnvironmental PolicyNatural Gas EmissionsRenewable GasResponsible Natural Gas DevelopmentFederal RegulatoryFederal RegulatoryAccounting and FinanceAccountingFiscal ResponsibilityTaxesState Rates, Regulatory and LegislativeState LegislationRates and RegulatoryIssue Area CompendiumsTransportationNatural Gas VehiclesNatural Gas Fleet Savings CalculatorWorkforce DevelopmentEventsPast EventsUpcoming EventsNatural Gas RoundtableSponsorship OpportunitiesNewsroomNews ReleasesMultimediaAdvertisingCommunications and MarketingAbundant Affordable AmericanAmerican Gas MagazinePast IssuesAdvertiseSubscribeOrder ReprintsAmerican Gas Association PlaybookAbout UsOur MissionOur LeadershipCorporate GovernanceInvestor RelationsHennessy FundsStatistical Tools Financial AnalystsEnergy Industry Investor FundamentalsInvestor Relations CalendarInvestor Relations WebsitesOur MembersMember CommitteesCareers at AGAIndustry JobsAmerican Gas FoundationFueling the FutureGeorgetown University Energy Prize 




AGA Main Nav


Knowledge CenterNatural Gas 101At A Glance
Benefits of Natural Gas 
Consumer Information
Natural Gas Glossary
Additional Resources

Reports and StudiesBenchmarking and Market TrendsPerformance Benchmarks for Natural Gas Utilities

Consumers, Demand and Prices
Energy Efficiency, Environment and Climate Change
Fuel Technology Research and Development
Supply and Planning
Utility Operations and Finance
Non-AGA Studies

Facts and DataFact SheetsAmerican Gas Association Overview

Statistics
Natural Gas State Profiles
Utility Rankings

AGA Publications
F.O.I.S.
Natural Gas Market Indicators

Safety and OperationsSafetyPipeline SafetyPipeline and Informed Planning Alliance

Consumer Safety
Underground Storage
Safety Information Resource Center

SecurityPhysical and Cybersecurity
Physical Security
Cybersecurity
Workplace Violence Prevention

OperationsAGA Technical Papers
Annual Employee Safety Statistics

Emergency PlanningEmergency Planning Resource Center
Mutual Assistance Database

Member ResourcesAwards
Operations Committees
Operations and Engineering Weekly Newsletter
Operations Discussion Groups
AGA Peer Review Program
Best Practices Program
Plastic Piping Data Collection Initiative

Codes and StandardsANSI ASC GPTC Z380 - Gas Piping Technology
ANSI B109
Building Codes and Standards NewsANSI Public Reviews

Codes and Standards Research Consortium
National Fuel Gas Code


Policy and IssuesAdvocacyAdvocacy Priorities
Dividend Tax Advocacy
GASPAC
LIHEAP

Economic GrowthThe Promise of Natural Gas
Natural Gas: Rewriting Our Energy Future
Supply

EnvironmentClimate and Energy Policy
Energy Efficiency
Environmental Policy
Natural Gas Emissions
Renewable Gas
Responsible Natural Gas Development

Federal RegulatoryFederal Regulatory

Accounting and FinanceAccounting
Fiscal Responsibility
Taxes

State Rates, Regulatory and LegislativeState Legislation
Rates and Regulatory
Issue Area Compendiums

TransportationNatural Gas VehiclesNatural Gas Fleet Savings Calculator


Workforce Development

EventsPast Events
Upcoming Events
Natural Gas Roundtable
Sponsorship Opportunities

NewsroomNews Releases
Multimedia
AdvertisingCommunications and MarketingAbundant Affordable American


American Gas MagazinePast Issues
Advertise
Subscribe
Order Reprints

American Gas Association Playbook

About UsOur Mission
Our Leadership
Corporate Governance
Investor RelationsHennessy Funds
Statistical Tools Financial Analysts
Energy Industry Investor Fundamentals
Investor Relations Calendar
Investor Relations Websites

Our Members
Member Committees
Careers at AGA
Industry Jobs
American Gas FoundationFueling the Future
Georgetown University Energy Prize

















Search form

Search 








 





















Terry D. McCallister Elected AGA Chairman

Home / Newsroom / News Releases / Terry D. McCallister Elected AGA Chairman 






News Release 


September 30th, 2014 

 

                                                            Terry D. McCallister Elected AGA Chairman                                                    



Washington, D.C. – The American Gas Association (AGA) has announced that Terry D. McCallister has been elected to serve as Chairman of the AGA Board of Directors for 2015. Mr. McCallister is Chairman and CEO of WGL Holdings, Inc., and was elected alongside several other officers during AGA’s Annual Board of Directors Meeting in Newport Beach, Calif. on Tuesday, September 30, 2014.
“Terry’s deep experience and expertise will be a powerful guide for our organization as we continue to enhance the safety and reliability of natural gas delivery systems and define the role for this abundant domestic resource in a sustainable energy future,” said AGA President and CEO Dave McCurdy. “As the head of a local natural gas utility based in our nation’s capital, Terry understands the intersection of national policy and local regulations that guide our member companies. He is an active leader in our industry and his community and I look forward to working with him in the coming year."
WGL Holdings, Inc. headquartered in Washington, D.C., provides natural gas service to more than one million residential, commercial, government and industrial customers in D.C., Maryland and Virginia.
Mr. McCallister was elected Chairman and CEO of WGL Holdings, Inc. and Washington Gas Light Company on October 1, 2009, after joining Washington Gas Light Company in 2000 as Vice President of Gas Transportation and later serving as President and Chief Operating Officer of WGL Holdings and Washington Gas. He serves on the Board of Directors of the Southern Gas Association, the Gas Technology Institute, the Greater Washington Board of Trade and the Alliance to Save Energy, and is a member of the Economic Club of Washington and the Virginia Business Council.
McCallister participates in a number of community and charitable initiatives. He is a member of the National Zoo Advisory Board, Chairman of the INOVA Hospital Foundation in Va., and past Chairman of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington and Northern Virginia Family Services.
McCallister graduated from University of Missouri-Rolla, where he received a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Management. He is also a graduate of the University of Virginia Darden Business School Executive Program. AGA’s other board officers for 2015 will be: First Vice Chairman Ralph A. LaRossa, President & COO, Public Service Electric and Gas Co. (Newark, N.J.); Second Vice Chairman Pierce H. Norton, II (President & CEO, ONE Gas, Inc. (Tulsa, OK); Dave McCurdy, President & CEO, AGA, and Immediate Past Chairman Gregg S. Kantor, President & CEO, NW Natural (Portland, OR).
AGA Board of Directors ElectedThe following executives will serve on the AGA Board of Directors effective January 1, 2015. Their names, titles, companies and corporate headquarters follow:
Craig L. Adams               President & CEO, PECO Energy, an Exelon Co. (Philadelphia, PA)Dennis V. Arriola             President & CEO, Southern California Gas Co. (Los Angeles, CA)Robert F. Beard               President & CEO, UGI Utilities, Inc. (Reading, PA)Lawrence T. Borgard       President & COO, Utilities, Integrys Energy Group (Green Bay, WI)  Carl L. Chapman              Chairman, President & CEO, Vectren Corp. (Evansville, IN)Kim R. Cocklin                 President & CEO, Atmos Energy Corp. (Dallas, TX)Laurence M. Downes       Chairman & CEO, New Jersey Resources (Wall, NJ)*Jeffrey E. DuBois             President, South Jersey Gas Co. (Folsom, NJ)Gordon L. Gillette            President, Tampa Electric and Peoples Gas (Tampa, FL)Kimberly J. Harris            President & CEO, Puget Sound Energy (Bellevue, WA)John P. Hester                 President, Southwest Gas Corp. (Las Vegas, NV)Glenn R. Jennings           Chairman, President & CEO, Delta Natural Gas Co., Inc. (Winchester, KY)Ronald W. Jibson            Chairman, President & CEO, Questar Corp. (Salt Lake City, UT)*Christopher P. Johns       President, Pacific Gas and Electric Co. (San Francisco, CA)Patricia L. Kampling        Chairman, President & CEO, Alliant Energy (Madison, WI)Thomas B. King               Executive Director & President, US, National Grid (Waltham, MA)Steven E. Kurmas            President & COO, DTE Energy (Detroit, MI)Kent T. Larson                 Group Vice President, Operations, Xcel Energy Inc. (Minneapolis, MN)James P. Laurito              President, Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corp. (Poughkeepsie, NY) Diane Leopold                  President, Dominion Energy (Richmond, VA)Richard J. Mark                Chairman, President & CEO, Ameren Illinois (Collinsville, IL)Kevin Marsh                     Chairman & CEO, SCANA (Cayce, SC)John McAvoy                    Chairman, President & CEO, Consolidated Edison, Inc. (New York, NY)Michael P. McMasters      President & CEO, Chesapeake Utilities Corp. (Dover, DE)K. Frank Morehouse         President & CEO, MDU Utilities Group (Bismarck, ND)Scott L. Morris                   Chairman, President & CEO, Avista Corp. (Spokane, WA)Michael Noone                  President & CEO, SourceGas (Golden, CO)Morgan K. O’Brien            President & CEO, Peoples Natural Gas (Pittsburgh, PA)Scott M. Prochazka           President & CEO, CenterPoint Energy (Houston, TX)Ian Robertson                   CEO, Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (Oakville, ON)John G. Russell                 President & CEO, CMS Energy Corp. (Jackson, MI)Suzanne Sitherwood         President & CEO, The Laclede Group, Inc. (St. Louis, MO)Robert C. Skaggs, Jr.        President & CEO, NiSource Inc. (Merrillville, IN)Thomas E. Skains             Chairman, President & CEO, Piedmont Natural Gas Co., Inc. (Charlotte, NC)Ronald J. Tanski                President & CEO, National Fuel Gas Co. (Williamsville, NY)John W. Somerhalder II     Chairman, President & CEO, AGL Resources (Atlanta, GA) 
Non-voting Advisory Directors:
Lonnie E. Bellar                  Vice President, Gas Distribution, LG&E-KU, PPL Companies (Louisville, KY)Doyle N. Beneby                 President & CEO, CPS Energy (San Antonio, TX)Julie A. Dill                          Chief Communications Officer, Spectra Energy (Houston, TX) 
David R. Emery                    Chairman, President & CEO, Black Hills Corp. (Rapid City, SD)William J. Fehrman              President & CEO, MidAmerican Energy Co. (Des Moines, IA)James P. Torgerson            President & CEO, UIL Holdings (New Haven, CT)Craig E. White                     President & CEO, Philadelphia Gas Works (Philadelphia, PA)
*Ex-officio
                                                                          ###The American Gas Association, founded in 1918, represents more than 200 local energy companies that deliver clean natural gas throughout the United States. There are more than 71 million residential, commercial and industrial natural gas customers in the U.S., of which 94 percent — over 68 million customers — receive their gas from AGA members. Today, natural gas meets almost one-fourth of the United States' energy needs.

Categories: 


Operations 




 


















  
AGA CONTACTS
Jennifer O'SheaVice President, CommunicationsPhone: (202) 824-7023Email: joshea@aga.org
Jake RubinDirector, Public RelationsPhone: (202) 824-7027Email: jrubin@aga.org





Related Items
 

  









 

Natural Gas Efficiency Programs (2015 Program Year)




Awareness of the energy economy has steadily grown beyond the purview of business and public policy.  Economic and environmental concerns have become increasingly important drivers of consumer decisions about energy.  With this has come heightened attention to the potential for energy efficiency to moderate consumer cost increases, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and enhance energy security.  For natural gas utilities, investing in energy efficiency programs presents an opportunity to achieve these objectives and benefit the communities they serve. 






Environment,       

Operations,       

Policy, Rates and Regulatory 



Read more about Natural Gas Efficiency Programs (2015 Program Year)
 
 





 Event 

6.13.2017 - 6.15.2017 

 

Gas Utility Operations Best Practices Follow-Up Meeting, June 13-15, 2017, Boston, MA




The AGA Gas Utility Operations Best Practices Program provides a forum for the identification of procedures and practices that can improve the reliability, safety and cost-efficiency of a company's operations.






Operations 



Read more about Gas Utility Operations Best Practices Follow-Up Meeting, June 13-15, 2017, Boston, MA
 








 

Workforce Development




For generations, natural gas utilities have served communities and supported families through good paying jobs and the opportunity for career advancement. Natural gas is the foundation fuel for our nation’s clean and secure energy future and AGA members want to hire a diverse and inclusive workforce that will upgrade and maintain the energy infrastructure of the 21st century. 






Operations 



Read more about Workforce Development
 
 




 






Top











 Our Partners
@ESC_1237 Jul 2017It's #FunFactFriday! Did you know... 
#natgas #natgasfacts #energy https://t.co/NCoWK2dIJu
@GetIntoEnergy7 Jul 2017RT Thank you @Richmond_CC for helping train the next generation of utility workers through growing substation program!  https://t.co/QRy8tQmqRx
@NGVAmerica7 Jul 2017@ACYPL thanks for bringing #acyplAUS delegates by to discuss infrastructure & transportation with our staff yesterday #cleanfuture
@LNG18Perth5 May 2016RT Did you miss #LNG18 in Perth?
Have no fear, here's the highlights.
@lng2019
https://t.co/LgCjinRLam
@WorldShale5 May 2015Senior Officials Coming to World Shale Summit in Neuquén. Download the programme for more: http://t.co/0KMDzxiG0s http://t.co/qwE7ltYSNP
IGUSecretariat 





Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Antitrust
LIHEAP
 





400 North Capitol Street, NW | Washington, DC 20001© 2017 American Gas Association 














Terry McCallister, Wgl Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Terry McCallister

Chairman/CEO,
Wgl Holdings Inc






Career History




Chairman/CEO
Wgl Holdings Inc, 10/2009-PRESENT


Chairman
Washington Gas Light Co, 10/2009-PRESENT


First Vice Chairman
American Gas Assn, 1/2014-9/2014


President/COO
Wgl Holdings Inc, 10/2001-10/2009


President/COO
Washington Gas Light Co, 10/2001-10/2009


VP:Operations
Washington Gas Light Co, 4/2000-10/2001


VP:Gas Transportation
Wgl Holdings Inc, 2000-UNKNOWN


VP/Director:Operations
Southern Natural Gas Co, FORMER



Atlantic Richfield Co, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.wglholdings.com






Corporate Information
Address:

101 Constitution Avenue
Northwest
Washington, DC 20080
United States


Phone:
1-703-750-2000


Fax:
1-703-750-4828


Web url:
www.wglholdings.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Missouri University of Science And Technology
Bachelor's Degree


Darden Graduate School of Business
Graduated








Memberships



Board Memberships




Southern Gas Association


Board Member, PRESENT




Institute of Gas Technology


Board Member, PRESENT




Greater Washington Board of Trade


Board Member, PRESENT




Alliance to Save Energy


Board Member, PRESENT




Wgl Holdings Inc


Chairman, 10/2009-PRESENT




Washington Gas Light Co


Chairman, 10/2009-PRESENT




American Gas Assn


Vice Chairman, 1/2014-9/2014




American Gas Assn


Chairman, 9/2014-UNKNOWN



Show More





Other Memberships




Inova Health System Foundation


Board Member




Federal City Council


Board Member




National Symphony Orchestra 


President




Economic Club of Washington 


Member




Gas Technology Institute


Chairman




Inova Hospital Foundation 


Chairman



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














d mccallister - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content
















Home Alone (franchise)




the adventures of a boy named Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) who, during the course of the film, gets burglars Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern) arrested by using booby traps. The

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia








Your search for "d mccallister" returned no results.

















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














terry mccallister - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Terry Mccallister (Found) | PublicRecordsNow.com



Ad
 ·
PublicRecordsNow.com/​T Mccallister



Instant-Address, Phone, Age & More Terry Mccallister- Search Now





Background Check Instant



Criminal?




People Search NOW



Reverse Phone Search





We Found This Person - Looking for  This Person?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Search-Free



Looking for  This Person? Get Cell Phone #,  Address, Pics & More.





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





We Found Them - 1) Someone's Phone 2)Address 3) Age & More.



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Someone's Phone 2)Address 3) Age & More. Search Now!





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media



Search by Email





Searches related toterry mccallister



terry mcalister



washington gas executives




Web Results

Terry D. McCallister - Washington Gas

https://www.washingtongas.com/about/management/terry-d-mccallister


Terry D. McCallister is Chairman and CEO of WGL Holdings and Washington Gas Light Company.


Top 10 Terry Mccallister profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/terry/mccallister


View the profiles of professionals named Terry Mccallister on LinkedIn. There are 10 professionals named Terry Mccallister, who use LinkedIn to exchange information ...


Terry McCallister Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Terry-McCallister


View the profiles of people named Terry McCallister. Join Facebook to connect with Terry McCallister and others you may know. Facebook gives people the...


Terry Mccallister | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Terry-Mccallister


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 39 people named Terry Mccallister. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


Terry Mccallister's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Terry-Mccallister


72 records for Terry Mccallister. Find Terry Mccallister's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


Terry D. McCallister: Executive Profile & Biography ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Mr. Terry D. McCallister has been the Chief Executive Officer of WGL Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary, Washington Gas Light Company since October 1, 2009.


Terry Macalister | The Guardian

https://www.theguardian.com/profile/terrymacalister


Terry Macalister is the energy editor of the Guardian. He is an award-winning journalist, author of a book on the Arctic and a former Press Fellow of Wolfson College ...


Terry D. McCallister - Salary.com

www1.salary.com/Terry-D-McCallister-Salary-Bonus-Stock-Options-for...


Salary, bonuses, stock options, stock awards and other compensation for Terry D. McCallister , Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at WASHINGTON GAS ...


Terry D. McCallister Elected AGA Chairman | American Gas ...

https://www.aga.org/.../terry-d-mccallister-elected-aga-chairman


Washington, D.C. – The American Gas Association (AGA) has announced that Terry D. McCallister has been elected to serve as Chairman of the AGA Board of Directors ...


WGL Holdings, Inc. - Executive Leadership

www.wglholdings.com/management.cfm


Terry D. McCallister is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of WGL Holdings, Inc., the parent company of Washington Gas. He also serves as Chairman and ...










Terry Mccallister (Found) | PublicRecordsNow.com



Ad
 ·
PublicRecordsNow.com/​T Mccallister



Instant-Address, Phone, Age & More Terry Mccallister- Search Now





Background Check Instant



Criminal?




People Search NOW



Reverse Phone Search





We Found This Person - Looking for  This Person?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Search-Free



Looking for  This Person? Get Cell Phone #,  Address, Pics & More.





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





We Found Them - 1) Someone's Phone 2)Address 3) Age & More.



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Someone's Phone 2)Address 3) Age & More. Search Now!





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media



Search by Email




Searches related toterry mccallister



terry mcalister



washington gas executives




12345Next






Answers







Texas State Open



Tyner 1988 Jeff Maggert 1987 Carl Baker 1986 Blaine McCallister 1985 Terry Snodgrass 1984 Scott Stegner 1983 Frank Conner 1982 Stan Algelt 1981 Terry...

more






Yasuyoshi Hara



Infante Henrique) Dubbing roles Live action Billy Bob Thornton Bandits (Terry Collins) The Man Who Wasn't There (Ed Crane) Intolerable Cruelty (Howard...

more






List of Home and Away characters (2005)



Summer Bay by murdering Zoe McCallister, a new nurse at Northern Districts hospital and assuming her identity and burns her body in a bushfire to...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















