


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE














Scott McDonald's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up MScott McDonald#269006@scottburgerkinglumenati.co5Following12FollowersFollow2 UpvotesQwipItCreate crazy fun loops of your favorite video and share it. Video Streaming+ 3 save 192 24Lumenati CS1The world's first cinematic smartcaseiPhone+ 1 save 57 6Share this profileRecent CommentsLumenati CS1Lumenati CS1









Scott McDonald's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Scott McDonald#444775@scott_mcdonaldFinance and Accounting Manager5Following6FollowersFollow1 UpvoteOneRooftopMobile travel assistant for booking vacation rentalsArtificial Intell...+ 3 save 231 27Share this profile











List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






    Scott McDonald | inContact Inc | ZoomInfo.com 












Scott Johnson, McDonald's Corporation Product Manager, Retail Information Technology - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Scott Johnson
Product Manager, Retail Information Technology, McDonald's Corporation

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Scott Johnson at McDonald's Corporation. Scott Johnson works as Product Manager, Retail Information Technology , acting in a Brand/Product Management role .  McDonald's Corporation is a leader in Restaurants .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Brand/Product Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


12/03/2013:


McDonald's to leave the skyways in both downtowns

..... While McDonald's could not be reached for comment, there's some speculation that the Securian location could be replaced by the company's new, Starbucks-esque McCafe concept, currently being unrolled in Canada. The Alliance Center location will likely return to local control, however, as Scott Johnson, owner of the Nectary deli, has put in a bid to lease the space for a new restaurant called the Skyway Grille.
"One of the reasons the McDonald's down here closed was that they weren't a full store," Johnson says. .....

People In This Article:
Scott Johnson
 





Learn more about Scott Johnson  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Scott Johnson and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































Scott McDonald - Wikipedia






















 






Scott McDonald

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Scott Douglas McDonald)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Scott McDonald, see Scott McDonald (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (July 2013)



Scott McDonald


McDonald with Australia in 2010



Personal information


Full name
Scott Douglas McDonald[1]


Date of birth
(1983-08-21) 21 August 1983 (age 33)[1]


Place of birth
Melbourne, Australia


Height
1.73 m (5 ft 8 in)


Playing position
Striker / Attacking midfielder


Club information



Current team

Dundee United


Number
8


Youth career


1998
Gippsland Falcons


Senior career*


Years
Team
Apps
(Gls)


1998–1999
Gippsland Falcons
3
(0)


1999–2000
Cranbourne Comets
10
(3)


2000–2002
Southampton
2
(0)


2002
→ Huddersfield Town (loan)
13
(1)


2002
→ Bournemouth (loan)
8
(1)


2003
Wimbledon
2
(0)


2004–2007
Motherwell
108
(42)


2007–2010
Celtic
88
(51)


2010–2013
Middlesbrough
116
(37)


2013–2015
Millwall
56
(5)


2015–2017
Motherwell
83
(24)


2017–
Dundee United
0
(0)


National team


1999–2000
Australia U17
17
(13)


2001–2003
Australia U20
24
(16)


2003–2004
Australia U23
3
(0)


2006–2012
Australia
26
(0)


* Senior club appearances and goals counted for the domestic league only and correct as of 17:30, 1 June 2017 (UTC).


Scott Douglas McDonald (born 21 August 1983) is an Australian professional footballer who plays for Dundee United. Originally a striker, McDonald can also play as an attacking midfielder.



Contents


1 Club career

1.1 Early career
1.2 Motherwell
1.3 Celtic
1.4 Middlesbrough
1.5 Millwall
1.6 Motherwell (second spell)
1.7 Dundee United


2 International career
3 Career statistics
4 Honours

4.1 Club
4.2 International
4.3 Individual


5 References
6 External links



Club career[edit]
Early career[edit]
McDonald began his career at Doveton, before joining Casey Comets. He made three appearances on loan from his Victorian State League club, Cranbourne Comets, with Gippsland Falcons in the ANSL, where he became the club's youngest ever NSL player, replacing Jason Marsh, when making his first-team debut aged just fifteen.
McDonald started off as a trainee with Southampton in 2001 where he managed only three appearances (one first-team start and two as a substitute),[2] being loaned to Huddersfield Town[3] where again he had chances to play first team football. McDonald scored just once for Huddersfield, in a 2–1 defeat to Tranmere Rovers[4] and Bournemouth (scoring once against Shrewsbury).[5] Upon reaching the end of his contract with Southampton he signed for Wimbledon on a rolling monthly contract.[6]
He had talks with Drogheda United in 2003 but failed to agree terms.
Motherwell[edit]
McDonald went on trial with Scottish Premier League club Dundee United, but failed to win a contract and instead signed for league rivals Motherwell in January 2004.[7] After signing for Motherwell, McDonald had a slow start, scoring only one goal during the second half of the 2003–04 season despite impressive performances. The following season he scored 15 goals. McDonald famously scored two late goals against Celtic at the end of the 2004–05 season to deny them the Scottish Premier League title which was instead won by their arch-rivals Rangers.[8] In the 2005–06 season, McDonald scored 11 goals in 35 appearances, and in the following season, scored 15 goals in 32 appearances. His goal against Falkirk on 25 November 2006, was the 5000th goal in the SPL since its formation in 1998.[9] In his successful stint with Well, he scored 45 goals in 108 appearances.
In December 2007, McDonald was named BBC Sportsound Player of the Year for his eight man-of-the-match performances throughout the 2006–07 season.[10]
Celtic[edit]




McDonald playing for Celtic






McDonald playing for Celtic in 2008.


In March 2007, after a £400,000 bid from Rangers had been rejected in January,[11] Motherwell accepted an offer of £700,000 from McDonald's boyhood favourites Celtic,[12] with McDonald moving to Celtic Park at the start of the 2007–08 season.[13]
McDonald made his competitive debut for Celtic in the first leg of the UEFA Champions League third qualifying-round match against Spartak Moscow at Luzhniki Stadium, assisting Paul Hartley for Celtic's goal as the game finished 1–1.[14] His first goal for the club came in the second leg of the tie at Celtic Park. A mistake by Spartak defender Roman Shishkin allowed McDonald to slip in and hit the ball first time past Stipe Pletikosa. This match also ended 1–1, but Celtic won 4–3 on penalties.[15] Just days later in an away league match against St Mirren, McDonald latched onto a long Gary Caldwell pass to lob Chris Smith from a tight angle and score his first SPL goal for the club.[16] He followed that up with the winning goal in the final minute of their 2–1 UEFA Champions League group-stage win against A.C. Milan on 3 October[17] and another last minute winner just days later at Gretna. In a pulsating clash with Old Firm rivals Rangers on 16 April 2008, McDonald set up his Dutch strike partner Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink for a last minute goal that kept Celtic in the 2007–08 SPL title race,[18] before scoring a double and winning a penalty scored by Barry Robson in another vital 3–2 Old Firm victory eleven days later.[19] At the end of the season, McDonald was rewarded with a new five-year deal at Parkhead[20] and was nominated for SPL Player of the Year. He scored 25 goals in 36 league appearances in his first season at Celtic and was the top goalscorer during the 2007–08 season, beating the next highest goalscorer and strike partner Vennegoor of Hesselink by 10 goals. This breakthrough season included two hat-tricks; against Dundee United and former club Motherwell. In total, McDonald scored 31 times in his first season at Parkhead.
McDonald wore the number 27 shirt in his first season with Celtic, but in July 2008 he was given number 7, which he also wore at Motherwell. After a sluggish start to the 2008–09 season, not scoring in any of the first four games, he opened his account against Motherwell, scoring Celtic's third goal in a 4–2 win at Fir Park. On 5 November 2008 McDonald scored the opening goal in a 1–1 draw with Manchester United at Celtic Park in the Champions League with a well executed lob over Ben Foster. Only three days later, McDonald continued to haunt his former club Motherwell with a low strike from outside the penalty area. Celtic won this match 2–0. On 27 December 2008, he scored the only goal in a 1–0 victory at Ibrox during the Old Firm derby, helping his team bring the three points home. On 27 January 2009, McDonald scored twice in the dramatic 11–10 penalty shoot-out victory against Dundee United[21] to send Celtic through to the League Cup final, which they won 2–0 against archrivals Rangers. This win gave McDonald his first domestic cup trophy at Celtic.
McDonald scored his 49th and 50th Celtic goals at Pittodrie against Aberdeen on 2 May as Celtic ran out 3–1 winners. On 3 July, McDonald was handed the Celtic captaincy for a pre-season game against Brisbane Roar, due to the injury to Stephen McManus and the departure of vice-captain Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink. On 5 August, he scored the opening goal against Dynamo Moscow in Russia, a game which Celtic went on to win 2–0, to progress to the final qualifying round of the Champions League. On 5 December, McDonald scored his 50th league goal for Celtic against Aberdeen. McDonald scored a total of 65 goals for Celtic.
Middlesbrough[edit]
On 7 January 2010, Celtic rejected a transfer bid from Premier League side Wigan Athletic for the Australian striker,[22] but on 1 February – transfer deadline day – Celtic sold McDonald to Middlesbrough for a reported £3.5 million.[23] He joined up with Gordon Strachan, whom he played under at Celtic and Southampton, and also rejoined four of his former teammates, Willo Flood, Barry Robson, Chris Killen and Stephen McManus. On 16 February 2010, he missed a penalty against Blackpool in a 2–0 loss.[24] McDonald scored his first Middlesbrough goal in the Tyne-Tees derby against Newcastle on 13 March.[25] After a return from injury, McDonald scored three times in four games against Crystal Palace, Sheffield Wednesday and Coventry City.[26][27]
McDonald made a bright start to the 2010–11 season scoring twice in his first two games against Ipswich[28] and Chesterfield in the League Cup.[29] On 9 November 2010, he scored the second in Middlesbrough's 2–0 win over Scunthorpe.[30] On 1 March 2011, McDonald scored the opener in his team's 1–1 draw with Nottingham Forest, he followed this by scoring the leveller in his team's 2–1 victory at home to Watford on 19 March 2011.[31][32] McDonald followed this by scoring twice in two games, in two draws against Ipswich Town[33] and Barnsley.[34] On 23 April 2011, McDonald scored a hat-trick in Middlesbrough's 2–4 away win at Hull.[35]
McDonald scored his first goal of the 2011–12 season in a 3–1 victory over Barnsley on 16 August 2011.[36] On 5 November 2011, he got his first in 12 matches, scoring the only goal in Middlesbrough's 1–0 victory over Watford at the Riverside.[37] He scored a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–2 draw with Blackpool. On 10 December, McDonald scored the only goal of the game against Brighton, after a defensive error from Casper Ankergren. McDonald continued his impressive form, as he scored Boro's second in a 3–2 victory, over Welsh side Cardiff City. McDonald then scored in the New Year's Eve clash against Peterborough at the Riverside, the game finished 1–1.
On 6 October 2012, McDonald made his first appearance of the season against Watford, as a first half sub, coming on for teammate Justin Hoyte, in which McDonald scored the winner in a 2–1 victory. Continuing from the Watford game, McDonald came off the bench to score a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–1 win against Bolton.[38] His form continued as he scored the winning goal in a Tees – Wear derby against Sunderland resulting in a 1–0 victory to the Boro.[39]
Millwall[edit]
On 23 July 2013, Scott McDonald put pen-to-paper on a two-year deal with Millwall. He scored his first goal for the club in a 1–0 victory over Charlton.[40] McDonald left Millwall on 24 January 2015, with the club cancelling his contract.[41]
Motherwell (second spell)[edit]
On 26 February 2015, McDonald signed for Motherwell for a second time, agreeing a contract until the end of the 2014–15 season.[42] He made his second debut on 28 February 2015, in a 2–1 win against Inverness CT.[43] He scored his first goal since returning to the club on 7 March 2015, scoring with a free-kick in a 1–1 draw against Kilmarnock.[44]
On 21 July 2015, McDonald signed a new one-year contract, with the option of a second.[45] On 1 July 2016, McDonald signed a new one-year contact to stay at Motherwell.[46] Later that month, Motherwell rejected an offer from an unnamed A-League side, later revealed to be the Western Sydney Wanderers,[47] for McDonald.[48]
In May 2017, Motherwell announced that McDonald would be leaving the club after he had decided not to take up the option of another year on his contract.[49]
Dundee United[edit]
Following his departure from Motherwell, McDonald was expected to return to Australia. However it was announced in July 2017 that he had signed for Scottish Championship club, Dundee United on a one-year deal.[50]
International career[edit]




McDonald training for Australia in 2009


Having represented Australia at under-17, under-20 and under-23 levels, McDonald made his international debut for Australia against Bahrain on 22 February 2006 in an Asian Cup qualifier. He played in the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship. McDonald was a starter in the Australia squad that started off qualification for the 2010 World Cup with a 3–0 win over Qatar in February, setting up a goal for Mark Bresciano, but yet to score a goal at international level himself. On 11 May 2010 McDonald was named by Australian coach Pim Verbeek in a provisional 31-man squad for the 2010 World Cup. On 25 May it was announced that he had been omitted from the final 23-man squad for the finals.[51]
McDonald's most recent appearance came on 15 August 2012 against Scotland coming on as a substitute in the second half, playing alongside fellow Middlesbrough teammate Rhys Williams. Australia went on to lose 3–1.
Career statistics[edit]

As of 17 May 2017[52][53]



Club
Season
Division
League
Cup
League Cup
Other
Total


Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals


Gippsland Falcons
1998–99
National Soccer League
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
0


Southampton
2001–02
Premier League
2
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
3
0


Huddersfield Town
2002–03
Football League One
13
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
14
1


Bournemouth
2002–03
Football League Two
8
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
8
1


Wimbledon
2003–04
Football League Championship
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0


Motherwell
2003–04
Scottish Premier League
15
1
3
1
0
0
0
0
18
2


2004–05
27
15
1
0
4
0
0
0
32
15


2005–06
34
11
0
0
4
1
0
0
38
12


2006–07
32
15
3
1
2
0
0
0
37
16


Total
108
42
7
2
10
1
0
0
125
45


Celtic
2007–08
Scottish Premier League
36
25
4
3
2
1
10
2
52
31


2008–09
34
16
3
1
4
1
6
1
47
19


2009–10
18
10
0
0
2
2
8
2
28
14


Total
88
51
7
4
8
4
24
5
127
64


Middlesbrough
2009–10
Football League Championship
13
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
13
4


2010–11
38
12
0
0
2
2
0
0
40
14


2011–12
33
9
2
0
1
0
0
0
36
9


2012–13
32
12
1
0
2
1
0
0
35
13


Total
116
37
3
0
5
3
0
0
124
40


Millwall
2013–14
Football League Championship
32
3
0
0
2
0
0
0
34
3


2014–15
23
2
1
1
1
0
0
0
25
3


Total
55
5
1
1
3
0
0
0
59
6


Motherwell
2014–15
Scottish Premiership
11
5
0
0
0
0
2
0
13
5


2015–16
37
10
2
2
2
2
0
0
41
14


2016–17
35
9
1
0
4
2
0
0
40
11


Total
83
24
3
2
6
4
2
0
94
30


Career Total
478
161
21
9
34
12
26
5
559
187


Honours[edit]
Club[edit]

Celtic


Scottish Premier League: 2007–08[1]
Scottish League Cup: 2008–09[1]

International[edit]

Australia


1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship runners-up
2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up

Individual[edit]

2003 OFC U-20 Championship Top scorer
SPL Player of the Month: September 2004,[54] September 2007,[55] March 2009[56]
Motherwell FC Supporters Player of the Year: 2004–05
BBC Sportsound Player of the Year: 2007
SPL Top Scorer: 2007–08

References[edit]


^ a b c d Hugman, Barry J., ed. (2010). The PFA Footballers' Who's Who 2010–11. Edinburgh: Mainstream Publishing. p. 265. ISBN 978-1-84596-601-0. 
^ Holley, Duncan; Chalk, Gary (2003). In That Number – A post-war chronicle of Southampton FC. Hagiology Publishing. pp. 547–548. ISBN 0-9534474-3-X. 
^ "Huddersfield land McDonald". BBC Sport. 4 July 2002. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Tranmere 2–1 Huddersfield". BBC Sport. 26 August 2002. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "Bournemouth 2–1 Shrewsbury". BBC Sport. 21 April 2003. Archived from the original on 24 April 2003. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "McDonald earns Dons deal". BBC Sport. 19 August 2003. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell sign McDonald". BBC Sport. 6 January 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. 22 May 2005. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald savours goal milestone". BBC Sport. 28 November 2006. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Sportsound Player of the Year". BBC Sport. 23 December 2007. Archived from the original on 6 January 2008. Retrieved 6 January 2008. 
^ "Rangers miss out on McDonald bid". BBC Sport. 1 February 2007. Archived from the original on 3 February 2007. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ "Celtic complete McDonald capture". BBC Sport. 30 March 2007. Archived from the original on 17 April 2007. 
^ "Celtic agree terms for McDonald". BBC Sport. 28 March 2007. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (15 August 2007). "Spartak Moscow 1–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 11 November 2012. 
^ Moffat, Colin (29 August 2007). "Celtic 1–1 Spartak Moscow". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 3 January 2008. 
^ "St Mirren 1–5 Celtic". BBC Sport. 2 September 2007. Archived from the original on 23 March 2012. 
^ "Celtic 2–1 AC Milan". BBC Sport. 3 October 2007. Archived from the original on 11 October 2007. 
^ Moffat, Colin (16 April 2008). "Celtic 2–1 Rangers". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 20 April 2008. 
^ "Celtic 3–2 Rangers". BBC Sport. 27 April 2008. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "McDonald extends Celtic contract". BBC Sport. 17 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 July 2008. Retrieved 18 June 2008. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (28 January 2009). "Celtic 0–0 Dundee U (11–10 pens)". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "THE INSIDER: London calling John Carew as Spurs target Aston Villa striker and Wigan want Celtic's awesome Aussie Scott McDonald". Mail Online. 7 January 2010. Archived from the original on 10 January 2010. Retrieved 23 April 2011. 
^ McLaughlin, Chris (1 February 2010). "Middlesbrough and Celtic agree a deal for McDonald". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 22 March 2010. 
^ "Strachan fumes at decisions". The Northern Echo. 17 February 2010. Archived from the original on 21 February 2010. 
^ Henson, Mike (13 March 2010). "Middlesbrough 2 – 2 Newcastle". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 15 March 2010. Retrieved 13 March 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–0 Sheff Wed". BBC Sport. 10 April 2010. Archived from the original on 12 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Coventry". BBC Sport. 24 April 2010. Archived from the original on 27 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1 – 3 Ipswich". BBC Sport. 7 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Chesterfield 1–2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 10 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Scunthorpe 0 – 2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 9 November 2010. Archived from the original on 11 November 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Nottm Forest". BBC Sport. 1 March 2011. Archived from the original on 2 March 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough 2–1 Watford". BBC Sport. 19 March 2011. Archived from the original on 22 March 2011. 
^ "Ipswich Town 3 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 12 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 Barnsley 1". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 19 April 2011. 
^ Hull City 2 Boro 4 Middlesbrough F.C., 23 April 2011
^ "Barnsley 1 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 – 0 Watford". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough come from behind to beat Bolton as Freedman looks on". The Guardian. 27 October 2012. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Young, Colin (30 October 2012). "Sunderland 0 Middlesbrough 1: McDonald finds strike to embarrass O'Neill". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Kent, David (21 September 2013). "Charlton 0 Millwall 1: McDonald lights up lackluster encounter to give Lions second successive win". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 21 June 2014. 
^ "Scott McDonald: Striker leaves Millwall as contract is cancelled". BBC Sport. 24 January 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ "McDonald makes Fir Park return". Motherwell F.C. 26 February 2015. Retrieved 26 February 2015. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Inverness CT". Motherwell F.C. 28 February 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ McLauchlin, Brian (7 March 2015). "Motherwell 1-1 Kilmarnock". BBC Sport. BBC. Retrieved 7 March 2015. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs on again". Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2015. 
^ http://stv.tv/sport/football/1359298-scott-mcdonald-turns-down-offers-to-sign-new-deal-with-motherwell/
^ "Motherwell turn down Wanderers offer for McDonald". The World Game. Special Broadcasting Service. Retrieved 23 July 2016. 
^ "Club Statement: Scott McDonald". motherwellfc.co.uk. Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2016. Retrieved 21 July 2016. 
^ "Squad update: May 2017". Motherwell F.C. 22 May 2017. Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs one-year deal at Dundee United". BBC Sport. 24 July 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald omitted from Australia World Cup squad". BBC Sport. 25 May 2010. Archived from the original on 14 May 2010. Retrieved 25 May 2010. 
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerbase
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerway
^ "Double joy for Motherwell". BBC Sport. 2 October 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald named player of month". BBC Sport. 11 October 2007. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Player prize for Celtic striker". BBC Sport. 7 April 2009. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Scott McDonald.



Scott McDonald at Soccerbase 
Player profile – Scott McDonald Football Federation Australia







v
t
e


Australia squad – 2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up






1 Schwarzer
2 Neill (c)
3 Carney
4 Cahill
5 Culina
6 Ognenovski
7 Emerton
8 Wilkshire
9 McDonald
10 Kewell
11 Burns
12 Coe
13 North
14 Holman
15 Jedinak
16 Valeri
17 McKay
18 Jones
19 Oar
20 Spiranovic
21 McKain
22 Kilkenny
23 Kruse
Coach: Osieck













Awards











v
t
e


Scottish League top division top scorers



League



1891: Bell
1892: Bell
1893: Campbell / McMahon





Division One



1894: McMahon
1895: J. Miller
1896: Martin
1897: Taylor
1898: Hamilton
1899: Hamilton
1900: Hamilton / Michael
1901: Hamilton
1902: Maxwell
1903: D. Reid
1904: Hamilton
1905: Hamilton / Quinn
1906: Quinn
1907: Quinn
1908: Simpson
1909: Hunter
1910: Quinn
1911: W. Reid
1912: W. Reid
1913: J. Reid
1914: J. Reid
1915: Gracie / Richardson
1916: McColl
1917: Yarnall
1918: H. Ferguson
1919: McLean
1920: H. Ferguson
1921: H. Ferguson
1922: Walker
1923: White
1924: Halliday
1925: Devlin
1926: Devlin
1927: McGrory
1928: McGrory
1929: Morrison
1930: Yorston
1931: Battles
1932: MacFadyen
1933: MacFadyen
1934: Smith
1935: Smith
1936: McGrory
1937: Wilson
1938: Black
1939: Venters





Division A



1947: Mitchell
1948: Aikman
1949: Stott
1950: Bauld
1951: Reilly
1952: Reilly
1953: Fleming / Reilly
1954: Wardhaugh
1955: Bauld
1956: Wardhaugh





Division One



1957: Baird
1958: Bauld / Murray
1959: Baker
1960: Baker
1961: Harley
1962: Gilzean
1963: Millar
1964: Gilzean
1965: Forrest
1966: A. Ferguson / McBride
1967: Chalmers
1968: Lennox
1969: Cameron
1970: Stein
1971: Hood
1972: Harper
1973: Gordon
1974: Deans
1975: Gray / Pettigrew





Premier Division



1976: Dalglish
1977: Pettigrew
1978: Johnstone
1979: Ritchie
1980: Somner
1981: McGarvey
1982: McCluskey
1983: Nicholas
1984: McClair
1985: McDougall
1986: McCoist
1987: McClair
1988: Coyne
1989: McGhee / Nicholas
1990: Robertson
1991: Coyne
1992: McCoist
1993: McCoist
1994: Hateley
1995: Coyne
1996: Van Hooijdonk
1997: Cadete
1998: Negri





SPL



1999: Larsson
2000: Viduka
2001: Larsson
2002: Larsson
2003: Larsson
2004: Larsson
2005: Hartson
2006: Boyd
2007: Boyd
2008: McDonald
2009: Boyd
2010: Boyd
2011: K. Miller
2012: Hooper
2013: Higdon





Premiership



2014: Commons
2015: Rooney
2016: Griffiths
2017: Boyce












v
t
e


2006–07 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Russell Anderson
DF: Stephen McManus
DF: Lee Naylor
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
FW: Steven Naismith
FW: Kris Boyd
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2007–08 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Carlos Cuéllar
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Barry Robson
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2008–09 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Allan McGregor
DF: Andreas Hinkel
DF: Madjid Bougherra
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Steven Davis
MF: Pedro Mendes
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Kenny Miller
FW: Scott McDonald

















v
t
e


Dundee United F.C. – current squad







1 Bell
2 Murdoch
3 Scobbie
4 Durnan
5 Donaldson
6 Toshney
7 McMullan
8 McDonald
9 N'Koyi
10 Fraser
11 King
12 Stanton
14 Edjenguélé
16 Flood
17 Robson
18 Allardice
19 Keatings
20 Briels
21 Mehmet
25 Lewis
26 Ballantyne
27 B. Smith
28 M. Smith
44 Thomas
Manager: McKinnon











 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_McDonald&oldid=792300447"					
Categories: 1983 birthsLiving peopleSoccer players from MelbourneAustralian people of Scottish descentAustralian soccer playersAustralian expatriate soccer playersAustralia international soccer playersPremier League playersEnglish Football League playersScottish Premier League playersScottish Professional Football League playersNational Soccer League (Australia) playersExpatriate footballers in ScotlandExpatriate footballers in EnglandAustralian expatriates in ScotlandA.F.C. Bournemouth playersCeltic F.C. playersGippsland Falcons playersMotherwell F.C. playersHuddersfield Town A.F.C. playersSouthampton F.C. playersWimbledon F.C. playersMiddlesbrough F.C. playersMillwall F.C. playersDundee United F.C. playersAustralian expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom2011 AFC Asian Cup playersScottish league football top scorersAssociation football forwardsHidden categories: Soccerbase player ID same as WikidataSoccerway player ID same as WikidataWikipedia introduction cleanup from July 2013All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from July 2013All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyEngvarB from June 2013Use dmy dates from June 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어ItalianoMagyarMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Scott McDonald - Wikipedia






















 






Scott McDonald

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Scott Douglas McDonald)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Scott McDonald, see Scott McDonald (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (July 2013)



Scott McDonald


McDonald with Australia in 2010



Personal information


Full name
Scott Douglas McDonald[1]


Date of birth
(1983-08-21) 21 August 1983 (age 33)[1]


Place of birth
Melbourne, Australia


Height
1.73 m (5 ft 8 in)


Playing position
Striker / Attacking midfielder


Club information



Current team

Dundee United


Number
8


Youth career


1998
Gippsland Falcons


Senior career*


Years
Team
Apps
(Gls)


1998–1999
Gippsland Falcons
3
(0)


1999–2000
Cranbourne Comets
10
(3)


2000–2002
Southampton
2
(0)


2002
→ Huddersfield Town (loan)
13
(1)


2002
→ Bournemouth (loan)
8
(1)


2003
Wimbledon
2
(0)


2004–2007
Motherwell
108
(42)


2007–2010
Celtic
88
(51)


2010–2013
Middlesbrough
116
(37)


2013–2015
Millwall
56
(5)


2015–2017
Motherwell
83
(24)


2017–
Dundee United
0
(0)


National team


1999–2000
Australia U17
17
(13)


2001–2003
Australia U20
24
(16)


2003–2004
Australia U23
3
(0)


2006–2012
Australia
26
(0)


* Senior club appearances and goals counted for the domestic league only and correct as of 17:30, 1 June 2017 (UTC).


Scott Douglas McDonald (born 21 August 1983) is an Australian professional footballer who plays for Dundee United. Originally a striker, McDonald can also play as an attacking midfielder.



Contents


1 Club career

1.1 Early career
1.2 Motherwell
1.3 Celtic
1.4 Middlesbrough
1.5 Millwall
1.6 Motherwell (second spell)
1.7 Dundee United


2 International career
3 Career statistics
4 Honours

4.1 Club
4.2 International
4.3 Individual


5 References
6 External links



Club career[edit]
Early career[edit]
McDonald began his career at Doveton, before joining Casey Comets. He made three appearances on loan from his Victorian State League club, Cranbourne Comets, with Gippsland Falcons in the ANSL, where he became the club's youngest ever NSL player, replacing Jason Marsh, when making his first-team debut aged just fifteen.
McDonald started off as a trainee with Southampton in 2001 where he managed only three appearances (one first-team start and two as a substitute),[2] being loaned to Huddersfield Town[3] where again he had chances to play first team football. McDonald scored just once for Huddersfield, in a 2–1 defeat to Tranmere Rovers[4] and Bournemouth (scoring once against Shrewsbury).[5] Upon reaching the end of his contract with Southampton he signed for Wimbledon on a rolling monthly contract.[6]
He had talks with Drogheda United in 2003 but failed to agree terms.
Motherwell[edit]
McDonald went on trial with Scottish Premier League club Dundee United, but failed to win a contract and instead signed for league rivals Motherwell in January 2004.[7] After signing for Motherwell, McDonald had a slow start, scoring only one goal during the second half of the 2003–04 season despite impressive performances. The following season he scored 15 goals. McDonald famously scored two late goals against Celtic at the end of the 2004–05 season to deny them the Scottish Premier League title which was instead won by their arch-rivals Rangers.[8] In the 2005–06 season, McDonald scored 11 goals in 35 appearances, and in the following season, scored 15 goals in 32 appearances. His goal against Falkirk on 25 November 2006, was the 5000th goal in the SPL since its formation in 1998.[9] In his successful stint with Well, he scored 45 goals in 108 appearances.
In December 2007, McDonald was named BBC Sportsound Player of the Year for his eight man-of-the-match performances throughout the 2006–07 season.[10]
Celtic[edit]




McDonald playing for Celtic






McDonald playing for Celtic in 2008.


In March 2007, after a £400,000 bid from Rangers had been rejected in January,[11] Motherwell accepted an offer of £700,000 from McDonald's boyhood favourites Celtic,[12] with McDonald moving to Celtic Park at the start of the 2007–08 season.[13]
McDonald made his competitive debut for Celtic in the first leg of the UEFA Champions League third qualifying-round match against Spartak Moscow at Luzhniki Stadium, assisting Paul Hartley for Celtic's goal as the game finished 1–1.[14] His first goal for the club came in the second leg of the tie at Celtic Park. A mistake by Spartak defender Roman Shishkin allowed McDonald to slip in and hit the ball first time past Stipe Pletikosa. This match also ended 1–1, but Celtic won 4–3 on penalties.[15] Just days later in an away league match against St Mirren, McDonald latched onto a long Gary Caldwell pass to lob Chris Smith from a tight angle and score his first SPL goal for the club.[16] He followed that up with the winning goal in the final minute of their 2–1 UEFA Champions League group-stage win against A.C. Milan on 3 October[17] and another last minute winner just days later at Gretna. In a pulsating clash with Old Firm rivals Rangers on 16 April 2008, McDonald set up his Dutch strike partner Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink for a last minute goal that kept Celtic in the 2007–08 SPL title race,[18] before scoring a double and winning a penalty scored by Barry Robson in another vital 3–2 Old Firm victory eleven days later.[19] At the end of the season, McDonald was rewarded with a new five-year deal at Parkhead[20] and was nominated for SPL Player of the Year. He scored 25 goals in 36 league appearances in his first season at Celtic and was the top goalscorer during the 2007–08 season, beating the next highest goalscorer and strike partner Vennegoor of Hesselink by 10 goals. This breakthrough season included two hat-tricks; against Dundee United and former club Motherwell. In total, McDonald scored 31 times in his first season at Parkhead.
McDonald wore the number 27 shirt in his first season with Celtic, but in July 2008 he was given number 7, which he also wore at Motherwell. After a sluggish start to the 2008–09 season, not scoring in any of the first four games, he opened his account against Motherwell, scoring Celtic's third goal in a 4–2 win at Fir Park. On 5 November 2008 McDonald scored the opening goal in a 1–1 draw with Manchester United at Celtic Park in the Champions League with a well executed lob over Ben Foster. Only three days later, McDonald continued to haunt his former club Motherwell with a low strike from outside the penalty area. Celtic won this match 2–0. On 27 December 2008, he scored the only goal in a 1–0 victory at Ibrox during the Old Firm derby, helping his team bring the three points home. On 27 January 2009, McDonald scored twice in the dramatic 11–10 penalty shoot-out victory against Dundee United[21] to send Celtic through to the League Cup final, which they won 2–0 against archrivals Rangers. This win gave McDonald his first domestic cup trophy at Celtic.
McDonald scored his 49th and 50th Celtic goals at Pittodrie against Aberdeen on 2 May as Celtic ran out 3–1 winners. On 3 July, McDonald was handed the Celtic captaincy for a pre-season game against Brisbane Roar, due to the injury to Stephen McManus and the departure of vice-captain Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink. On 5 August, he scored the opening goal against Dynamo Moscow in Russia, a game which Celtic went on to win 2–0, to progress to the final qualifying round of the Champions League. On 5 December, McDonald scored his 50th league goal for Celtic against Aberdeen. McDonald scored a total of 65 goals for Celtic.
Middlesbrough[edit]
On 7 January 2010, Celtic rejected a transfer bid from Premier League side Wigan Athletic for the Australian striker,[22] but on 1 February – transfer deadline day – Celtic sold McDonald to Middlesbrough for a reported £3.5 million.[23] He joined up with Gordon Strachan, whom he played under at Celtic and Southampton, and also rejoined four of his former teammates, Willo Flood, Barry Robson, Chris Killen and Stephen McManus. On 16 February 2010, he missed a penalty against Blackpool in a 2–0 loss.[24] McDonald scored his first Middlesbrough goal in the Tyne-Tees derby against Newcastle on 13 March.[25] After a return from injury, McDonald scored three times in four games against Crystal Palace, Sheffield Wednesday and Coventry City.[26][27]
McDonald made a bright start to the 2010–11 season scoring twice in his first two games against Ipswich[28] and Chesterfield in the League Cup.[29] On 9 November 2010, he scored the second in Middlesbrough's 2–0 win over Scunthorpe.[30] On 1 March 2011, McDonald scored the opener in his team's 1–1 draw with Nottingham Forest, he followed this by scoring the leveller in his team's 2–1 victory at home to Watford on 19 March 2011.[31][32] McDonald followed this by scoring twice in two games, in two draws against Ipswich Town[33] and Barnsley.[34] On 23 April 2011, McDonald scored a hat-trick in Middlesbrough's 2–4 away win at Hull.[35]
McDonald scored his first goal of the 2011–12 season in a 3–1 victory over Barnsley on 16 August 2011.[36] On 5 November 2011, he got his first in 12 matches, scoring the only goal in Middlesbrough's 1–0 victory over Watford at the Riverside.[37] He scored a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–2 draw with Blackpool. On 10 December, McDonald scored the only goal of the game against Brighton, after a defensive error from Casper Ankergren. McDonald continued his impressive form, as he scored Boro's second in a 3–2 victory, over Welsh side Cardiff City. McDonald then scored in the New Year's Eve clash against Peterborough at the Riverside, the game finished 1–1.
On 6 October 2012, McDonald made his first appearance of the season against Watford, as a first half sub, coming on for teammate Justin Hoyte, in which McDonald scored the winner in a 2–1 victory. Continuing from the Watford game, McDonald came off the bench to score a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–1 win against Bolton.[38] His form continued as he scored the winning goal in a Tees – Wear derby against Sunderland resulting in a 1–0 victory to the Boro.[39]
Millwall[edit]
On 23 July 2013, Scott McDonald put pen-to-paper on a two-year deal with Millwall. He scored his first goal for the club in a 1–0 victory over Charlton.[40] McDonald left Millwall on 24 January 2015, with the club cancelling his contract.[41]
Motherwell (second spell)[edit]
On 26 February 2015, McDonald signed for Motherwell for a second time, agreeing a contract until the end of the 2014–15 season.[42] He made his second debut on 28 February 2015, in a 2–1 win against Inverness CT.[43] He scored his first goal since returning to the club on 7 March 2015, scoring with a free-kick in a 1–1 draw against Kilmarnock.[44]
On 21 July 2015, McDonald signed a new one-year contract, with the option of a second.[45] On 1 July 2016, McDonald signed a new one-year contact to stay at Motherwell.[46] Later that month, Motherwell rejected an offer from an unnamed A-League side, later revealed to be the Western Sydney Wanderers,[47] for McDonald.[48]
In May 2017, Motherwell announced that McDonald would be leaving the club after he had decided not to take up the option of another year on his contract.[49]
Dundee United[edit]
Following his departure from Motherwell, McDonald was expected to return to Australia. However it was announced in July 2017 that he had signed for Scottish Championship club, Dundee United on a one-year deal.[50]
International career[edit]




McDonald training for Australia in 2009


Having represented Australia at under-17, under-20 and under-23 levels, McDonald made his international debut for Australia against Bahrain on 22 February 2006 in an Asian Cup qualifier. He played in the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship. McDonald was a starter in the Australia squad that started off qualification for the 2010 World Cup with a 3–0 win over Qatar in February, setting up a goal for Mark Bresciano, but yet to score a goal at international level himself. On 11 May 2010 McDonald was named by Australian coach Pim Verbeek in a provisional 31-man squad for the 2010 World Cup. On 25 May it was announced that he had been omitted from the final 23-man squad for the finals.[51]
McDonald's most recent appearance came on 15 August 2012 against Scotland coming on as a substitute in the second half, playing alongside fellow Middlesbrough teammate Rhys Williams. Australia went on to lose 3–1.
Career statistics[edit]

As of 17 May 2017[52][53]



Club
Season
Division
League
Cup
League Cup
Other
Total


Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals


Gippsland Falcons
1998–99
National Soccer League
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
0


Southampton
2001–02
Premier League
2
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
3
0


Huddersfield Town
2002–03
Football League One
13
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
14
1


Bournemouth
2002–03
Football League Two
8
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
8
1


Wimbledon
2003–04
Football League Championship
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0


Motherwell
2003–04
Scottish Premier League
15
1
3
1
0
0
0
0
18
2


2004–05
27
15
1
0
4
0
0
0
32
15


2005–06
34
11
0
0
4
1
0
0
38
12


2006–07
32
15
3
1
2
0
0
0
37
16


Total
108
42
7
2
10
1
0
0
125
45


Celtic
2007–08
Scottish Premier League
36
25
4
3
2
1
10
2
52
31


2008–09
34
16
3
1
4
1
6
1
47
19


2009–10
18
10
0
0
2
2
8
2
28
14


Total
88
51
7
4
8
4
24
5
127
64


Middlesbrough
2009–10
Football League Championship
13
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
13
4


2010–11
38
12
0
0
2
2
0
0
40
14


2011–12
33
9
2
0
1
0
0
0
36
9


2012–13
32
12
1
0
2
1
0
0
35
13


Total
116
37
3
0
5
3
0
0
124
40


Millwall
2013–14
Football League Championship
32
3
0
0
2
0
0
0
34
3


2014–15
23
2
1
1
1
0
0
0
25
3


Total
55
5
1
1
3
0
0
0
59
6


Motherwell
2014–15
Scottish Premiership
11
5
0
0
0
0
2
0
13
5


2015–16
37
10
2
2
2
2
0
0
41
14


2016–17
35
9
1
0
4
2
0
0
40
11


Total
83
24
3
2
6
4
2
0
94
30


Career Total
478
161
21
9
34
12
26
5
559
187


Honours[edit]
Club[edit]

Celtic


Scottish Premier League: 2007–08[1]
Scottish League Cup: 2008–09[1]

International[edit]

Australia


1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship runners-up
2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up

Individual[edit]

2003 OFC U-20 Championship Top scorer
SPL Player of the Month: September 2004,[54] September 2007,[55] March 2009[56]
Motherwell FC Supporters Player of the Year: 2004–05
BBC Sportsound Player of the Year: 2007
SPL Top Scorer: 2007–08

References[edit]


^ a b c d Hugman, Barry J., ed. (2010). The PFA Footballers' Who's Who 2010–11. Edinburgh: Mainstream Publishing. p. 265. ISBN 978-1-84596-601-0. 
^ Holley, Duncan; Chalk, Gary (2003). In That Number – A post-war chronicle of Southampton FC. Hagiology Publishing. pp. 547–548. ISBN 0-9534474-3-X. 
^ "Huddersfield land McDonald". BBC Sport. 4 July 2002. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Tranmere 2–1 Huddersfield". BBC Sport. 26 August 2002. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "Bournemouth 2–1 Shrewsbury". BBC Sport. 21 April 2003. Archived from the original on 24 April 2003. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "McDonald earns Dons deal". BBC Sport. 19 August 2003. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell sign McDonald". BBC Sport. 6 January 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. 22 May 2005. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald savours goal milestone". BBC Sport. 28 November 2006. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Sportsound Player of the Year". BBC Sport. 23 December 2007. Archived from the original on 6 January 2008. Retrieved 6 January 2008. 
^ "Rangers miss out on McDonald bid". BBC Sport. 1 February 2007. Archived from the original on 3 February 2007. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ "Celtic complete McDonald capture". BBC Sport. 30 March 2007. Archived from the original on 17 April 2007. 
^ "Celtic agree terms for McDonald". BBC Sport. 28 March 2007. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (15 August 2007). "Spartak Moscow 1–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 11 November 2012. 
^ Moffat, Colin (29 August 2007). "Celtic 1–1 Spartak Moscow". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 3 January 2008. 
^ "St Mirren 1–5 Celtic". BBC Sport. 2 September 2007. Archived from the original on 23 March 2012. 
^ "Celtic 2–1 AC Milan". BBC Sport. 3 October 2007. Archived from the original on 11 October 2007. 
^ Moffat, Colin (16 April 2008). "Celtic 2–1 Rangers". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 20 April 2008. 
^ "Celtic 3–2 Rangers". BBC Sport. 27 April 2008. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "McDonald extends Celtic contract". BBC Sport. 17 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 July 2008. Retrieved 18 June 2008. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (28 January 2009). "Celtic 0–0 Dundee U (11–10 pens)". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "THE INSIDER: London calling John Carew as Spurs target Aston Villa striker and Wigan want Celtic's awesome Aussie Scott McDonald". Mail Online. 7 January 2010. Archived from the original on 10 January 2010. Retrieved 23 April 2011. 
^ McLaughlin, Chris (1 February 2010). "Middlesbrough and Celtic agree a deal for McDonald". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 22 March 2010. 
^ "Strachan fumes at decisions". The Northern Echo. 17 February 2010. Archived from the original on 21 February 2010. 
^ Henson, Mike (13 March 2010). "Middlesbrough 2 – 2 Newcastle". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 15 March 2010. Retrieved 13 March 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–0 Sheff Wed". BBC Sport. 10 April 2010. Archived from the original on 12 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Coventry". BBC Sport. 24 April 2010. Archived from the original on 27 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1 – 3 Ipswich". BBC Sport. 7 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Chesterfield 1–2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 10 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Scunthorpe 0 – 2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 9 November 2010. Archived from the original on 11 November 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Nottm Forest". BBC Sport. 1 March 2011. Archived from the original on 2 March 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough 2–1 Watford". BBC Sport. 19 March 2011. Archived from the original on 22 March 2011. 
^ "Ipswich Town 3 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 12 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 Barnsley 1". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 19 April 2011. 
^ Hull City 2 Boro 4 Middlesbrough F.C., 23 April 2011
^ "Barnsley 1 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 – 0 Watford". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough come from behind to beat Bolton as Freedman looks on". The Guardian. 27 October 2012. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Young, Colin (30 October 2012). "Sunderland 0 Middlesbrough 1: McDonald finds strike to embarrass O'Neill". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Kent, David (21 September 2013). "Charlton 0 Millwall 1: McDonald lights up lackluster encounter to give Lions second successive win". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 21 June 2014. 
^ "Scott McDonald: Striker leaves Millwall as contract is cancelled". BBC Sport. 24 January 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ "McDonald makes Fir Park return". Motherwell F.C. 26 February 2015. Retrieved 26 February 2015. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Inverness CT". Motherwell F.C. 28 February 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ McLauchlin, Brian (7 March 2015). "Motherwell 1-1 Kilmarnock". BBC Sport. BBC. Retrieved 7 March 2015. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs on again". Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2015. 
^ http://stv.tv/sport/football/1359298-scott-mcdonald-turns-down-offers-to-sign-new-deal-with-motherwell/
^ "Motherwell turn down Wanderers offer for McDonald". The World Game. Special Broadcasting Service. Retrieved 23 July 2016. 
^ "Club Statement: Scott McDonald". motherwellfc.co.uk. Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2016. Retrieved 21 July 2016. 
^ "Squad update: May 2017". Motherwell F.C. 22 May 2017. Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs one-year deal at Dundee United". BBC Sport. 24 July 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald omitted from Australia World Cup squad". BBC Sport. 25 May 2010. Archived from the original on 14 May 2010. Retrieved 25 May 2010. 
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerbase
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerway
^ "Double joy for Motherwell". BBC Sport. 2 October 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald named player of month". BBC Sport. 11 October 2007. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Player prize for Celtic striker". BBC Sport. 7 April 2009. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Scott McDonald.



Scott McDonald at Soccerbase 
Player profile – Scott McDonald Football Federation Australia







v
t
e


Australia squad – 2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up






1 Schwarzer
2 Neill (c)
3 Carney
4 Cahill
5 Culina
6 Ognenovski
7 Emerton
8 Wilkshire
9 McDonald
10 Kewell
11 Burns
12 Coe
13 North
14 Holman
15 Jedinak
16 Valeri
17 McKay
18 Jones
19 Oar
20 Spiranovic
21 McKain
22 Kilkenny
23 Kruse
Coach: Osieck













Awards











v
t
e


Scottish League top division top scorers



League



1891: Bell
1892: Bell
1893: Campbell / McMahon





Division One



1894: McMahon
1895: J. Miller
1896: Martin
1897: Taylor
1898: Hamilton
1899: Hamilton
1900: Hamilton / Michael
1901: Hamilton
1902: Maxwell
1903: D. Reid
1904: Hamilton
1905: Hamilton / Quinn
1906: Quinn
1907: Quinn
1908: Simpson
1909: Hunter
1910: Quinn
1911: W. Reid
1912: W. Reid
1913: J. Reid
1914: J. Reid
1915: Gracie / Richardson
1916: McColl
1917: Yarnall
1918: H. Ferguson
1919: McLean
1920: H. Ferguson
1921: H. Ferguson
1922: Walker
1923: White
1924: Halliday
1925: Devlin
1926: Devlin
1927: McGrory
1928: McGrory
1929: Morrison
1930: Yorston
1931: Battles
1932: MacFadyen
1933: MacFadyen
1934: Smith
1935: Smith
1936: McGrory
1937: Wilson
1938: Black
1939: Venters





Division A



1947: Mitchell
1948: Aikman
1949: Stott
1950: Bauld
1951: Reilly
1952: Reilly
1953: Fleming / Reilly
1954: Wardhaugh
1955: Bauld
1956: Wardhaugh





Division One



1957: Baird
1958: Bauld / Murray
1959: Baker
1960: Baker
1961: Harley
1962: Gilzean
1963: Millar
1964: Gilzean
1965: Forrest
1966: A. Ferguson / McBride
1967: Chalmers
1968: Lennox
1969: Cameron
1970: Stein
1971: Hood
1972: Harper
1973: Gordon
1974: Deans
1975: Gray / Pettigrew





Premier Division



1976: Dalglish
1977: Pettigrew
1978: Johnstone
1979: Ritchie
1980: Somner
1981: McGarvey
1982: McCluskey
1983: Nicholas
1984: McClair
1985: McDougall
1986: McCoist
1987: McClair
1988: Coyne
1989: McGhee / Nicholas
1990: Robertson
1991: Coyne
1992: McCoist
1993: McCoist
1994: Hateley
1995: Coyne
1996: Van Hooijdonk
1997: Cadete
1998: Negri





SPL



1999: Larsson
2000: Viduka
2001: Larsson
2002: Larsson
2003: Larsson
2004: Larsson
2005: Hartson
2006: Boyd
2007: Boyd
2008: McDonald
2009: Boyd
2010: Boyd
2011: K. Miller
2012: Hooper
2013: Higdon





Premiership



2014: Commons
2015: Rooney
2016: Griffiths
2017: Boyce












v
t
e


2006–07 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Russell Anderson
DF: Stephen McManus
DF: Lee Naylor
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
FW: Steven Naismith
FW: Kris Boyd
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2007–08 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Carlos Cuéllar
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Barry Robson
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2008–09 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Allan McGregor
DF: Andreas Hinkel
DF: Madjid Bougherra
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Steven Davis
MF: Pedro Mendes
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Kenny Miller
FW: Scott McDonald

















v
t
e


Dundee United F.C. – current squad







1 Bell
2 Murdoch
3 Scobbie
4 Durnan
5 Donaldson
6 Toshney
7 McMullan
8 McDonald
9 N'Koyi
10 Fraser
11 King
12 Stanton
14 Edjenguélé
16 Flood
17 Robson
18 Allardice
19 Keatings
20 Briels
21 Mehmet
25 Lewis
26 Ballantyne
27 B. Smith
28 M. Smith
44 Thomas
Manager: McKinnon











 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_McDonald&oldid=792300447"					
Categories: 1983 birthsLiving peopleSoccer players from MelbourneAustralian people of Scottish descentAustralian soccer playersAustralian expatriate soccer playersAustralia international soccer playersPremier League playersEnglish Football League playersScottish Premier League playersScottish Professional Football League playersNational Soccer League (Australia) playersExpatriate footballers in ScotlandExpatriate footballers in EnglandAustralian expatriates in ScotlandA.F.C. Bournemouth playersCeltic F.C. playersGippsland Falcons playersMotherwell F.C. playersHuddersfield Town A.F.C. playersSouthampton F.C. playersWimbledon F.C. playersMiddlesbrough F.C. playersMillwall F.C. playersDundee United F.C. playersAustralian expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom2011 AFC Asian Cup playersScottish league football top scorersAssociation football forwardsHidden categories: Soccerbase player ID same as WikidataSoccerway player ID same as WikidataWikipedia introduction cleanup from July 2013All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from July 2013All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyEngvarB from June 2013Use dmy dates from June 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어ItalianoMagyarMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Scott McDonald - Wikipedia






















 






Scott McDonald

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Scott Douglas McDonald)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Scott McDonald, see Scott McDonald (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (July 2013)



Scott McDonald


McDonald with Australia in 2010



Personal information


Full name
Scott Douglas McDonald[1]


Date of birth
(1983-08-21) 21 August 1983 (age 33)[1]


Place of birth
Melbourne, Australia


Height
1.73 m (5 ft 8 in)


Playing position
Striker / Attacking midfielder


Club information



Current team

Dundee United


Number
8


Youth career


1998
Gippsland Falcons


Senior career*


Years
Team
Apps
(Gls)


1998–1999
Gippsland Falcons
3
(0)


1999–2000
Cranbourne Comets
10
(3)


2000–2002
Southampton
2
(0)


2002
→ Huddersfield Town (loan)
13
(1)


2002
→ Bournemouth (loan)
8
(1)


2003
Wimbledon
2
(0)


2004–2007
Motherwell
108
(42)


2007–2010
Celtic
88
(51)


2010–2013
Middlesbrough
116
(37)


2013–2015
Millwall
56
(5)


2015–2017
Motherwell
83
(24)


2017–
Dundee United
0
(0)


National team


1999–2000
Australia U17
17
(13)


2001–2003
Australia U20
24
(16)


2003–2004
Australia U23
3
(0)


2006–2012
Australia
26
(0)


* Senior club appearances and goals counted for the domestic league only and correct as of 17:30, 1 June 2017 (UTC).


Scott Douglas McDonald (born 21 August 1983) is an Australian professional footballer who plays for Dundee United. Originally a striker, McDonald can also play as an attacking midfielder.



Contents


1 Club career

1.1 Early career
1.2 Motherwell
1.3 Celtic
1.4 Middlesbrough
1.5 Millwall
1.6 Motherwell (second spell)
1.7 Dundee United


2 International career
3 Career statistics
4 Honours

4.1 Club
4.2 International
4.3 Individual


5 References
6 External links



Club career[edit]
Early career[edit]
McDonald began his career at Doveton, before joining Casey Comets. He made three appearances on loan from his Victorian State League club, Cranbourne Comets, with Gippsland Falcons in the ANSL, where he became the club's youngest ever NSL player, replacing Jason Marsh, when making his first-team debut aged just fifteen.
McDonald started off as a trainee with Southampton in 2001 where he managed only three appearances (one first-team start and two as a substitute),[2] being loaned to Huddersfield Town[3] where again he had chances to play first team football. McDonald scored just once for Huddersfield, in a 2–1 defeat to Tranmere Rovers[4] and Bournemouth (scoring once against Shrewsbury).[5] Upon reaching the end of his contract with Southampton he signed for Wimbledon on a rolling monthly contract.[6]
He had talks with Drogheda United in 2003 but failed to agree terms.
Motherwell[edit]
McDonald went on trial with Scottish Premier League club Dundee United, but failed to win a contract and instead signed for league rivals Motherwell in January 2004.[7] After signing for Motherwell, McDonald had a slow start, scoring only one goal during the second half of the 2003–04 season despite impressive performances. The following season he scored 15 goals. McDonald famously scored two late goals against Celtic at the end of the 2004–05 season to deny them the Scottish Premier League title which was instead won by their arch-rivals Rangers.[8] In the 2005–06 season, McDonald scored 11 goals in 35 appearances, and in the following season, scored 15 goals in 32 appearances. His goal against Falkirk on 25 November 2006, was the 5000th goal in the SPL since its formation in 1998.[9] In his successful stint with Well, he scored 45 goals in 108 appearances.
In December 2007, McDonald was named BBC Sportsound Player of the Year for his eight man-of-the-match performances throughout the 2006–07 season.[10]
Celtic[edit]




McDonald playing for Celtic






McDonald playing for Celtic in 2008.


In March 2007, after a £400,000 bid from Rangers had been rejected in January,[11] Motherwell accepted an offer of £700,000 from McDonald's boyhood favourites Celtic,[12] with McDonald moving to Celtic Park at the start of the 2007–08 season.[13]
McDonald made his competitive debut for Celtic in the first leg of the UEFA Champions League third qualifying-round match against Spartak Moscow at Luzhniki Stadium, assisting Paul Hartley for Celtic's goal as the game finished 1–1.[14] His first goal for the club came in the second leg of the tie at Celtic Park. A mistake by Spartak defender Roman Shishkin allowed McDonald to slip in and hit the ball first time past Stipe Pletikosa. This match also ended 1–1, but Celtic won 4–3 on penalties.[15] Just days later in an away league match against St Mirren, McDonald latched onto a long Gary Caldwell pass to lob Chris Smith from a tight angle and score his first SPL goal for the club.[16] He followed that up with the winning goal in the final minute of their 2–1 UEFA Champions League group-stage win against A.C. Milan on 3 October[17] and another last minute winner just days later at Gretna. In a pulsating clash with Old Firm rivals Rangers on 16 April 2008, McDonald set up his Dutch strike partner Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink for a last minute goal that kept Celtic in the 2007–08 SPL title race,[18] before scoring a double and winning a penalty scored by Barry Robson in another vital 3–2 Old Firm victory eleven days later.[19] At the end of the season, McDonald was rewarded with a new five-year deal at Parkhead[20] and was nominated for SPL Player of the Year. He scored 25 goals in 36 league appearances in his first season at Celtic and was the top goalscorer during the 2007–08 season, beating the next highest goalscorer and strike partner Vennegoor of Hesselink by 10 goals. This breakthrough season included two hat-tricks; against Dundee United and former club Motherwell. In total, McDonald scored 31 times in his first season at Parkhead.
McDonald wore the number 27 shirt in his first season with Celtic, but in July 2008 he was given number 7, which he also wore at Motherwell. After a sluggish start to the 2008–09 season, not scoring in any of the first four games, he opened his account against Motherwell, scoring Celtic's third goal in a 4–2 win at Fir Park. On 5 November 2008 McDonald scored the opening goal in a 1–1 draw with Manchester United at Celtic Park in the Champions League with a well executed lob over Ben Foster. Only three days later, McDonald continued to haunt his former club Motherwell with a low strike from outside the penalty area. Celtic won this match 2–0. On 27 December 2008, he scored the only goal in a 1–0 victory at Ibrox during the Old Firm derby, helping his team bring the three points home. On 27 January 2009, McDonald scored twice in the dramatic 11–10 penalty shoot-out victory against Dundee United[21] to send Celtic through to the League Cup final, which they won 2–0 against archrivals Rangers. This win gave McDonald his first domestic cup trophy at Celtic.
McDonald scored his 49th and 50th Celtic goals at Pittodrie against Aberdeen on 2 May as Celtic ran out 3–1 winners. On 3 July, McDonald was handed the Celtic captaincy for a pre-season game against Brisbane Roar, due to the injury to Stephen McManus and the departure of vice-captain Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink. On 5 August, he scored the opening goal against Dynamo Moscow in Russia, a game which Celtic went on to win 2–0, to progress to the final qualifying round of the Champions League. On 5 December, McDonald scored his 50th league goal for Celtic against Aberdeen. McDonald scored a total of 65 goals for Celtic.
Middlesbrough[edit]
On 7 January 2010, Celtic rejected a transfer bid from Premier League side Wigan Athletic for the Australian striker,[22] but on 1 February – transfer deadline day – Celtic sold McDonald to Middlesbrough for a reported £3.5 million.[23] He joined up with Gordon Strachan, whom he played under at Celtic and Southampton, and also rejoined four of his former teammates, Willo Flood, Barry Robson, Chris Killen and Stephen McManus. On 16 February 2010, he missed a penalty against Blackpool in a 2–0 loss.[24] McDonald scored his first Middlesbrough goal in the Tyne-Tees derby against Newcastle on 13 March.[25] After a return from injury, McDonald scored three times in four games against Crystal Palace, Sheffield Wednesday and Coventry City.[26][27]
McDonald made a bright start to the 2010–11 season scoring twice in his first two games against Ipswich[28] and Chesterfield in the League Cup.[29] On 9 November 2010, he scored the second in Middlesbrough's 2–0 win over Scunthorpe.[30] On 1 March 2011, McDonald scored the opener in his team's 1–1 draw with Nottingham Forest, he followed this by scoring the leveller in his team's 2–1 victory at home to Watford on 19 March 2011.[31][32] McDonald followed this by scoring twice in two games, in two draws against Ipswich Town[33] and Barnsley.[34] On 23 April 2011, McDonald scored a hat-trick in Middlesbrough's 2–4 away win at Hull.[35]
McDonald scored his first goal of the 2011–12 season in a 3–1 victory over Barnsley on 16 August 2011.[36] On 5 November 2011, he got his first in 12 matches, scoring the only goal in Middlesbrough's 1–0 victory over Watford at the Riverside.[37] He scored a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–2 draw with Blackpool. On 10 December, McDonald scored the only goal of the game against Brighton, after a defensive error from Casper Ankergren. McDonald continued his impressive form, as he scored Boro's second in a 3–2 victory, over Welsh side Cardiff City. McDonald then scored in the New Year's Eve clash against Peterborough at the Riverside, the game finished 1–1.
On 6 October 2012, McDonald made his first appearance of the season against Watford, as a first half sub, coming on for teammate Justin Hoyte, in which McDonald scored the winner in a 2–1 victory. Continuing from the Watford game, McDonald came off the bench to score a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–1 win against Bolton.[38] His form continued as he scored the winning goal in a Tees – Wear derby against Sunderland resulting in a 1–0 victory to the Boro.[39]
Millwall[edit]
On 23 July 2013, Scott McDonald put pen-to-paper on a two-year deal with Millwall. He scored his first goal for the club in a 1–0 victory over Charlton.[40] McDonald left Millwall on 24 January 2015, with the club cancelling his contract.[41]
Motherwell (second spell)[edit]
On 26 February 2015, McDonald signed for Motherwell for a second time, agreeing a contract until the end of the 2014–15 season.[42] He made his second debut on 28 February 2015, in a 2–1 win against Inverness CT.[43] He scored his first goal since returning to the club on 7 March 2015, scoring with a free-kick in a 1–1 draw against Kilmarnock.[44]
On 21 July 2015, McDonald signed a new one-year contract, with the option of a second.[45] On 1 July 2016, McDonald signed a new one-year contact to stay at Motherwell.[46] Later that month, Motherwell rejected an offer from an unnamed A-League side, later revealed to be the Western Sydney Wanderers,[47] for McDonald.[48]
In May 2017, Motherwell announced that McDonald would be leaving the club after he had decided not to take up the option of another year on his contract.[49]
Dundee United[edit]
Following his departure from Motherwell, McDonald was expected to return to Australia. However it was announced in July 2017 that he had signed for Scottish Championship club, Dundee United on a one-year deal.[50]
International career[edit]




McDonald training for Australia in 2009


Having represented Australia at under-17, under-20 and under-23 levels, McDonald made his international debut for Australia against Bahrain on 22 February 2006 in an Asian Cup qualifier. He played in the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship. McDonald was a starter in the Australia squad that started off qualification for the 2010 World Cup with a 3–0 win over Qatar in February, setting up a goal for Mark Bresciano, but yet to score a goal at international level himself. On 11 May 2010 McDonald was named by Australian coach Pim Verbeek in a provisional 31-man squad for the 2010 World Cup. On 25 May it was announced that he had been omitted from the final 23-man squad for the finals.[51]
McDonald's most recent appearance came on 15 August 2012 against Scotland coming on as a substitute in the second half, playing alongside fellow Middlesbrough teammate Rhys Williams. Australia went on to lose 3–1.
Career statistics[edit]

As of 17 May 2017[52][53]



Club
Season
Division
League
Cup
League Cup
Other
Total


Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals


Gippsland Falcons
1998–99
National Soccer League
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
0


Southampton
2001–02
Premier League
2
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
3
0


Huddersfield Town
2002–03
Football League One
13
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
14
1


Bournemouth
2002–03
Football League Two
8
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
8
1


Wimbledon
2003–04
Football League Championship
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0


Motherwell
2003–04
Scottish Premier League
15
1
3
1
0
0
0
0
18
2


2004–05
27
15
1
0
4
0
0
0
32
15


2005–06
34
11
0
0
4
1
0
0
38
12


2006–07
32
15
3
1
2
0
0
0
37
16


Total
108
42
7
2
10
1
0
0
125
45


Celtic
2007–08
Scottish Premier League
36
25
4
3
2
1
10
2
52
31


2008–09
34
16
3
1
4
1
6
1
47
19


2009–10
18
10
0
0
2
2
8
2
28
14


Total
88
51
7
4
8
4
24
5
127
64


Middlesbrough
2009–10
Football League Championship
13
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
13
4


2010–11
38
12
0
0
2
2
0
0
40
14


2011–12
33
9
2
0
1
0
0
0
36
9


2012–13
32
12
1
0
2
1
0
0
35
13


Total
116
37
3
0
5
3
0
0
124
40


Millwall
2013–14
Football League Championship
32
3
0
0
2
0
0
0
34
3


2014–15
23
2
1
1
1
0
0
0
25
3


Total
55
5
1
1
3
0
0
0
59
6


Motherwell
2014–15
Scottish Premiership
11
5
0
0
0
0
2
0
13
5


2015–16
37
10
2
2
2
2
0
0
41
14


2016–17
35
9
1
0
4
2
0
0
40
11


Total
83
24
3
2
6
4
2
0
94
30


Career Total
478
161
21
9
34
12
26
5
559
187


Honours[edit]
Club[edit]

Celtic


Scottish Premier League: 2007–08[1]
Scottish League Cup: 2008–09[1]

International[edit]

Australia


1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship runners-up
2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up

Individual[edit]

2003 OFC U-20 Championship Top scorer
SPL Player of the Month: September 2004,[54] September 2007,[55] March 2009[56]
Motherwell FC Supporters Player of the Year: 2004–05
BBC Sportsound Player of the Year: 2007
SPL Top Scorer: 2007–08

References[edit]


^ a b c d Hugman, Barry J., ed. (2010). The PFA Footballers' Who's Who 2010–11. Edinburgh: Mainstream Publishing. p. 265. ISBN 978-1-84596-601-0. 
^ Holley, Duncan; Chalk, Gary (2003). In That Number – A post-war chronicle of Southampton FC. Hagiology Publishing. pp. 547–548. ISBN 0-9534474-3-X. 
^ "Huddersfield land McDonald". BBC Sport. 4 July 2002. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Tranmere 2–1 Huddersfield". BBC Sport. 26 August 2002. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "Bournemouth 2–1 Shrewsbury". BBC Sport. 21 April 2003. Archived from the original on 24 April 2003. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "McDonald earns Dons deal". BBC Sport. 19 August 2003. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell sign McDonald". BBC Sport. 6 January 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. 22 May 2005. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald savours goal milestone". BBC Sport. 28 November 2006. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Sportsound Player of the Year". BBC Sport. 23 December 2007. Archived from the original on 6 January 2008. Retrieved 6 January 2008. 
^ "Rangers miss out on McDonald bid". BBC Sport. 1 February 2007. Archived from the original on 3 February 2007. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ "Celtic complete McDonald capture". BBC Sport. 30 March 2007. Archived from the original on 17 April 2007. 
^ "Celtic agree terms for McDonald". BBC Sport. 28 March 2007. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (15 August 2007). "Spartak Moscow 1–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 11 November 2012. 
^ Moffat, Colin (29 August 2007). "Celtic 1–1 Spartak Moscow". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 3 January 2008. 
^ "St Mirren 1–5 Celtic". BBC Sport. 2 September 2007. Archived from the original on 23 March 2012. 
^ "Celtic 2–1 AC Milan". BBC Sport. 3 October 2007. Archived from the original on 11 October 2007. 
^ Moffat, Colin (16 April 2008). "Celtic 2–1 Rangers". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 20 April 2008. 
^ "Celtic 3–2 Rangers". BBC Sport. 27 April 2008. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "McDonald extends Celtic contract". BBC Sport. 17 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 July 2008. Retrieved 18 June 2008. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (28 January 2009). "Celtic 0–0 Dundee U (11–10 pens)". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "THE INSIDER: London calling John Carew as Spurs target Aston Villa striker and Wigan want Celtic's awesome Aussie Scott McDonald". Mail Online. 7 January 2010. Archived from the original on 10 January 2010. Retrieved 23 April 2011. 
^ McLaughlin, Chris (1 February 2010). "Middlesbrough and Celtic agree a deal for McDonald". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 22 March 2010. 
^ "Strachan fumes at decisions". The Northern Echo. 17 February 2010. Archived from the original on 21 February 2010. 
^ Henson, Mike (13 March 2010). "Middlesbrough 2 – 2 Newcastle". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 15 March 2010. Retrieved 13 March 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–0 Sheff Wed". BBC Sport. 10 April 2010. Archived from the original on 12 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Coventry". BBC Sport. 24 April 2010. Archived from the original on 27 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1 – 3 Ipswich". BBC Sport. 7 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Chesterfield 1–2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 10 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Scunthorpe 0 – 2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 9 November 2010. Archived from the original on 11 November 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Nottm Forest". BBC Sport. 1 March 2011. Archived from the original on 2 March 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough 2–1 Watford". BBC Sport. 19 March 2011. Archived from the original on 22 March 2011. 
^ "Ipswich Town 3 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 12 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 Barnsley 1". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 19 April 2011. 
^ Hull City 2 Boro 4 Middlesbrough F.C., 23 April 2011
^ "Barnsley 1 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 – 0 Watford". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough come from behind to beat Bolton as Freedman looks on". The Guardian. 27 October 2012. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Young, Colin (30 October 2012). "Sunderland 0 Middlesbrough 1: McDonald finds strike to embarrass O'Neill". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Kent, David (21 September 2013). "Charlton 0 Millwall 1: McDonald lights up lackluster encounter to give Lions second successive win". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 21 June 2014. 
^ "Scott McDonald: Striker leaves Millwall as contract is cancelled". BBC Sport. 24 January 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ "McDonald makes Fir Park return". Motherwell F.C. 26 February 2015. Retrieved 26 February 2015. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Inverness CT". Motherwell F.C. 28 February 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ McLauchlin, Brian (7 March 2015). "Motherwell 1-1 Kilmarnock". BBC Sport. BBC. Retrieved 7 March 2015. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs on again". Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2015. 
^ http://stv.tv/sport/football/1359298-scott-mcdonald-turns-down-offers-to-sign-new-deal-with-motherwell/
^ "Motherwell turn down Wanderers offer for McDonald". The World Game. Special Broadcasting Service. Retrieved 23 July 2016. 
^ "Club Statement: Scott McDonald". motherwellfc.co.uk. Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2016. Retrieved 21 July 2016. 
^ "Squad update: May 2017". Motherwell F.C. 22 May 2017. Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs one-year deal at Dundee United". BBC Sport. 24 July 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald omitted from Australia World Cup squad". BBC Sport. 25 May 2010. Archived from the original on 14 May 2010. Retrieved 25 May 2010. 
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerbase
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerway
^ "Double joy for Motherwell". BBC Sport. 2 October 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald named player of month". BBC Sport. 11 October 2007. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Player prize for Celtic striker". BBC Sport. 7 April 2009. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Scott McDonald.



Scott McDonald at Soccerbase 
Player profile – Scott McDonald Football Federation Australia







v
t
e


Australia squad – 2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up






1 Schwarzer
2 Neill (c)
3 Carney
4 Cahill
5 Culina
6 Ognenovski
7 Emerton
8 Wilkshire
9 McDonald
10 Kewell
11 Burns
12 Coe
13 North
14 Holman
15 Jedinak
16 Valeri
17 McKay
18 Jones
19 Oar
20 Spiranovic
21 McKain
22 Kilkenny
23 Kruse
Coach: Osieck













Awards











v
t
e


Scottish League top division top scorers



League



1891: Bell
1892: Bell
1893: Campbell / McMahon





Division One



1894: McMahon
1895: J. Miller
1896: Martin
1897: Taylor
1898: Hamilton
1899: Hamilton
1900: Hamilton / Michael
1901: Hamilton
1902: Maxwell
1903: D. Reid
1904: Hamilton
1905: Hamilton / Quinn
1906: Quinn
1907: Quinn
1908: Simpson
1909: Hunter
1910: Quinn
1911: W. Reid
1912: W. Reid
1913: J. Reid
1914: J. Reid
1915: Gracie / Richardson
1916: McColl
1917: Yarnall
1918: H. Ferguson
1919: McLean
1920: H. Ferguson
1921: H. Ferguson
1922: Walker
1923: White
1924: Halliday
1925: Devlin
1926: Devlin
1927: McGrory
1928: McGrory
1929: Morrison
1930: Yorston
1931: Battles
1932: MacFadyen
1933: MacFadyen
1934: Smith
1935: Smith
1936: McGrory
1937: Wilson
1938: Black
1939: Venters





Division A



1947: Mitchell
1948: Aikman
1949: Stott
1950: Bauld
1951: Reilly
1952: Reilly
1953: Fleming / Reilly
1954: Wardhaugh
1955: Bauld
1956: Wardhaugh





Division One



1957: Baird
1958: Bauld / Murray
1959: Baker
1960: Baker
1961: Harley
1962: Gilzean
1963: Millar
1964: Gilzean
1965: Forrest
1966: A. Ferguson / McBride
1967: Chalmers
1968: Lennox
1969: Cameron
1970: Stein
1971: Hood
1972: Harper
1973: Gordon
1974: Deans
1975: Gray / Pettigrew





Premier Division



1976: Dalglish
1977: Pettigrew
1978: Johnstone
1979: Ritchie
1980: Somner
1981: McGarvey
1982: McCluskey
1983: Nicholas
1984: McClair
1985: McDougall
1986: McCoist
1987: McClair
1988: Coyne
1989: McGhee / Nicholas
1990: Robertson
1991: Coyne
1992: McCoist
1993: McCoist
1994: Hateley
1995: Coyne
1996: Van Hooijdonk
1997: Cadete
1998: Negri





SPL



1999: Larsson
2000: Viduka
2001: Larsson
2002: Larsson
2003: Larsson
2004: Larsson
2005: Hartson
2006: Boyd
2007: Boyd
2008: McDonald
2009: Boyd
2010: Boyd
2011: K. Miller
2012: Hooper
2013: Higdon





Premiership



2014: Commons
2015: Rooney
2016: Griffiths
2017: Boyce












v
t
e


2006–07 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Russell Anderson
DF: Stephen McManus
DF: Lee Naylor
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
FW: Steven Naismith
FW: Kris Boyd
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2007–08 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Carlos Cuéllar
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Barry Robson
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2008–09 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Allan McGregor
DF: Andreas Hinkel
DF: Madjid Bougherra
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Steven Davis
MF: Pedro Mendes
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Kenny Miller
FW: Scott McDonald

















v
t
e


Dundee United F.C. – current squad







1 Bell
2 Murdoch
3 Scobbie
4 Durnan
5 Donaldson
6 Toshney
7 McMullan
8 McDonald
9 N'Koyi
10 Fraser
11 King
12 Stanton
14 Edjenguélé
16 Flood
17 Robson
18 Allardice
19 Keatings
20 Briels
21 Mehmet
25 Lewis
26 Ballantyne
27 B. Smith
28 M. Smith
44 Thomas
Manager: McKinnon











 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_McDonald&oldid=792300447"					
Categories: 1983 birthsLiving peopleSoccer players from MelbourneAustralian people of Scottish descentAustralian soccer playersAustralian expatriate soccer playersAustralia international soccer playersPremier League playersEnglish Football League playersScottish Premier League playersScottish Professional Football League playersNational Soccer League (Australia) playersExpatriate footballers in ScotlandExpatriate footballers in EnglandAustralian expatriates in ScotlandA.F.C. Bournemouth playersCeltic F.C. playersGippsland Falcons playersMotherwell F.C. playersHuddersfield Town A.F.C. playersSouthampton F.C. playersWimbledon F.C. playersMiddlesbrough F.C. playersMillwall F.C. playersDundee United F.C. playersAustralian expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom2011 AFC Asian Cup playersScottish league football top scorersAssociation football forwardsHidden categories: Soccerbase player ID same as WikidataSoccerway player ID same as WikidataWikipedia introduction cleanup from July 2013All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from July 2013All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyEngvarB from June 2013Use dmy dates from June 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어ItalianoMagyarMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Scott McDonald - Wikipedia






















 






Scott McDonald

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Scott Douglas McDonald)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Scott McDonald, see Scott McDonald (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (July 2013)



Scott McDonald


McDonald with Australia in 2010



Personal information


Full name
Scott Douglas McDonald[1]


Date of birth
(1983-08-21) 21 August 1983 (age 33)[1]


Place of birth
Melbourne, Australia


Height
1.73 m (5 ft 8 in)


Playing position
Striker / Attacking midfielder


Club information



Current team

Dundee United


Number
8


Youth career


1998
Gippsland Falcons


Senior career*


Years
Team
Apps
(Gls)


1998–1999
Gippsland Falcons
3
(0)


1999–2000
Cranbourne Comets
10
(3)


2000–2002
Southampton
2
(0)


2002
→ Huddersfield Town (loan)
13
(1)


2002
→ Bournemouth (loan)
8
(1)


2003
Wimbledon
2
(0)


2004–2007
Motherwell
108
(42)


2007–2010
Celtic
88
(51)


2010–2013
Middlesbrough
116
(37)


2013–2015
Millwall
56
(5)


2015–2017
Motherwell
83
(24)


2017–
Dundee United
0
(0)


National team


1999–2000
Australia U17
17
(13)


2001–2003
Australia U20
24
(16)


2003–2004
Australia U23
3
(0)


2006–2012
Australia
26
(0)


* Senior club appearances and goals counted for the domestic league only and correct as of 17:30, 1 June 2017 (UTC).


Scott Douglas McDonald (born 21 August 1983) is an Australian professional footballer who plays for Dundee United. Originally a striker, McDonald can also play as an attacking midfielder.



Contents


1 Club career

1.1 Early career
1.2 Motherwell
1.3 Celtic
1.4 Middlesbrough
1.5 Millwall
1.6 Motherwell (second spell)
1.7 Dundee United


2 International career
3 Career statistics
4 Honours

4.1 Club
4.2 International
4.3 Individual


5 References
6 External links



Club career[edit]
Early career[edit]
McDonald began his career at Doveton, before joining Casey Comets. He made three appearances on loan from his Victorian State League club, Cranbourne Comets, with Gippsland Falcons in the ANSL, where he became the club's youngest ever NSL player, replacing Jason Marsh, when making his first-team debut aged just fifteen.
McDonald started off as a trainee with Southampton in 2001 where he managed only three appearances (one first-team start and two as a substitute),[2] being loaned to Huddersfield Town[3] where again he had chances to play first team football. McDonald scored just once for Huddersfield, in a 2–1 defeat to Tranmere Rovers[4] and Bournemouth (scoring once against Shrewsbury).[5] Upon reaching the end of his contract with Southampton he signed for Wimbledon on a rolling monthly contract.[6]
He had talks with Drogheda United in 2003 but failed to agree terms.
Motherwell[edit]
McDonald went on trial with Scottish Premier League club Dundee United, but failed to win a contract and instead signed for league rivals Motherwell in January 2004.[7] After signing for Motherwell, McDonald had a slow start, scoring only one goal during the second half of the 2003–04 season despite impressive performances. The following season he scored 15 goals. McDonald famously scored two late goals against Celtic at the end of the 2004–05 season to deny them the Scottish Premier League title which was instead won by their arch-rivals Rangers.[8] In the 2005–06 season, McDonald scored 11 goals in 35 appearances, and in the following season, scored 15 goals in 32 appearances. His goal against Falkirk on 25 November 2006, was the 5000th goal in the SPL since its formation in 1998.[9] In his successful stint with Well, he scored 45 goals in 108 appearances.
In December 2007, McDonald was named BBC Sportsound Player of the Year for his eight man-of-the-match performances throughout the 2006–07 season.[10]
Celtic[edit]




McDonald playing for Celtic






McDonald playing for Celtic in 2008.


In March 2007, after a £400,000 bid from Rangers had been rejected in January,[11] Motherwell accepted an offer of £700,000 from McDonald's boyhood favourites Celtic,[12] with McDonald moving to Celtic Park at the start of the 2007–08 season.[13]
McDonald made his competitive debut for Celtic in the first leg of the UEFA Champions League third qualifying-round match against Spartak Moscow at Luzhniki Stadium, assisting Paul Hartley for Celtic's goal as the game finished 1–1.[14] His first goal for the club came in the second leg of the tie at Celtic Park. A mistake by Spartak defender Roman Shishkin allowed McDonald to slip in and hit the ball first time past Stipe Pletikosa. This match also ended 1–1, but Celtic won 4–3 on penalties.[15] Just days later in an away league match against St Mirren, McDonald latched onto a long Gary Caldwell pass to lob Chris Smith from a tight angle and score his first SPL goal for the club.[16] He followed that up with the winning goal in the final minute of their 2–1 UEFA Champions League group-stage win against A.C. Milan on 3 October[17] and another last minute winner just days later at Gretna. In a pulsating clash with Old Firm rivals Rangers on 16 April 2008, McDonald set up his Dutch strike partner Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink for a last minute goal that kept Celtic in the 2007–08 SPL title race,[18] before scoring a double and winning a penalty scored by Barry Robson in another vital 3–2 Old Firm victory eleven days later.[19] At the end of the season, McDonald was rewarded with a new five-year deal at Parkhead[20] and was nominated for SPL Player of the Year. He scored 25 goals in 36 league appearances in his first season at Celtic and was the top goalscorer during the 2007–08 season, beating the next highest goalscorer and strike partner Vennegoor of Hesselink by 10 goals. This breakthrough season included two hat-tricks; against Dundee United and former club Motherwell. In total, McDonald scored 31 times in his first season at Parkhead.
McDonald wore the number 27 shirt in his first season with Celtic, but in July 2008 he was given number 7, which he also wore at Motherwell. After a sluggish start to the 2008–09 season, not scoring in any of the first four games, he opened his account against Motherwell, scoring Celtic's third goal in a 4–2 win at Fir Park. On 5 November 2008 McDonald scored the opening goal in a 1–1 draw with Manchester United at Celtic Park in the Champions League with a well executed lob over Ben Foster. Only three days later, McDonald continued to haunt his former club Motherwell with a low strike from outside the penalty area. Celtic won this match 2–0. On 27 December 2008, he scored the only goal in a 1–0 victory at Ibrox during the Old Firm derby, helping his team bring the three points home. On 27 January 2009, McDonald scored twice in the dramatic 11–10 penalty shoot-out victory against Dundee United[21] to send Celtic through to the League Cup final, which they won 2–0 against archrivals Rangers. This win gave McDonald his first domestic cup trophy at Celtic.
McDonald scored his 49th and 50th Celtic goals at Pittodrie against Aberdeen on 2 May as Celtic ran out 3–1 winners. On 3 July, McDonald was handed the Celtic captaincy for a pre-season game against Brisbane Roar, due to the injury to Stephen McManus and the departure of vice-captain Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink. On 5 August, he scored the opening goal against Dynamo Moscow in Russia, a game which Celtic went on to win 2–0, to progress to the final qualifying round of the Champions League. On 5 December, McDonald scored his 50th league goal for Celtic against Aberdeen. McDonald scored a total of 65 goals for Celtic.
Middlesbrough[edit]
On 7 January 2010, Celtic rejected a transfer bid from Premier League side Wigan Athletic for the Australian striker,[22] but on 1 February – transfer deadline day – Celtic sold McDonald to Middlesbrough for a reported £3.5 million.[23] He joined up with Gordon Strachan, whom he played under at Celtic and Southampton, and also rejoined four of his former teammates, Willo Flood, Barry Robson, Chris Killen and Stephen McManus. On 16 February 2010, he missed a penalty against Blackpool in a 2–0 loss.[24] McDonald scored his first Middlesbrough goal in the Tyne-Tees derby against Newcastle on 13 March.[25] After a return from injury, McDonald scored three times in four games against Crystal Palace, Sheffield Wednesday and Coventry City.[26][27]
McDonald made a bright start to the 2010–11 season scoring twice in his first two games against Ipswich[28] and Chesterfield in the League Cup.[29] On 9 November 2010, he scored the second in Middlesbrough's 2–0 win over Scunthorpe.[30] On 1 March 2011, McDonald scored the opener in his team's 1–1 draw with Nottingham Forest, he followed this by scoring the leveller in his team's 2–1 victory at home to Watford on 19 March 2011.[31][32] McDonald followed this by scoring twice in two games, in two draws against Ipswich Town[33] and Barnsley.[34] On 23 April 2011, McDonald scored a hat-trick in Middlesbrough's 2–4 away win at Hull.[35]
McDonald scored his first goal of the 2011–12 season in a 3–1 victory over Barnsley on 16 August 2011.[36] On 5 November 2011, he got his first in 12 matches, scoring the only goal in Middlesbrough's 1–0 victory over Watford at the Riverside.[37] He scored a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–2 draw with Blackpool. On 10 December, McDonald scored the only goal of the game against Brighton, after a defensive error from Casper Ankergren. McDonald continued his impressive form, as he scored Boro's second in a 3–2 victory, over Welsh side Cardiff City. McDonald then scored in the New Year's Eve clash against Peterborough at the Riverside, the game finished 1–1.
On 6 October 2012, McDonald made his first appearance of the season against Watford, as a first half sub, coming on for teammate Justin Hoyte, in which McDonald scored the winner in a 2–1 victory. Continuing from the Watford game, McDonald came off the bench to score a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–1 win against Bolton.[38] His form continued as he scored the winning goal in a Tees – Wear derby against Sunderland resulting in a 1–0 victory to the Boro.[39]
Millwall[edit]
On 23 July 2013, Scott McDonald put pen-to-paper on a two-year deal with Millwall. He scored his first goal for the club in a 1–0 victory over Charlton.[40] McDonald left Millwall on 24 January 2015, with the club cancelling his contract.[41]
Motherwell (second spell)[edit]
On 26 February 2015, McDonald signed for Motherwell for a second time, agreeing a contract until the end of the 2014–15 season.[42] He made his second debut on 28 February 2015, in a 2–1 win against Inverness CT.[43] He scored his first goal since returning to the club on 7 March 2015, scoring with a free-kick in a 1–1 draw against Kilmarnock.[44]
On 21 July 2015, McDonald signed a new one-year contract, with the option of a second.[45] On 1 July 2016, McDonald signed a new one-year contact to stay at Motherwell.[46] Later that month, Motherwell rejected an offer from an unnamed A-League side, later revealed to be the Western Sydney Wanderers,[47] for McDonald.[48]
In May 2017, Motherwell announced that McDonald would be leaving the club after he had decided not to take up the option of another year on his contract.[49]
Dundee United[edit]
Following his departure from Motherwell, McDonald was expected to return to Australia. However it was announced in July 2017 that he had signed for Scottish Championship club, Dundee United on a one-year deal.[50]
International career[edit]




McDonald training for Australia in 2009


Having represented Australia at under-17, under-20 and under-23 levels, McDonald made his international debut for Australia against Bahrain on 22 February 2006 in an Asian Cup qualifier. He played in the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship. McDonald was a starter in the Australia squad that started off qualification for the 2010 World Cup with a 3–0 win over Qatar in February, setting up a goal for Mark Bresciano, but yet to score a goal at international level himself. On 11 May 2010 McDonald was named by Australian coach Pim Verbeek in a provisional 31-man squad for the 2010 World Cup. On 25 May it was announced that he had been omitted from the final 23-man squad for the finals.[51]
McDonald's most recent appearance came on 15 August 2012 against Scotland coming on as a substitute in the second half, playing alongside fellow Middlesbrough teammate Rhys Williams. Australia went on to lose 3–1.
Career statistics[edit]

As of 17 May 2017[52][53]



Club
Season
Division
League
Cup
League Cup
Other
Total


Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals


Gippsland Falcons
1998–99
National Soccer League
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
0


Southampton
2001–02
Premier League
2
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
3
0


Huddersfield Town
2002–03
Football League One
13
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
14
1


Bournemouth
2002–03
Football League Two
8
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
8
1


Wimbledon
2003–04
Football League Championship
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0


Motherwell
2003–04
Scottish Premier League
15
1
3
1
0
0
0
0
18
2


2004–05
27
15
1
0
4
0
0
0
32
15


2005–06
34
11
0
0
4
1
0
0
38
12


2006–07
32
15
3
1
2
0
0
0
37
16


Total
108
42
7
2
10
1
0
0
125
45


Celtic
2007–08
Scottish Premier League
36
25
4
3
2
1
10
2
52
31


2008–09
34
16
3
1
4
1
6
1
47
19


2009–10
18
10
0
0
2
2
8
2
28
14


Total
88
51
7
4
8
4
24
5
127
64


Middlesbrough
2009–10
Football League Championship
13
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
13
4


2010–11
38
12
0
0
2
2
0
0
40
14


2011–12
33
9
2
0
1
0
0
0
36
9


2012–13
32
12
1
0
2
1
0
0
35
13


Total
116
37
3
0
5
3
0
0
124
40


Millwall
2013–14
Football League Championship
32
3
0
0
2
0
0
0
34
3


2014–15
23
2
1
1
1
0
0
0
25
3


Total
55
5
1
1
3
0
0
0
59
6


Motherwell
2014–15
Scottish Premiership
11
5
0
0
0
0
2
0
13
5


2015–16
37
10
2
2
2
2
0
0
41
14


2016–17
35
9
1
0
4
2
0
0
40
11


Total
83
24
3
2
6
4
2
0
94
30


Career Total
478
161
21
9
34
12
26
5
559
187


Honours[edit]
Club[edit]

Celtic


Scottish Premier League: 2007–08[1]
Scottish League Cup: 2008–09[1]

International[edit]

Australia


1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship runners-up
2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up

Individual[edit]

2003 OFC U-20 Championship Top scorer
SPL Player of the Month: September 2004,[54] September 2007,[55] March 2009[56]
Motherwell FC Supporters Player of the Year: 2004–05
BBC Sportsound Player of the Year: 2007
SPL Top Scorer: 2007–08

References[edit]


^ a b c d Hugman, Barry J., ed. (2010). The PFA Footballers' Who's Who 2010–11. Edinburgh: Mainstream Publishing. p. 265. ISBN 978-1-84596-601-0. 
^ Holley, Duncan; Chalk, Gary (2003). In That Number – A post-war chronicle of Southampton FC. Hagiology Publishing. pp. 547–548. ISBN 0-9534474-3-X. 
^ "Huddersfield land McDonald". BBC Sport. 4 July 2002. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Tranmere 2–1 Huddersfield". BBC Sport. 26 August 2002. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "Bournemouth 2–1 Shrewsbury". BBC Sport. 21 April 2003. Archived from the original on 24 April 2003. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "McDonald earns Dons deal". BBC Sport. 19 August 2003. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell sign McDonald". BBC Sport. 6 January 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. 22 May 2005. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald savours goal milestone". BBC Sport. 28 November 2006. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Sportsound Player of the Year". BBC Sport. 23 December 2007. Archived from the original on 6 January 2008. Retrieved 6 January 2008. 
^ "Rangers miss out on McDonald bid". BBC Sport. 1 February 2007. Archived from the original on 3 February 2007. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ "Celtic complete McDonald capture". BBC Sport. 30 March 2007. Archived from the original on 17 April 2007. 
^ "Celtic agree terms for McDonald". BBC Sport. 28 March 2007. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (15 August 2007). "Spartak Moscow 1–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 11 November 2012. 
^ Moffat, Colin (29 August 2007). "Celtic 1–1 Spartak Moscow". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 3 January 2008. 
^ "St Mirren 1–5 Celtic". BBC Sport. 2 September 2007. Archived from the original on 23 March 2012. 
^ "Celtic 2–1 AC Milan". BBC Sport. 3 October 2007. Archived from the original on 11 October 2007. 
^ Moffat, Colin (16 April 2008). "Celtic 2–1 Rangers". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 20 April 2008. 
^ "Celtic 3–2 Rangers". BBC Sport. 27 April 2008. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "McDonald extends Celtic contract". BBC Sport. 17 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 July 2008. Retrieved 18 June 2008. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (28 January 2009). "Celtic 0–0 Dundee U (11–10 pens)". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "THE INSIDER: London calling John Carew as Spurs target Aston Villa striker and Wigan want Celtic's awesome Aussie Scott McDonald". Mail Online. 7 January 2010. Archived from the original on 10 January 2010. Retrieved 23 April 2011. 
^ McLaughlin, Chris (1 February 2010). "Middlesbrough and Celtic agree a deal for McDonald". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 22 March 2010. 
^ "Strachan fumes at decisions". The Northern Echo. 17 February 2010. Archived from the original on 21 February 2010. 
^ Henson, Mike (13 March 2010). "Middlesbrough 2 – 2 Newcastle". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 15 March 2010. Retrieved 13 March 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–0 Sheff Wed". BBC Sport. 10 April 2010. Archived from the original on 12 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Coventry". BBC Sport. 24 April 2010. Archived from the original on 27 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1 – 3 Ipswich". BBC Sport. 7 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Chesterfield 1–2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 10 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Scunthorpe 0 – 2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 9 November 2010. Archived from the original on 11 November 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Nottm Forest". BBC Sport. 1 March 2011. Archived from the original on 2 March 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough 2–1 Watford". BBC Sport. 19 March 2011. Archived from the original on 22 March 2011. 
^ "Ipswich Town 3 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 12 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 Barnsley 1". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 19 April 2011. 
^ Hull City 2 Boro 4 Middlesbrough F.C., 23 April 2011
^ "Barnsley 1 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 – 0 Watford". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough come from behind to beat Bolton as Freedman looks on". The Guardian. 27 October 2012. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Young, Colin (30 October 2012). "Sunderland 0 Middlesbrough 1: McDonald finds strike to embarrass O'Neill". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Kent, David (21 September 2013). "Charlton 0 Millwall 1: McDonald lights up lackluster encounter to give Lions second successive win". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 21 June 2014. 
^ "Scott McDonald: Striker leaves Millwall as contract is cancelled". BBC Sport. 24 January 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ "McDonald makes Fir Park return". Motherwell F.C. 26 February 2015. Retrieved 26 February 2015. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Inverness CT". Motherwell F.C. 28 February 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ McLauchlin, Brian (7 March 2015). "Motherwell 1-1 Kilmarnock". BBC Sport. BBC. Retrieved 7 March 2015. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs on again". Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2015. 
^ http://stv.tv/sport/football/1359298-scott-mcdonald-turns-down-offers-to-sign-new-deal-with-motherwell/
^ "Motherwell turn down Wanderers offer for McDonald". The World Game. Special Broadcasting Service. Retrieved 23 July 2016. 
^ "Club Statement: Scott McDonald". motherwellfc.co.uk. Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2016. Retrieved 21 July 2016. 
^ "Squad update: May 2017". Motherwell F.C. 22 May 2017. Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs one-year deal at Dundee United". BBC Sport. 24 July 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald omitted from Australia World Cup squad". BBC Sport. 25 May 2010. Archived from the original on 14 May 2010. Retrieved 25 May 2010. 
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerbase
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerway
^ "Double joy for Motherwell". BBC Sport. 2 October 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald named player of month". BBC Sport. 11 October 2007. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Player prize for Celtic striker". BBC Sport. 7 April 2009. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Scott McDonald.



Scott McDonald at Soccerbase 
Player profile – Scott McDonald Football Federation Australia







v
t
e


Australia squad – 2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up






1 Schwarzer
2 Neill (c)
3 Carney
4 Cahill
5 Culina
6 Ognenovski
7 Emerton
8 Wilkshire
9 McDonald
10 Kewell
11 Burns
12 Coe
13 North
14 Holman
15 Jedinak
16 Valeri
17 McKay
18 Jones
19 Oar
20 Spiranovic
21 McKain
22 Kilkenny
23 Kruse
Coach: Osieck













Awards











v
t
e


Scottish League top division top scorers



League



1891: Bell
1892: Bell
1893: Campbell / McMahon





Division One



1894: McMahon
1895: J. Miller
1896: Martin
1897: Taylor
1898: Hamilton
1899: Hamilton
1900: Hamilton / Michael
1901: Hamilton
1902: Maxwell
1903: D. Reid
1904: Hamilton
1905: Hamilton / Quinn
1906: Quinn
1907: Quinn
1908: Simpson
1909: Hunter
1910: Quinn
1911: W. Reid
1912: W. Reid
1913: J. Reid
1914: J. Reid
1915: Gracie / Richardson
1916: McColl
1917: Yarnall
1918: H. Ferguson
1919: McLean
1920: H. Ferguson
1921: H. Ferguson
1922: Walker
1923: White
1924: Halliday
1925: Devlin
1926: Devlin
1927: McGrory
1928: McGrory
1929: Morrison
1930: Yorston
1931: Battles
1932: MacFadyen
1933: MacFadyen
1934: Smith
1935: Smith
1936: McGrory
1937: Wilson
1938: Black
1939: Venters





Division A



1947: Mitchell
1948: Aikman
1949: Stott
1950: Bauld
1951: Reilly
1952: Reilly
1953: Fleming / Reilly
1954: Wardhaugh
1955: Bauld
1956: Wardhaugh





Division One



1957: Baird
1958: Bauld / Murray
1959: Baker
1960: Baker
1961: Harley
1962: Gilzean
1963: Millar
1964: Gilzean
1965: Forrest
1966: A. Ferguson / McBride
1967: Chalmers
1968: Lennox
1969: Cameron
1970: Stein
1971: Hood
1972: Harper
1973: Gordon
1974: Deans
1975: Gray / Pettigrew





Premier Division



1976: Dalglish
1977: Pettigrew
1978: Johnstone
1979: Ritchie
1980: Somner
1981: McGarvey
1982: McCluskey
1983: Nicholas
1984: McClair
1985: McDougall
1986: McCoist
1987: McClair
1988: Coyne
1989: McGhee / Nicholas
1990: Robertson
1991: Coyne
1992: McCoist
1993: McCoist
1994: Hateley
1995: Coyne
1996: Van Hooijdonk
1997: Cadete
1998: Negri





SPL



1999: Larsson
2000: Viduka
2001: Larsson
2002: Larsson
2003: Larsson
2004: Larsson
2005: Hartson
2006: Boyd
2007: Boyd
2008: McDonald
2009: Boyd
2010: Boyd
2011: K. Miller
2012: Hooper
2013: Higdon





Premiership



2014: Commons
2015: Rooney
2016: Griffiths
2017: Boyce












v
t
e


2006–07 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Russell Anderson
DF: Stephen McManus
DF: Lee Naylor
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
FW: Steven Naismith
FW: Kris Boyd
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2007–08 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Carlos Cuéllar
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Barry Robson
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2008–09 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Allan McGregor
DF: Andreas Hinkel
DF: Madjid Bougherra
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Steven Davis
MF: Pedro Mendes
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Kenny Miller
FW: Scott McDonald

















v
t
e


Dundee United F.C. – current squad







1 Bell
2 Murdoch
3 Scobbie
4 Durnan
5 Donaldson
6 Toshney
7 McMullan
8 McDonald
9 N'Koyi
10 Fraser
11 King
12 Stanton
14 Edjenguélé
16 Flood
17 Robson
18 Allardice
19 Keatings
20 Briels
21 Mehmet
25 Lewis
26 Ballantyne
27 B. Smith
28 M. Smith
44 Thomas
Manager: McKinnon











 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_McDonald&oldid=792300447"					
Categories: 1983 birthsLiving peopleSoccer players from MelbourneAustralian people of Scottish descentAustralian soccer playersAustralian expatriate soccer playersAustralia international soccer playersPremier League playersEnglish Football League playersScottish Premier League playersScottish Professional Football League playersNational Soccer League (Australia) playersExpatriate footballers in ScotlandExpatriate footballers in EnglandAustralian expatriates in ScotlandA.F.C. Bournemouth playersCeltic F.C. playersGippsland Falcons playersMotherwell F.C. playersHuddersfield Town A.F.C. playersSouthampton F.C. playersWimbledon F.C. playersMiddlesbrough F.C. playersMillwall F.C. playersDundee United F.C. playersAustralian expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom2011 AFC Asian Cup playersScottish league football top scorersAssociation football forwardsHidden categories: Soccerbase player ID same as WikidataSoccerway player ID same as WikidataWikipedia introduction cleanup from July 2013All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from July 2013All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyEngvarB from June 2013Use dmy dates from June 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어ItalianoMagyarMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Scott McDonald - Wikipedia






















 






Scott McDonald

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Scott Douglas McDonald)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Scott McDonald, see Scott McDonald (disambiguation).





This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (July 2013)



Scott McDonald


McDonald with Australia in 2010



Personal information


Full name
Scott Douglas McDonald[1]


Date of birth
(1983-08-21) 21 August 1983 (age 33)[1]


Place of birth
Melbourne, Australia


Height
1.73 m (5 ft 8 in)


Playing position
Striker / Attacking midfielder


Club information



Current team

Dundee United


Number
8


Youth career


1998
Gippsland Falcons


Senior career*


Years
Team
Apps
(Gls)


1998–1999
Gippsland Falcons
3
(0)


1999–2000
Cranbourne Comets
10
(3)


2000–2002
Southampton
2
(0)


2002
→ Huddersfield Town (loan)
13
(1)


2002
→ Bournemouth (loan)
8
(1)


2003
Wimbledon
2
(0)


2004–2007
Motherwell
108
(42)


2007–2010
Celtic
88
(51)


2010–2013
Middlesbrough
116
(37)


2013–2015
Millwall
56
(5)


2015–2017
Motherwell
83
(24)


2017–
Dundee United
0
(0)


National team


1999–2000
Australia U17
17
(13)


2001–2003
Australia U20
24
(16)


2003–2004
Australia U23
3
(0)


2006–2012
Australia
26
(0)


* Senior club appearances and goals counted for the domestic league only and correct as of 17:30, 1 June 2017 (UTC).


Scott Douglas McDonald (born 21 August 1983) is an Australian professional footballer who plays for Dundee United. Originally a striker, McDonald can also play as an attacking midfielder.



Contents


1 Club career

1.1 Early career
1.2 Motherwell
1.3 Celtic
1.4 Middlesbrough
1.5 Millwall
1.6 Motherwell (second spell)
1.7 Dundee United


2 International career
3 Career statistics
4 Honours

4.1 Club
4.2 International
4.3 Individual


5 References
6 External links



Club career[edit]
Early career[edit]
McDonald began his career at Doveton, before joining Casey Comets. He made three appearances on loan from his Victorian State League club, Cranbourne Comets, with Gippsland Falcons in the ANSL, where he became the club's youngest ever NSL player, replacing Jason Marsh, when making his first-team debut aged just fifteen.
McDonald started off as a trainee with Southampton in 2001 where he managed only three appearances (one first-team start and two as a substitute),[2] being loaned to Huddersfield Town[3] where again he had chances to play first team football. McDonald scored just once for Huddersfield, in a 2–1 defeat to Tranmere Rovers[4] and Bournemouth (scoring once against Shrewsbury).[5] Upon reaching the end of his contract with Southampton he signed for Wimbledon on a rolling monthly contract.[6]
He had talks with Drogheda United in 2003 but failed to agree terms.
Motherwell[edit]
McDonald went on trial with Scottish Premier League club Dundee United, but failed to win a contract and instead signed for league rivals Motherwell in January 2004.[7] After signing for Motherwell, McDonald had a slow start, scoring only one goal during the second half of the 2003–04 season despite impressive performances. The following season he scored 15 goals. McDonald famously scored two late goals against Celtic at the end of the 2004–05 season to deny them the Scottish Premier League title which was instead won by their arch-rivals Rangers.[8] In the 2005–06 season, McDonald scored 11 goals in 35 appearances, and in the following season, scored 15 goals in 32 appearances. His goal against Falkirk on 25 November 2006, was the 5000th goal in the SPL since its formation in 1998.[9] In his successful stint with Well, he scored 45 goals in 108 appearances.
In December 2007, McDonald was named BBC Sportsound Player of the Year for his eight man-of-the-match performances throughout the 2006–07 season.[10]
Celtic[edit]




McDonald playing for Celtic






McDonald playing for Celtic in 2008.


In March 2007, after a £400,000 bid from Rangers had been rejected in January,[11] Motherwell accepted an offer of £700,000 from McDonald's boyhood favourites Celtic,[12] with McDonald moving to Celtic Park at the start of the 2007–08 season.[13]
McDonald made his competitive debut for Celtic in the first leg of the UEFA Champions League third qualifying-round match against Spartak Moscow at Luzhniki Stadium, assisting Paul Hartley for Celtic's goal as the game finished 1–1.[14] His first goal for the club came in the second leg of the tie at Celtic Park. A mistake by Spartak defender Roman Shishkin allowed McDonald to slip in and hit the ball first time past Stipe Pletikosa. This match also ended 1–1, but Celtic won 4–3 on penalties.[15] Just days later in an away league match against St Mirren, McDonald latched onto a long Gary Caldwell pass to lob Chris Smith from a tight angle and score his first SPL goal for the club.[16] He followed that up with the winning goal in the final minute of their 2–1 UEFA Champions League group-stage win against A.C. Milan on 3 October[17] and another last minute winner just days later at Gretna. In a pulsating clash with Old Firm rivals Rangers on 16 April 2008, McDonald set up his Dutch strike partner Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink for a last minute goal that kept Celtic in the 2007–08 SPL title race,[18] before scoring a double and winning a penalty scored by Barry Robson in another vital 3–2 Old Firm victory eleven days later.[19] At the end of the season, McDonald was rewarded with a new five-year deal at Parkhead[20] and was nominated for SPL Player of the Year. He scored 25 goals in 36 league appearances in his first season at Celtic and was the top goalscorer during the 2007–08 season, beating the next highest goalscorer and strike partner Vennegoor of Hesselink by 10 goals. This breakthrough season included two hat-tricks; against Dundee United and former club Motherwell. In total, McDonald scored 31 times in his first season at Parkhead.
McDonald wore the number 27 shirt in his first season with Celtic, but in July 2008 he was given number 7, which he also wore at Motherwell. After a sluggish start to the 2008–09 season, not scoring in any of the first four games, he opened his account against Motherwell, scoring Celtic's third goal in a 4–2 win at Fir Park. On 5 November 2008 McDonald scored the opening goal in a 1–1 draw with Manchester United at Celtic Park in the Champions League with a well executed lob over Ben Foster. Only three days later, McDonald continued to haunt his former club Motherwell with a low strike from outside the penalty area. Celtic won this match 2–0. On 27 December 2008, he scored the only goal in a 1–0 victory at Ibrox during the Old Firm derby, helping his team bring the three points home. On 27 January 2009, McDonald scored twice in the dramatic 11–10 penalty shoot-out victory against Dundee United[21] to send Celtic through to the League Cup final, which they won 2–0 against archrivals Rangers. This win gave McDonald his first domestic cup trophy at Celtic.
McDonald scored his 49th and 50th Celtic goals at Pittodrie against Aberdeen on 2 May as Celtic ran out 3–1 winners. On 3 July, McDonald was handed the Celtic captaincy for a pre-season game against Brisbane Roar, due to the injury to Stephen McManus and the departure of vice-captain Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink. On 5 August, he scored the opening goal against Dynamo Moscow in Russia, a game which Celtic went on to win 2–0, to progress to the final qualifying round of the Champions League. On 5 December, McDonald scored his 50th league goal for Celtic against Aberdeen. McDonald scored a total of 65 goals for Celtic.
Middlesbrough[edit]
On 7 January 2010, Celtic rejected a transfer bid from Premier League side Wigan Athletic for the Australian striker,[22] but on 1 February – transfer deadline day – Celtic sold McDonald to Middlesbrough for a reported £3.5 million.[23] He joined up with Gordon Strachan, whom he played under at Celtic and Southampton, and also rejoined four of his former teammates, Willo Flood, Barry Robson, Chris Killen and Stephen McManus. On 16 February 2010, he missed a penalty against Blackpool in a 2–0 loss.[24] McDonald scored his first Middlesbrough goal in the Tyne-Tees derby against Newcastle on 13 March.[25] After a return from injury, McDonald scored three times in four games against Crystal Palace, Sheffield Wednesday and Coventry City.[26][27]
McDonald made a bright start to the 2010–11 season scoring twice in his first two games against Ipswich[28] and Chesterfield in the League Cup.[29] On 9 November 2010, he scored the second in Middlesbrough's 2–0 win over Scunthorpe.[30] On 1 March 2011, McDonald scored the opener in his team's 1–1 draw with Nottingham Forest, he followed this by scoring the leveller in his team's 2–1 victory at home to Watford on 19 March 2011.[31][32] McDonald followed this by scoring twice in two games, in two draws against Ipswich Town[33] and Barnsley.[34] On 23 April 2011, McDonald scored a hat-trick in Middlesbrough's 2–4 away win at Hull.[35]
McDonald scored his first goal of the 2011–12 season in a 3–1 victory over Barnsley on 16 August 2011.[36] On 5 November 2011, he got his first in 12 matches, scoring the only goal in Middlesbrough's 1–0 victory over Watford at the Riverside.[37] He scored a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–2 draw with Blackpool. On 10 December, McDonald scored the only goal of the game against Brighton, after a defensive error from Casper Ankergren. McDonald continued his impressive form, as he scored Boro's second in a 3–2 victory, over Welsh side Cardiff City. McDonald then scored in the New Year's Eve clash against Peterborough at the Riverside, the game finished 1–1.
On 6 October 2012, McDonald made his first appearance of the season against Watford, as a first half sub, coming on for teammate Justin Hoyte, in which McDonald scored the winner in a 2–1 victory. Continuing from the Watford game, McDonald came off the bench to score a brace in Middlesbrough's 2–1 win against Bolton.[38] His form continued as he scored the winning goal in a Tees – Wear derby against Sunderland resulting in a 1–0 victory to the Boro.[39]
Millwall[edit]
On 23 July 2013, Scott McDonald put pen-to-paper on a two-year deal with Millwall. He scored his first goal for the club in a 1–0 victory over Charlton.[40] McDonald left Millwall on 24 January 2015, with the club cancelling his contract.[41]
Motherwell (second spell)[edit]
On 26 February 2015, McDonald signed for Motherwell for a second time, agreeing a contract until the end of the 2014–15 season.[42] He made his second debut on 28 February 2015, in a 2–1 win against Inverness CT.[43] He scored his first goal since returning to the club on 7 March 2015, scoring with a free-kick in a 1–1 draw against Kilmarnock.[44]
On 21 July 2015, McDonald signed a new one-year contract, with the option of a second.[45] On 1 July 2016, McDonald signed a new one-year contact to stay at Motherwell.[46] Later that month, Motherwell rejected an offer from an unnamed A-League side, later revealed to be the Western Sydney Wanderers,[47] for McDonald.[48]
In May 2017, Motherwell announced that McDonald would be leaving the club after he had decided not to take up the option of another year on his contract.[49]
Dundee United[edit]
Following his departure from Motherwell, McDonald was expected to return to Australia. However it was announced in July 2017 that he had signed for Scottish Championship club, Dundee United on a one-year deal.[50]
International career[edit]




McDonald training for Australia in 2009


Having represented Australia at under-17, under-20 and under-23 levels, McDonald made his international debut for Australia against Bahrain on 22 February 2006 in an Asian Cup qualifier. He played in the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship. McDonald was a starter in the Australia squad that started off qualification for the 2010 World Cup with a 3–0 win over Qatar in February, setting up a goal for Mark Bresciano, but yet to score a goal at international level himself. On 11 May 2010 McDonald was named by Australian coach Pim Verbeek in a provisional 31-man squad for the 2010 World Cup. On 25 May it was announced that he had been omitted from the final 23-man squad for the finals.[51]
McDonald's most recent appearance came on 15 August 2012 against Scotland coming on as a substitute in the second half, playing alongside fellow Middlesbrough teammate Rhys Williams. Australia went on to lose 3–1.
Career statistics[edit]

As of 17 May 2017[52][53]



Club
Season
Division
League
Cup
League Cup
Other
Total


Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals
Apps
Goals


Gippsland Falcons
1998–99
National Soccer League
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
0


Southampton
2001–02
Premier League
2
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
3
0


Huddersfield Town
2002–03
Football League One
13
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
14
1


Bournemouth
2002–03
Football League Two
8
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
8
1


Wimbledon
2003–04
Football League Championship
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0


Motherwell
2003–04
Scottish Premier League
15
1
3
1
0
0
0
0
18
2


2004–05
27
15
1
0
4
0
0
0
32
15


2005–06
34
11
0
0
4
1
0
0
38
12


2006–07
32
15
3
1
2
0
0
0
37
16


Total
108
42
7
2
10
1
0
0
125
45


Celtic
2007–08
Scottish Premier League
36
25
4
3
2
1
10
2
52
31


2008–09
34
16
3
1
4
1
6
1
47
19


2009–10
18
10
0
0
2
2
8
2
28
14


Total
88
51
7
4
8
4
24
5
127
64


Middlesbrough
2009–10
Football League Championship
13
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
13
4


2010–11
38
12
0
0
2
2
0
0
40
14


2011–12
33
9
2
0
1
0
0
0
36
9


2012–13
32
12
1
0
2
1
0
0
35
13


Total
116
37
3
0
5
3
0
0
124
40


Millwall
2013–14
Football League Championship
32
3
0
0
2
0
0
0
34
3


2014–15
23
2
1
1
1
0
0
0
25
3


Total
55
5
1
1
3
0
0
0
59
6


Motherwell
2014–15
Scottish Premiership
11
5
0
0
0
0
2
0
13
5


2015–16
37
10
2
2
2
2
0
0
41
14


2016–17
35
9
1
0
4
2
0
0
40
11


Total
83
24
3
2
6
4
2
0
94
30


Career Total
478
161
21
9
34
12
26
5
559
187


Honours[edit]
Club[edit]

Celtic


Scottish Premier League: 2007–08[1]
Scottish League Cup: 2008–09[1]

International[edit]

Australia


1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship runners-up
2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up

Individual[edit]

2003 OFC U-20 Championship Top scorer
SPL Player of the Month: September 2004,[54] September 2007,[55] March 2009[56]
Motherwell FC Supporters Player of the Year: 2004–05
BBC Sportsound Player of the Year: 2007
SPL Top Scorer: 2007–08

References[edit]


^ a b c d Hugman, Barry J., ed. (2010). The PFA Footballers' Who's Who 2010–11. Edinburgh: Mainstream Publishing. p. 265. ISBN 978-1-84596-601-0. 
^ Holley, Duncan; Chalk, Gary (2003). In That Number – A post-war chronicle of Southampton FC. Hagiology Publishing. pp. 547–548. ISBN 0-9534474-3-X. 
^ "Huddersfield land McDonald". BBC Sport. 4 July 2002. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Tranmere 2–1 Huddersfield". BBC Sport. 26 August 2002. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "Bournemouth 2–1 Shrewsbury". BBC Sport. 21 April 2003. Archived from the original on 24 April 2003. Retrieved 27 August 2009. 
^ "McDonald earns Dons deal". BBC Sport. 19 August 2003. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell sign McDonald". BBC Sport. 6 January 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. 22 May 2005. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald savours goal milestone". BBC Sport. 28 November 2006. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Sportsound Player of the Year". BBC Sport. 23 December 2007. Archived from the original on 6 January 2008. Retrieved 6 January 2008. 
^ "Rangers miss out on McDonald bid". BBC Sport. 1 February 2007. Archived from the original on 3 February 2007. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ "Celtic complete McDonald capture". BBC Sport. 30 March 2007. Archived from the original on 17 April 2007. 
^ "Celtic agree terms for McDonald". BBC Sport. 28 March 2007. Archived from the original on 1 March 2014. Retrieved 4 January 2010. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (15 August 2007). "Spartak Moscow 1–1 Celtic". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 11 November 2012. 
^ Moffat, Colin (29 August 2007). "Celtic 1–1 Spartak Moscow". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 3 January 2008. 
^ "St Mirren 1–5 Celtic". BBC Sport. 2 September 2007. Archived from the original on 23 March 2012. 
^ "Celtic 2–1 AC Milan". BBC Sport. 3 October 2007. Archived from the original on 11 October 2007. 
^ Moffat, Colin (16 April 2008). "Celtic 2–1 Rangers". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 20 April 2008. 
^ "Celtic 3–2 Rangers". BBC Sport. 27 April 2008. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "McDonald extends Celtic contract". BBC Sport. 17 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 July 2008. Retrieved 18 June 2008. 
^ Lindsay, Clive (28 January 2009). "Celtic 0–0 Dundee U (11–10 pens)". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 6 January 2012. 
^ "THE INSIDER: London calling John Carew as Spurs target Aston Villa striker and Wigan want Celtic's awesome Aussie Scott McDonald". Mail Online. 7 January 2010. Archived from the original on 10 January 2010. Retrieved 23 April 2011. 
^ McLaughlin, Chris (1 February 2010). "Middlesbrough and Celtic agree a deal for McDonald". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 22 March 2010. 
^ "Strachan fumes at decisions". The Northern Echo. 17 February 2010. Archived from the original on 21 February 2010. 
^ Henson, Mike (13 March 2010). "Middlesbrough 2 – 2 Newcastle". BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 15 March 2010. Retrieved 13 March 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–0 Sheff Wed". BBC Sport. 10 April 2010. Archived from the original on 12 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Coventry". BBC Sport. 24 April 2010. Archived from the original on 27 April 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1 – 3 Ipswich". BBC Sport. 7 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Chesterfield 1–2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 10 August 2010. Archived from the original on 12 August 2010. 
^ "Scunthorpe 0 – 2 Middlesbrough". BBC Sport. 9 November 2010. Archived from the original on 11 November 2010. 
^ "Middlesbrough 1–1 Nottm Forest". BBC Sport. 1 March 2011. Archived from the original on 2 March 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough 2–1 Watford". BBC Sport. 19 March 2011. Archived from the original on 22 March 2011. 
^ "Ipswich Town 3 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 12 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 Barnsley 1". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 19 April 2011. 
^ Hull City 2 Boro 4 Middlesbrough F.C., 23 April 2011
^ "Barnsley 1 Boro 3". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Boro 1 – 0 Watford". Middlesbrough F.C. 16 April 2011. Archived from the original on 18 April 2011. 
^ "Middlesbrough come from behind to beat Bolton as Freedman looks on". The Guardian. 27 October 2012. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Young, Colin (30 October 2012). "Sunderland 0 Middlesbrough 1: McDonald finds strike to embarrass O'Neill". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 14 February 2014. Retrieved 14 February 2014. 
^ Kent, David (21 September 2013). "Charlton 0 Millwall 1: McDonald lights up lackluster encounter to give Lions second successive win". Mail Online. Daily Mail. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 21 June 2014. 
^ "Scott McDonald: Striker leaves Millwall as contract is cancelled". BBC Sport. 24 January 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ "McDonald makes Fir Park return". Motherwell F.C. 26 February 2015. Retrieved 26 February 2015. 
^ "Motherwell 2–1 Inverness CT". Motherwell F.C. 28 February 2015. Retrieved 1 March 2015. 
^ McLauchlin, Brian (7 March 2015). "Motherwell 1-1 Kilmarnock". BBC Sport. BBC. Retrieved 7 March 2015. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs on again". Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2015. 
^ http://stv.tv/sport/football/1359298-scott-mcdonald-turns-down-offers-to-sign-new-deal-with-motherwell/
^ "Motherwell turn down Wanderers offer for McDonald". The World Game. Special Broadcasting Service. Retrieved 23 July 2016. 
^ "Club Statement: Scott McDonald". motherwellfc.co.uk. Motherwell F.C. 21 July 2016. Retrieved 21 July 2016. 
^ "Squad update: May 2017". Motherwell F.C. 22 May 2017. Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald signs one-year deal at Dundee United". BBC Sport. 24 July 2017. 
^ "Scott McDonald omitted from Australia World Cup squad". BBC Sport. 25 May 2010. Archived from the original on 14 May 2010. Retrieved 25 May 2010. 
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerbase
^ Scott McDonald at Soccerway
^ "Double joy for Motherwell". BBC Sport. 2 October 2004. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "McDonald named player of month". BBC Sport. 11 October 2007. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Player prize for Celtic striker". BBC Sport. 7 April 2009. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Scott McDonald.



Scott McDonald at Soccerbase 
Player profile – Scott McDonald Football Federation Australia







v
t
e


Australia squad – 2011 AFC Asian Cup runners-up






1 Schwarzer
2 Neill (c)
3 Carney
4 Cahill
5 Culina
6 Ognenovski
7 Emerton
8 Wilkshire
9 McDonald
10 Kewell
11 Burns
12 Coe
13 North
14 Holman
15 Jedinak
16 Valeri
17 McKay
18 Jones
19 Oar
20 Spiranovic
21 McKain
22 Kilkenny
23 Kruse
Coach: Osieck













Awards











v
t
e


Scottish League top division top scorers



League



1891: Bell
1892: Bell
1893: Campbell / McMahon





Division One



1894: McMahon
1895: J. Miller
1896: Martin
1897: Taylor
1898: Hamilton
1899: Hamilton
1900: Hamilton / Michael
1901: Hamilton
1902: Maxwell
1903: D. Reid
1904: Hamilton
1905: Hamilton / Quinn
1906: Quinn
1907: Quinn
1908: Simpson
1909: Hunter
1910: Quinn
1911: W. Reid
1912: W. Reid
1913: J. Reid
1914: J. Reid
1915: Gracie / Richardson
1916: McColl
1917: Yarnall
1918: H. Ferguson
1919: McLean
1920: H. Ferguson
1921: H. Ferguson
1922: Walker
1923: White
1924: Halliday
1925: Devlin
1926: Devlin
1927: McGrory
1928: McGrory
1929: Morrison
1930: Yorston
1931: Battles
1932: MacFadyen
1933: MacFadyen
1934: Smith
1935: Smith
1936: McGrory
1937: Wilson
1938: Black
1939: Venters





Division A



1947: Mitchell
1948: Aikman
1949: Stott
1950: Bauld
1951: Reilly
1952: Reilly
1953: Fleming / Reilly
1954: Wardhaugh
1955: Bauld
1956: Wardhaugh





Division One



1957: Baird
1958: Bauld / Murray
1959: Baker
1960: Baker
1961: Harley
1962: Gilzean
1963: Millar
1964: Gilzean
1965: Forrest
1966: A. Ferguson / McBride
1967: Chalmers
1968: Lennox
1969: Cameron
1970: Stein
1971: Hood
1972: Harper
1973: Gordon
1974: Deans
1975: Gray / Pettigrew





Premier Division



1976: Dalglish
1977: Pettigrew
1978: Johnstone
1979: Ritchie
1980: Somner
1981: McGarvey
1982: McCluskey
1983: Nicholas
1984: McClair
1985: McDougall
1986: McCoist
1987: McClair
1988: Coyne
1989: McGhee / Nicholas
1990: Robertson
1991: Coyne
1992: McCoist
1993: McCoist
1994: Hateley
1995: Coyne
1996: Van Hooijdonk
1997: Cadete
1998: Negri





SPL



1999: Larsson
2000: Viduka
2001: Larsson
2002: Larsson
2003: Larsson
2004: Larsson
2005: Hartson
2006: Boyd
2007: Boyd
2008: McDonald
2009: Boyd
2010: Boyd
2011: K. Miller
2012: Hooper
2013: Higdon





Premiership



2014: Commons
2015: Rooney
2016: Griffiths
2017: Boyce












v
t
e


2006–07 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Russell Anderson
DF: Stephen McManus
DF: Lee Naylor
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
FW: Steven Naismith
FW: Kris Boyd
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2007–08 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Artur Boruc
DF: Steven Whittaker
DF: Carlos Cuéllar
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Shunsuke Nakamura
MF: Barry Ferguson
MF: Barry Robson
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink
FW: Scott McDonald












v
t
e


2008–09 PFA Scotland SPL Team of the Year






GK: Allan McGregor
DF: Andreas Hinkel
DF: Madjid Bougherra
DF: Gary Caldwell
DF: Saša Papac
MF: Scott Brown
MF: Steven Davis
MF: Pedro Mendes
MF: Aiden McGeady
FW: Kenny Miller
FW: Scott McDonald

















v
t
e


Dundee United F.C. – current squad







1 Bell
2 Murdoch
3 Scobbie
4 Durnan
5 Donaldson
6 Toshney
7 McMullan
8 McDonald
9 N'Koyi
10 Fraser
11 King
12 Stanton
14 Edjenguélé
16 Flood
17 Robson
18 Allardice
19 Keatings
20 Briels
21 Mehmet
25 Lewis
26 Ballantyne
27 B. Smith
28 M. Smith
44 Thomas
Manager: McKinnon











 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_McDonald&oldid=792300447"					
Categories: 1983 birthsLiving peopleSoccer players from MelbourneAustralian people of Scottish descentAustralian soccer playersAustralian expatriate soccer playersAustralia international soccer playersPremier League playersEnglish Football League playersScottish Premier League playersScottish Professional Football League playersNational Soccer League (Australia) playersExpatriate footballers in ScotlandExpatriate footballers in EnglandAustralian expatriates in ScotlandA.F.C. Bournemouth playersCeltic F.C. playersGippsland Falcons playersMotherwell F.C. playersHuddersfield Town A.F.C. playersSouthampton F.C. playersWimbledon F.C. playersMiddlesbrough F.C. playersMillwall F.C. playersDundee United F.C. playersAustralian expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom2011 AFC Asian Cup playersScottish league football top scorersAssociation football forwardsHidden categories: Soccerbase player ID same as WikidataSoccerway player ID same as WikidataWikipedia introduction cleanup from July 2013All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from July 2013All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyEngvarB from June 2013Use dmy dates from June 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어ItalianoMagyarMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




W. SCOTT MCDONALD, M.D., P.A. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    W. SCOTT MCDONALD, M.D., P.A.











Company number P98000045521
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 650837584
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/22/2000
        

Date Of Incorporation 5/20/1998
        

Principal Address
            2335 TRAPP AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33133
            


Mailing Address 2335 TRAPP AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33133
        
W. SCOTT MCDONALD, M.D., P.A. Principals

Director
                Mcdonald W Scott
                 


Address
                2335 TRAPP AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33133
                 







Last Annual Reports

1999 9/20/1999
            

1999 9/20/1999
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name MCDONALD            W. SCOTT (p)
        

Agent Address
                2335 TRAPP AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33133
                

W. SCOTT MCDONALD, M.D., P.A. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/22/2000
            

Description
W. SCOTT MCDONALD, M.D., P.A. has been set up 5/20/1998 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The W. SCOTT MCDONALD, M.D., P.A. principal adress is 2335 TRAPP AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33133. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 2335 TRAPP AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33133. 
The company`s registered agent is MCDONALD            W. SCOTT 2335 TRAPP AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33133.  
The company`s management are Director - Mcdonald W Scott. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/22/2000. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 9/20/1999.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
W. SCOTT MCINTYRE, INC.
W. SCOTT MEYER, P.A.
W. SCOTT NEWBERN, P.L.
W. SCOTT PAINTING INC.
W. SCOTT POWELL, P.A.
W. SCOTT ROBERTSON PA














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE









