


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





 



Fox Theater Oakland - Fox Theater Tickets Available from OnlineCityTickets.com




























We are a resale marketplace.
Prices may exceed face value.
This site is not owned by any venue.




 800 854 2196
                        


Home

About Us

Contact Us

Policies

FAQ



















        Fox Theater Oakland Tickets    
Operated by OnlineCityTickets.com























 













OnlineCityTickets is a resale marketplace. 100% Buyer Guarantee.
Prices may be above face value. We are not owned by any venue.
 
Fox Theater Oakland Tickets










Ticket Information

Inventory
We are a resale marketplace, not a box office or venue. Ticket prices may exceed face value. This site is not owned by Fox Theater Oakland.


Guarantee
100% Buyer Guarantee. Tickets are authentic and will arrive before event.



Address


1807 Telegraph Avenue Oakland, CA 94612, United States












Fox Theater Oakland

The Fox Theatre Oakland has been one of the premier venues on the west coast since its opening in 1928. The Fox Theatre in Oakland is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has a 2,800 seating capacity for all shows. The Fox Theatre box office is located at 1807 Telegraph Avenue in downtown Oakland, California. The Fox Theatre has been restored a couple different times but most recently reopening in February 2009. Some of the most popular Fox Theatre tickets have included acts like Bob Dylan, The Allman Brothers, The Moody Blues, Jeff Beck, Keane, Seal, Alice in Chains, and Green Day.

Fox.TheatreOakland.com is not affiliated with any primary box office, supplier, or official website. We are an independently owned and operated company that specializes in online sales in the secondary market. Ticket prices may be above or below face value and will fluctuate with the market. To order tickets for all Fox Theatre Oakland events simply click on the performance of interest or pick up the phone and call our operators at anytime.
























 OnlineCityTickets.com is a leading provider of resale tickets in the secondary market, specializing in concerts, theater, family shows, traveling Broadway, and sporting events. All orders are covered by our 100% Buyer Guarantee.
We are a privately owned and operated company and not affiliated with any primary website, venue, box office, or supplier. Prices on our sites may be above or below face value.
Copyright 2017 OnlineCityTickets.com


Navigation
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Policies
Guarantee














List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from McDonald's products)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from McDonald's products)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from McDonald's products)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from McDonald's products)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from McDonald's products)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from McDonald's products)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from McDonald's products)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 















Amazon.com: Michael McDonald: Songs, Albums, Pictures, Bios













































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















You have exceeded the maximum number of MP3 items in your MP3 cart.
Please click here to manage your MP3 cart content.










            Michael McDonald
        



                        Go Unlimited
                    


                            Start your 30-day free trial
                        






                        Listen to songs by Michael McDonald for free with Amazon Music Unlimited trial. Learn More












      




Artist Overview

    

Albums


Digital Music





Stay Up To Date




Sorry, there was an error with your request.


                    (Try again)
                






Sorry, there was an error with your request.


                    (Try again)
                






You are subscribed to new release e-mails for Michael McDonald.


                    (Unsubscribe)
                






You are no longer subscribed to new release e-mails for Michael McDonald.


                    (Manage your subscriptions)
                







E-mail me when there are new releases by Michael McDonald.






Sorry, there was an error with your request.






E-mail me when there are new releases by Michael McDonald.




Please wait...









    Customers Also Bought Items By
  





                The Doobie Brothers
              







                Kenny Loggins
              







                Steely Dan
              







                Hall & Oates
              







                Boz Scaggs
              







                Donald Fagen
              







                Christopher Cross
              







                Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings
              











        Top Albums
        
(See all 49 albums)




More Formats
No results were found for that selection.
Close












    Ultimate Collection, T…
  

Michael McDonald


CD:

          $9.99










    Ultimate Collection
  

MCDONALD,MICHAEL


CD:

          $13.99










    The Very Best of Micha…
  

Mcdonald, Michael


CD:

          $22.21












    Soul Speak
  

Michael McDonald


CD:

          $10.99

MP3:

          $5.99










    This Christmas
  

Michael McDonald












    Motown
  

Michael McDonald


CD:

          $4.98

MP3:

          $5.99












    Blue Obsession
  

Michael McDonald


CD:

          $9.98










    In the Spirit: A Chris…
  

Mcdonald, Michael












    Blink of an Eye
  

Mcdonald, Michael


MP3:

          $9.49






›
See all 49 albums by Michael McDonald
















      Songs
    




Sort by:




Bestselling
Song Title: A to Z
Song Title: Z to A
Album: A to Z
Album: Z to A
Time: Short to Long
Time: Long to Short
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Release Date
Bestselling






 
    1-10
  

     of 202 
  













































          
            
            
              Sample this song
            
          
        




            Title
          

            Artist
          







                  0:00
          
          /
          
                  0:00
          















































I Keep Forgettin (Every Time You're Near)





        by
      
Michael McDonald

        on
      
If That's What It Takes



I Keep Forgettin (Every Time You're Near)


        by
      
Michael McDonald


        on
      
If That's What It Takes




          3:42
        






    Listen Now
  



    $1.29
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  








































On My Own (Album Version)





        by
      
Patti Labelle & Michael McDonald

        on
      
The Best Of Patti LaBelle 20th Century Masters The Millennium Collection



On My Own (Album Version)


        by
      
Patti Labelle & Michael McDonald


        on
      
The Best Of Patti LaBelle 20th Century Masters The Millennium Collection




          4:49
        






    Listen Now
  



    $1.29
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  








































Ain't No Mountain High Enough





        by
      
Michael McDonald

        on
      
Motown



Ain't No Mountain High Enough


        by
      
Michael McDonald


        on
      
Motown




          2:49
        






    Listen Now
  



    $1.29
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  








































Yah Mo B There [feat. Michael McDonald]





        by
      
James Ingram

        on
      
It's Your Night



Yah Mo B There [feat. Michael McDonald]


        by
      
James Ingram


        on
      
It's Your Night




          4:39
        






    Listen Now
  



    $1.29
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  








































Find It In Your Heart





        by
      
Michael McDonald

        on
      
Wide Open



Find It In Your Heart


        by
      
Michael McDonald


        on
      
Wide Open




          5:47
        






    Listen Now
  



    $1.29
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  








































I Gotta Try





        by
      
Michael McDonald

        on
      
If That's What It Takes



I Gotta Try


        by
      
Michael McDonald


        on
      
If That's What It Takes




          3:55
        






    Listen Now
  



    $0.99
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  








































On My Own (Album Version)





        by
      
Patti Labelle & Michael McDonald

        on
      
Winner In You



On My Own (Album Version)


        by
      
Patti Labelle & Michael McDonald


        on
      
Winner In You




          4:51
        






    Listen Now
  



    $1.29
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  








































On My Own (Album Version)





        by
      
Patti Labelle & Michael McDonald

        on
      
20th Century Masters: The Millennium Collection: Best Of Patti LaBelle



On My Own (Album Version)


        by
      
Patti Labelle & Michael McDonald


        on
      
20th Century Masters: The Millennium Collection: Best Of Patti LaBelle




          4:52
        






    Listen Now
  



    $1.29
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  








































I Heard It Through The Grapevine





        by
      
Michael McDonald

        on
      
Motown



I Heard It Through The Grapevine


        by
      
Michael McDonald


        on
      
Motown




          3:44
        






    Listen Now
  



    $0.99
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  








































Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours





        by
      
Michael McDonald

        on
      
Motown



Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours


        by
      
Michael McDonald


        on
      
Motown




          4:07
        






    Listen Now
  



    $0.99
  




    In MP3 cart
  

    View MP3 Cart
  





















    Sold by Amazon  Digital  Services   LLC. Additional taxes may apply.
    
  

  By placing your order, you agree to our Terms of Use.












        Your Amazon Music account is currently associated with a different marketplace. To enjoy Prime Music, go to Your Music Library and transfer your account to Amazon.com (US).
    




                Fix in Music Library
            

                  
            

                Close
            





Previous 



12345678...21



Next 





























        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    Amazon.com Mobile Site




v

























Mcdonald, Michael CD's and LP's - Record Shop X




















We ship worldwide! Shipping starts at 2,95 €! Credit cards and PayPal accepted.






Home
Rock / Pop
Mcdonald, Michael







Filter


Mcdonald, Michael



loading...





Coming releases
(2)



Product Type



CD's
(4)




LP's
(1)




Blu-rays
(1)




DVD's
(1)



Categories



Rock / Pop
(6)




Christmas
(1)



Price



0-10 euros
(1)




10-20 euros
(4)




20-30 euros
(2)



Year



2017
(2)




2010
(2)




2009
(1)



Company



ADA/ BMG
(2)




(Empty)
(1)




Eagle Vision
(2)




Friday Music
(1)




Wea
(1)



Artist







7 Mcdonald, Michael products found


Page 1 of 1


Order by: 





product



price



release date



modified date



recently added













Mcdonald, Michael
: No lookin' back




Estimated delivery in 3-10 days.

Label

Wea






CD


9,95 €

Buy














Mcdonald, Michael
: Wide Open




Release date: 13.10.

Label

ADA/ BMG

Release date
13.10.2017





LP


29,95 €

Buy














Mcdonald, Michael
: Wide Open




Release date: 15.9.

Label

ADA/ BMG

Release date
15.9.2017





CD


17,95 €

Buy














Mcdonald, Michael
: This christmas - live in Chicago




Estimated delivery in 2-5 days.

Label

Eagle Vision

Release year
2010





DVD


19,95 €

Buy














Mcdonald, Michael
: This christmas - live in Chicago




Estimated delivery in 2-5 days.

Label

Eagle Vision

Release year
2010





Blu-ray


28,95 €

Buy














Mcdonald, Michael
: The ultimate collection




Estimated delivery in 3-10 days.




CD


18,95 €

Buy














Mcdonald, Michael
: Take it to heart




Estimated delivery in 3-10 days.

Label

Friday Music

Release year
2009





CD


19,95 €

Buy








Page 1 of 1



Add a reminder


Fill in your email address to get a reminder when we get products for artist (Mcdonald, Michael).








Add reminder



Don't worry, no spamming.











We ship worldwide! Shipping starts at 2,95 €

Items bought from the Internet will be shipped the same day. Read more






More about shipping costs
Shipping costs


Nordea Solo
from 2,95 €


Osuuspankki
from 2,95 €


Danske Bank
from 2,95 €


Handelsbanken
from 2,95 €


Sp/POP payment
from 2,95 €


S-Bank
from 2,95 €


Tapiola Bank
from 2,95 €


Credit cards
from 2,95 €


PayPal
from 2,95 €














需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017






michael mcdonald in Music CDs | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordCDs└ MusicAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				michael mcdonald cd michael mcdonald the ultimate collection michael mcdonald ultimate michael mcdonald motown kenny loggins ray manzarek robert palmer




















				Find deals and best selling products for Michael McDonald Music CDs


Shop Now










Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






565
results for michael mcdonald

Follow michael mcdonald to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow michael mcdonald to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following michael mcdonald in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  michael mcdonald: 
 












Items in search results








Michael McDonald - Voice of Michael McDonald [New CD]




					$13.98

									List price: Previous Price
$26.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMichael McDonald - Voice of Michael McDonald [New CD]






15% off $45+














1 CENT CD Motown - Michael McDonald









16 product ratings



$0.01


0 bids






















MICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION NEW CD









26 product ratings




					$12.47

									List price: Previous Price
$13.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping













SPONSORED
NEW - Ultimate Collection, The by Michael McDonald









26 product ratings




					$6.99



				Buy It Now













SPONSORED
NEW - Soul Speak by Michael McDonald




					$5.98



				Buy It Now














Michael McDonald - No Lookin Back [New CD] Shm CD, Japan - Import




					$15.24

									List price: Previous Price
$22.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMichael McDonald - No Lookin Back [New CD] Shm CD, Japan - Import















Mcdonald, Michael : Motown CD


		Free Shipping - Quality Guaranteed - Great Price








16 product ratings




					$3.48



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Buy 1, get 1 15% off














MICHAEL McDONALD (DOOBIE BROTHERS) - Blue Obsession CD









2 product ratings




					$8.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Ultimate Collection, Michael Mcdonald, Good










26 product ratings




					$7.50



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













New listing
		Michael McDonald The Best of The Christmas Collection 20th Century CD (New)



$3.99


0 bids






See more like thisMichael McDonald The Best of The Christmas Collection 20th Century CD (New)














MICHAEL MCDONALD-IF THAT'S WHAT IT TAKES EARLY ISSUE WB CD I KEEP FORGETTIN'









2 product ratings




					$6.25
Trending at
$8.25





				Buy It Now











MICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - IF THAT'S WHAT IT TAKES NEW CD




					$18.22



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - IF THAT'S WHAT IT TAKES NEW CD










The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-00)









18 product ratings




					$6.41



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Tue, Aug. 1















MICHAEL MCDONALD - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION - CD + BONUS Through The Many Winters









26 product ratings




					$11.99



				Buy It Now













The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) CD, Apr-2001









18 product ratings




					$4.85

									Was: Previous Price
$5.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						19% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31















Michael McDonald : Motown Two [us Import] CD (2004)


		Free Shipping - Quality Guaranteed - Great Price








9 product ratings




					$3.71



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Buy 1, get 1 15% off














New listing
		Michael McDonald - Motown Two CD 2004 Motown [B0003472-02] U.S.A. ** MINT **




					$2.49



				Buy It Now


















The Very Best of Michael McDonald (CD, Rhino) I Keep Forgettin', Yah Mo Be There









18 product ratings




					$2.47

									Was: Previous Price
$2.75




				or Best Offer




						10% off











MICHAEL McDONALD The Very Best CD (Rhino) + BONUS Doobie Brothers Best Of Live!!









18 product ratings




					$9.99



				Buy It Now













* MICHAEL MCDONALD - Motown









16 product ratings




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















Michael McDonald If That's What It Takes WEST GERMANY TARGET CD DOOBIE BROTHERS









2 product ratings




					$20.00

									Was: Previous Price
$40.00




				Buy It Now




						50% off















Motown by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Jun-2003, Motown)









16 product ratings




					$2.37
Trending at
$3.48





				Buy It Now


















The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-200









18 product ratings




					$8.49



				or Best Offer













SPONSORED
MICHAEL MCDONALD-THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION-JAPAN SHM-CD C41




					$12.99



				Buy It Now






See more like thisMICHAEL MCDONALD-THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION-JAPAN SHM-CD C41




					From Japan







SPONSORED
Motown Two by Michael McDonald









9 product ratings




					$4.23



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Buy 2, get 1 50% off











Voice Of Michael Mcdonoald - Michael Mcdonald (CD Used Very Good)




					$13.19

									List price: Previous Price
$26.98




				Buy It Now




					Only 1 left!















The Best Of Lite FM CD Chicago! Michael McDonald And More!




					$4.99



				Buy It Now













The Ultimate Collection by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Aug-2005,...









26 product ratings




					$9.99



				or Best Offer













The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-200









18 product ratings




					$14.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31















New listing
		Mcdonald, Michael : No Lookin Back CD VERY GOOD FREE SHIP USA




					$6.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31










Motown - Michael Mcdonald (CD Used Very Good)




					$11.60

									List price: Previous Price
$13.98




				Buy It Now


















If That's What It Takes by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Jul-1988, Warner…









2 product ratings




					$8.55



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Christmas Collection: 20th Century Masters 2004 by Michael McDonald




					$4.20



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisChristmas Collection: 20th Century Masters 2004 by Michael McDonald










Motown by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Jun-2003, Motown) Disc Only









16 product ratings




					$3.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Tue, Aug. 1










Blue obsession by Michael McDonald (CD, 2000)




					$13.16



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Soul Speak - Michael Mcdonald (CD Used Very Good)




					$10.81

									List price: Previous Price
$13.98




				Buy It Now


















Michael McDonald-The Voice Of Michael McDonald  CD NEW




					$17.85



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMichael McDonald-The Voice Of Michael McDonald  CD NEW










Michael McDonald - Motown (CD, Motown) Grapevine, Ain't No Mountain, Reflections









16 product ratings




					$1.31

									Was: Previous Price
$1.45




				or Best Offer




						10% off










DOOBIE BROTHERS CD BEST OF THE DOOBIES MICHAEL MCDONALD TOM JOHNSTON




					$3.00
Trending at
$3.49





				Buy It Now













This Christmas by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Aug-2013, BMG NEW SEALED




					$14.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisThis Christmas by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Aug-2013, BMG NEW SEALED







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Tue, Aug. 1















Take It To Heart By Michael Mcdonald









2 product ratings




					$2.99
Trending at
$3.66





				or Best Offer













MICHAEL MCDONALD MOTOWN TWO - CD - NEAR MINT CONDITION Original Wrap









9 product ratings




					$5.50



				Buy It Now













Michael McDonald : Soul Speak CD (2008)




					$8.00
Trending at
$9.55





				Buy It Now













New listing
		Don't Miss the Boat!, Michael McDonald, Natalie Grant,, New




					$5.00



				Buy It Now






See more like thisDon't Miss the Boat!, Michael McDonald, Natalie Grant,, New










New listing
		The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-200









18 product ratings



$5.99


0 bids















MICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION NEW CD




					$17.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION NEW CD










Audio CD Blink of an Eye - Mcdonald, Michael - Free Shipping









2 product ratings




					$4.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















MICHAEL MCDONALD - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION (AUDIO CD) IMPORT NEW




					$9.97



				Buy It Now






See more like thisMICHAEL MCDONALD - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION (AUDIO CD) IMPORT NEW










Michael McDonald - If That's What It Takes West Germany Non Target 01 Matrix CD




					$14.96

									Was: Previous Price
$17.00




				or Best Offer




						12% off



See more like thisMichael McDonald - If That's What It Takes West Germany Non Target 01 Matrix CD










The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-200









18 product ratings




					$7.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31










New listing
		MICHAEL MCDONALD Motown Two CD









9 product ratings




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















Michael McDonald Blink Of An Eye CD Promo









2 product ratings




					$2.25
Trending at
$3.82





				Buy It Now













Michael McDonald-The Ultimate Collection  CD NEW









26 product ratings




					$11.58



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Motown Two by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Oct-2004, Motown)









9 product ratings




					$1.50



				Buy It Now


















SPONSORED
NEW - Motown Two by Michael McDonald









9 product ratings




					$5.49



				Buy It Now













SPONSORED
MICHAEL MCDONALD-NO LOOKIN' BACK-JAPAN SHM-CD C41




					$13.50



				Buy It Now






See more like thisMICHAEL MCDONALD-NO LOOKIN' BACK-JAPAN SHM-CD C41




					From Japan










Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All


 Music
(1,084)




CDs
(565)


Records
(475)


Cassettes
(23)


Wholesale Lots
(10)


Other Formats
(2)






Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
(928)






Entertainment Memorabilia
(181)






Tickets & Experiences
(175)






Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(130)







Toys & Hobbies
(117)


Collectibles
(109)


DVDs & Movies
(85)


Books
(67)


Musical Instruments & Gear
(10)


Art
(2)


Video Games & Consoles
(1)


Sporting Goods
(7)


Show more







Genre
see allGenre




Country
(4)





Holiday
(55)





Jazz
(2)





Pop
(28)





R&B & Soul
(312)





Rock
(72)





Soundtracks & Musicals
(2)






Duration
see allDuration




Album
(211)





EP
(1)





Mini Album
(1)





Single
(25)





Not Specified
(325)






Special Attributes
see allSpecial Attributes




Compilation
(18)





Digipak
(3)





Import
(18)





Limited Edition
(7)





Promo
(26)





Remastered
(2)





SACD
(6)






Artist
see allArtist




Japan
(2)





Michael McDonald
(526)





Various
(9)






Condition
see allCondition




Brand New
(165)





Like New
(130)





Very Good
(210)





Good
(48)





Acceptable
(12)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(565)




Auction
(21)




Buy It Now
(545)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-26 10:03. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.














Electronics, Cars, Fashion, Collectibles, Coupons and More | eBay Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   HomeFollowingMotorsExpand: MotorsParts & AccessoriesParts & AccessoriesCars & Truck PartsMotorcycle PartsAutomotive Tools & SuppliesSales & EventsMotors DealsVehiclesVehiclesCars & TrucksMotorcyclesClassics & ExoticsPowersportsRVs & Other VehiclesMotors BlogFashionExpand: FashionTop CategoriesWomen's ClothingWomen's ShoesMen's ClothingMen's ShoesHandbags & AccessoriesLuxury HandbagsKids & BabyAdditional CategoriesJewelryWatchesBeautyHealthFashion DealsSales & EventsPre-owned FashionElectronicsExpand: ElectronicsTop CategoriesCell Phones & AccessoriesCameras & PhotoComputers & TabletsTV & Home TheaterVideo Games & ConsolesSmart HomeCamera DronesAdditional CategoriesiPhoneNintendo SwitchPortable AudioCar Audio, Video & GPSElectronics DealsSell Your PhonePre-owned ElectronicsCollectibles & ArtExpand: Collectibles & ArtTop CategoriesCollectiblesCoins & Paper MoneyBullion CenterSports Cards, Memorabilia & ApparelAntiquesComicsLive AuctionsAdditional CategorieseBay CollectiveFeatured Sales & EventsArtEntertainment MemorabiliaMilitariaKnives, Swords & BladesSotheby's on eBayHome & GardenExpand: Home & GardenTop CategoriesFurnitureHome DécorKitchen & DiningHousekeeping & OrganizationBabyeBay CollectiveWineAdditional CategoriesMajor AppliancesGenerators Outdoor Power EquipmentPower ToolsHome ImprovementTool StoragePetsSporting GoodsExpand: Sporting GoodsTop CategoriesGolfCyclingFishingHuntingTeam SportsFitness & RunningSales & EventsAdditional CategoriesCamping EquipmentBaseball & SoftballGolf Clothing, Shoes & AccessoriesArcheryFitness EquipmentWater SportsPre-owned Sports GearToysExpand: ToysTop CategoriesAction FiguresBoard & Traditional GamesDiecast ToysDrones & RC VehiclesLEGO & Building ToysModel Railroads & TrainsPreschool & Pretend PlayAdditional CategoriesFeatured Toy DealsBarbie Dolls & Teddy BearsDart Guns, Ride-Ons & Outdoor StructuresModels & KitsStuffed AnimalsTrading Card GamesFeatured Toy EventsBusiness & IndustrialExpand: Business & IndustrialTop CategoriesElectrical & Test EquipmentHealthcare, Lab & Life ScienceHeavy EquipmentManufacturing & MetalworkingMRO & Industrial SupplyRestaurant & CateringAdditional CategoriesOfficePacking & ShippingRetail & ServicesLight Equipment & ToolsHeavy Equipment AttachmentsHeavy Equipment Parts & AccessoriesMusicExpand: MusicTop CategoriesGuitarsPro-AudioVinyl, CDs, & MoreOrchestra & BandDrumsDJConcert TicketsAdditional CategoriesElectric GuitarsAcoustic GuitarsBassAmpsEffects & PedalsGuitar PartsPre-owned Musical InstrumentsDealsExpand: DealsTop CategoriesDaily DealsElectronic DealsFashion DealsH&G DealsGift Card DealsCollectibles & ArtAdditional CategoriesSporting Goods DealsMotors DealsTravel DealsMusical Instrument DealsShop All DealsPre-owned PicksMore Expand: MoreMotorsFashionElectronicsCollectibles & ArtHome & GardenSporting GoodsToysBusiness & IndustrialMusicDealsCarousel showing banner 1 of 4eBay Exclusive: Professor Einstein Is HereA personal robot and a $50 eBay gift card—only $249.99.Get Yours Now Get Yours Now Limited collector’s edition.Free Shipping on Every Deal, Every DayPlus, we’ll match the price of our competition.Shop Deals Shop Deals Their Best Year Starts HereSave on uniforms, denim, backpacks, tech, and more.Shop Now Shop Now Stunning Savings. Radiant You.This season’s best makeup, skin care, and more from $9.99.Shop Now Shop Now eBay Exclusive: Professor Einstein Is HereA personal robot and a $50 eBay gift card—only $249.99.Get Yours Now Get Yours Now Limited collector’s edition.Free Shipping on Every Deal, Every DayPlus, we’ll match the price of our competition.Shop Deals Shop Deals Popular DestinationsWomen's FashionMen's FashionTechHomeMotorsDealsSell Something!Daily Deals - CarouselSee All - See All DealsSee All See All Carousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Daily Deals$39.99$74.99|46% OFF$129.99$249.99|48% OFF$50.00$179.99$299.00|39% OFF$19.99$79.99|75% OFF$24.99$60.00|58% OFF$14.95$129.95|88% OFF$199.99$59.99$159.99|62% OFF$389.99$550.00|29% OFF$126.95$199.99|36% OFF$899.99$1,499.99|40% OFF$199.00$549.00|63% OFF$19.99$42.98|53% OFFTrending on eBay - CarouselSee All Trends - See All TrendsCarousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Trending on eBay1Marvel Legends54.974 Views2Logitech10.707 Views3Air Plants38.346 Views4Golf Wang10.617 Views5Motorcycle Helmets43.351 Views6LEGO City23.800 Views7Nike298.592 Views8MacKenzie-Childs25.878 Views9Minecraft22.121 Views10Mechanical Keyboard35.484 ViewsTrending on eBay - Carousel paginationGet the Inside Scoop on SellingFind out how to sell popular items from top categories.Learn More Learn More Featured Sales & Events - CarouselSee All - See all eventsCarousel showing slide 1 of 4 - Featured Sales & EventsSchool SuppliesGear up for classwork and homework.Top Uniforms From $4.99Shop Cat & Jack, Old Navy, and moreMost Wanted Tech-ccessoriesUp to 40% off keyboards and moreStylish Summer Shoe SaleSandals and more from $9.99Handbags & Accessories SaleStarting at $39.99Campus-Ready LaptopsUp to 40% off | Free ShippingYour Workspace, Your WayDesks, chairs, and more under $100Summer Style, Now on SalePolos, shorts, and more from $9.99Featured Sales & Events - Carousel paginationYour Apple DestinationiPhones, MacBooks, iPads, and more for every price and budget.Shop Apple Shop Apple Editor’s Picks - CarouselSee All - See all eventsCarousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Editor’s PicksTime That Actually FliesTake off with these pilot watchesAn Eye for PastelBrighten up with these colorful sunglassesTake FlightCelebrating Amelia Earhart The Season’s Hottest CollaborationSupreme, meet Louis100 Years of NikonFocusing in on the famous camera brandFloat OnPlayful inflatables for summertime funHappy Hot Dog DayWeenies will roast this weekendPop Culture ParadiseGeek out over these Comic-Con exclusivesMan on the MoonCommemorating the Apollo 11 landingEditor’s Picks - Carousel pagination





michael mcdonald in Music CDs | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordCDs└ MusicAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				michael mcdonald cd michael mcdonald the ultimate collection michael mcdonald ultimate michael mcdonald motown kenny loggins ray manzarek robert palmer




















				Find deals and best selling products for Michael McDonald Music CDs


Shop Now










Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






566
results for michael mcdonald

Follow michael mcdonald to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow michael mcdonald to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following michael mcdonald in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  michael mcdonald: 
 












Items in search results








Michael McDonald - Voice of Michael McDonald [New CD]




					$13.98

									List price: Previous Price
$26.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMichael McDonald - Voice of Michael McDonald [New CD]






15% off $45+














1 CENT CD Motown - Michael McDonald









16 product ratings



$0.01


0 bids






















MICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION NEW CD









26 product ratings




					$12.47

									List price: Previous Price
$13.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping













SPONSORED
NEW - Ultimate Collection, The by Michael McDonald









26 product ratings




					$6.99



				Buy It Now













SPONSORED
MICHAEL MCDONALD-NO LOOKIN' BACK-JAPAN SHM-CD C41




					$13.50



				Buy It Now






See more like thisMICHAEL MCDONALD-NO LOOKIN' BACK-JAPAN SHM-CD C41




					From Japan








Michael McDonald - No Lookin Back [New CD] Shm CD, Japan - Import




					$15.24

									List price: Previous Price
$22.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMichael McDonald - No Lookin Back [New CD] Shm CD, Japan - Import















Mcdonald, Michael : Motown CD


		Free Shipping - Quality Guaranteed - Great Price








16 product ratings




					$3.48



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Buy 1, get 1 15% off














New listing
		Michael McDonald The Best of The Christmas Collection 20th Century CD (New)



$3.99


0 bids






See more like thisMichael McDonald The Best of The Christmas Collection 20th Century CD (New)














MICHAEL McDONALD (DOOBIE BROTHERS) - Blue Obsession CD









2 product ratings




					$8.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Ultimate Collection, Michael Mcdonald, Good










26 product ratings




					$7.50



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













MICHAEL MCDONALD-IF THAT'S WHAT IT TAKES EARLY ISSUE WB CD I KEEP FORGETTIN'









2 product ratings




					$6.25
Trending at
$8.25





				Buy It Now











MICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - IF THAT'S WHAT IT TAKES NEW CD




					$18.22



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - IF THAT'S WHAT IT TAKES NEW CD










The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-00)









18 product ratings




					$6.41



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















MICHAEL MCDONALD - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION - CD + BONUS Through The Many Winters









26 product ratings




					$11.99



				Buy It Now













SPONSORED
MICHAEL MCDONALD-THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION-JAPAN SHM-CD C41




					$12.99



				Buy It Now






See more like thisMICHAEL MCDONALD-THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION-JAPAN SHM-CD C41




					From Japan







SPONSORED
NEW - Soul Speak by Michael McDonald




					$5.98



				Buy It Now













The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) CD, Apr-2001









18 product ratings




					$4.85

									Was: Previous Price
$5.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						19% off















Michael McDonald : Motown Two [us Import] CD (2004)


		Free Shipping - Quality Guaranteed - Great Price








9 product ratings




					$3.71



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Buy 1, get 1 15% off















New listing
		Michael McDonald - Motown Two CD 2004 Motown [B0003472-02] U.S.A. ** MINT **




					$2.49



				Buy It Now


















The Very Best of Michael McDonald (CD, Rhino) I Keep Forgettin', Yah Mo Be There









18 product ratings




					$2.47

									Was: Previous Price
$2.75




				or Best Offer




						10% off










* MICHAEL MCDONALD - Motown









16 product ratings




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















MICHAEL McDONALD The Very Best CD (Rhino) + BONUS Doobie Brothers Best Of Live!!









18 product ratings




					$9.99



				Buy It Now















Voice Of Michael Mcdonoald - Michael Mcdonald (CD Used Very Good)




					$13.19

									List price: Previous Price
$26.98




				Buy It Now




					Only 1 left!















SPONSORED
Motown Two by Michael McDonald









9 product ratings




					$4.23



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Buy 2, get 1 50% off









SPONSORED
NEW - Motown Two by Michael McDonald









9 product ratings




					$5.49



				Buy It Now













Motown by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Jun-2003, Motown)









16 product ratings




					$2.37
Trending at
$3.48





				Buy It Now


















Michael McDonald If That's What It Takes WEST GERMANY TARGET CD DOOBIE BROTHERS









2 product ratings




					$20.00

									Was: Previous Price
$40.00




				Buy It Now




						50% off















The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-200









18 product ratings




					$8.49



				or Best Offer













The Best Of Lite FM CD Chicago! Michael McDonald And More!




					$4.99



				Buy It Now













The Ultimate Collection by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Aug-2005,...









26 product ratings




					$9.99



				or Best Offer











Michael McDonald - Ultimate Collection (2009)



$1.30


0 bids






See more like thisMichael McDonald - Ultimate Collection (2009)








					From United Kingdom

Customs services and international tracking provided








The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-200









18 product ratings




					$14.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Motown by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Jun-2003, Motown) Disc Only









16 product ratings




					$3.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













New listing
		Mcdonald, Michael : No Lookin Back CD VERY GOOD FREE SHIP USA




					$6.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Motown - Michael Mcdonald (CD Used Very Good)




					$11.60

									List price: Previous Price
$13.98




				Buy It Now


















If That's What It Takes by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Jul-1988, Warner…









2 product ratings




					$8.55



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Michael McDonald - Motown (CD, Motown) Grapevine, Ain't No Mountain, Reflections









16 product ratings




					$1.31

									Was: Previous Price
$1.45




				or Best Offer




						10% off










Christmas Collection: 20th Century Masters 2004 by Michael McDonald




					$4.20



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisChristmas Collection: 20th Century Masters 2004 by Michael McDonald










SPONSORED
MICHAEL McDONALD Through The Many Winters A Christmas Album CD




					$1.00



				or Best Offer









10% off 2+














Blue obsession by Michael McDonald (CD, 2000)




					$13.16



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Soul Speak - Michael Mcdonald (CD Used Very Good)




					$10.81

									List price: Previous Price
$13.98




				Buy It Now


















Michael McDonald-The Voice Of Michael McDonald  CD NEW




					$17.85



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMichael McDonald-The Voice Of Michael McDonald  CD NEW










DOOBIE BROTHERS CD BEST OF THE DOOBIES MICHAEL MCDONALD TOM JOHNSTON




					$3.00
Trending at
$3.49





				Buy It Now













This Christmas by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Aug-2013, BMG NEW SEALED




					$14.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisThis Christmas by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Aug-2013, BMG NEW SEALED















Take It To Heart By Michael Mcdonald









2 product ratings




					$2.99
Trending at
$3.66





				or Best Offer













MICHAEL MCDONALD MOTOWN TWO - CD - NEAR MINT CONDITION Original Wrap









9 product ratings




					$5.50



				Buy It Now













Michael McDonald : Soul Speak CD (2008)




					$8.00
Trending at
$9.55





				Buy It Now













New listing
		MICHAEL MCDONALD Motown Two CD









9 product ratings




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















Michael McDonald - No Lookin' Back Sanyo Japan Pressing CD Matrix 508269




					$15.84

									Was: Previous Price
$18.00




				or Best Offer




						12% off










New listing
		Don't Miss the Boat!, Michael McDonald, Natalie Grant,, New




					$5.00



				Buy It Now






See more like thisDon't Miss the Boat!, Michael McDonald, Natalie Grant,, New










Michael McDonald - If That's What It Takes West Germany Non Target 01 Matrix CD




					$14.96

									Was: Previous Price
$17.00




				or Best Offer




						12% off



See more like thisMichael McDonald - If That's What It Takes West Germany Non Target 01 Matrix CD










Audio CD Blink of an Eye - Mcdonald, Michael - Free Shipping









2 product ratings




					$4.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















New listing
		The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-200









18 product ratings



$5.99


0 bids

















Michael McDonald-The Voice Of Michael McDonald  (UK IMPORT)  CD NEW




					$15.71



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMichael McDonald-The Voice Of Michael McDonald  (UK IMPORT)  CD NEW




					From United Kingdom







Michael McDonald Blink Of An Eye CD Promo









2 product ratings




					$2.25
Trending at
$3.82





				Buy It Now











MICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION NEW CD




					$17.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMICHAEL MCDONALD (VOCALS/KEYS) - THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION NEW CD










The Very Best of Michael McDonald by Michael McDonald (Vocals/Keys) (CD, Apr-200









18 product ratings




					$7.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping
















Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All


 Music
(1,083)




CDs
(566)


Records
(473)


Cassettes
(23)


Wholesale Lots
(10)


Other Formats
(2)






Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
(928)






Entertainment Memorabilia
(181)






Tickets & Experiences
(165)






Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(130)







Toys & Hobbies
(117)


Collectibles
(109)


DVDs & Movies
(84)


Books
(66)


Musical Instruments & Gear
(10)


Art
(2)


Video Games & Consoles
(1)


Sporting Goods
(7)


Show more







Genre
see allGenre




Country
(4)





Holiday
(56)





Jazz
(2)





Pop
(29)





R&B & Soul
(312)





Rock
(72)





Soundtracks & Musicals
(2)






Duration
see allDuration




Album
(212)





EP
(1)





Mini Album
(1)





Single
(25)





Not Specified
(325)






Special Attributes
see allSpecial Attributes




Compilation
(18)





Digipak
(3)





Import
(18)





Limited Edition
(7)





Promo
(27)





Remastered
(2)





SACD
(6)






Artist
see allArtist




Japan
(2)





Michael McDonald
(528)





Various
(9)






Condition
see allCondition




Brand New
(165)





Like New
(131)





Very Good
(210)





Good
(48)





Acceptable
(12)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(566)




Auction
(21)




Buy It Now
(546)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




			Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter

		 This page was last updated:  Jul-26 10:03. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.
















Michael McDonald: A Gathering of Friends - MCDONALD,MICHAEL - 014381077322 | HPB









HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyWesternsTelevision: HBOAction/AdventureTelevision: SeriesDramaTelevision: BBCComedyChildren's VideoCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsCountry & WesternSoul/R&BPopular MusicJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11Jazz MusicFictionRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionSoundtracks & ScoresCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our StorySign up for our mailing list  and  save! JOIN THE LISTClickFIND A STOREMichael Mc Donald: A Gathering Of FriendsDirected by MCDONALD MICHAEL, Starring MCDONALD MICHAEL, Michael McDonald, Doobie Brothers, Jeff Bridges, Kenny Loggins, Christopher Cross, Patti LaBelle, Patti AustinTribute concert featuring the music of popular vocalist and songwriter, Michael McDonald.Condition: --HPB condition ratingsNew: This movie is unopened and brand new.Fine/Like New (EX): Near new. No defects, little sign of use. Plays perfectly. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. No skipping; no fuzzy or snowy frames in VHS.Very Good (VG): Attractive and well cared for but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, but will play almost perfectly. For VHS: barely detectable distortion or very few fuzzy or snowy frames.Good (G): This item is in okay condition and basically works well. There may be some minor distortion on VHS tape; slight scratching or wear on DVD.Fair (FR): Basically plays, but may be obviously well-worn with some scratching or tape distortion.Poor (P): Disc or tape is intact, but may be scratched or stretched. There may be skips or distortion or product defects.Conditions GuideFormat: DVDSold by: --Publisher: Image Entertainment, Inc.UPC: 014381077322Region: Region 1HPB pick - Out of stockLoading...Loading marketplace...Cast listMCDONALD MICHAEL, Michael McDonald, Doobie Brothers, Jeff Bridges, Kenny Loggins, Christopher Cross, Patti LaBelle, Patti AustinHPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: Mint condition or still sealed (SS). Absolutely perfect in every way. New.Fine/Like New (EX): No defects, little sign of use, well cared for. Plays perfectly. Close to new. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. Could be an unopened promotional or cut item. Sometimes called: mint-minus.Very Good (VG): Will show some signs that it was played and otherwise handled by a previous owner who took good care of it.Good (G): Attractive and well cared for, but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, scuffing or scratching, but will play almost perfectly. For vinyl: barely detectable crackles or pops.Fair (FR): This item is in okay condition. For vinyl: good is not so good and the record may have low level crackles or pops when playing. CD: one or more tracks may skip.Poor (P): Obviously well-worn and handled. Most vinyl collectors will not buy good or below, but some tracks on CD or vinyl will play.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: This movie is unopened and brand new.Fine/Like New (EX): Near new. No defects, little sign of use. Plays perfectly. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. No skipping; no fuzzy or snowy frames in VHS.Very Good (VG): Attractive and well cared for but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, but will play almost perfectly. For VHS: barely detectable distortion or very few fuzzy or snowy frames.Good (G): This item is in okay condition and basically works well. There may be some minor distortion on VHS tape; slight scratching or wear on DVD.Fair (FR): Basically plays, but may be obviously well-worn with some scratching or tape distortion.Poor (P): Disc or tape is intact, but may be scratched or stretched. There may be skips or distortion or product defects.Conditions Guide×

Mcdonald, Michael : Wide Open - Record Shop X





















We ship worldwide! Shipping starts at 2,95 €! Credit cards and PayPal accepted.






Home
Rock / Pop
Mcdonald, Michael
Wide Open





Mcdonald, Michael : Wide Open


















Wide Open

Mcdonald, Michael

Label

ADA/ BMG

Available versions


CD
LP



CD



CD
LP














CD



17,95 €


Buy



Release date: 15.9.2017.
Product will be shipped a day before the release date.


You can make a reservation for this product and pick it up after release date from the nearest Record Shop X.







LP



29,95 €


Buy



Release date: 13.10.2017.
Product will be shipped a day before the release date.


You can make a reservation for this product and pick it up after release date from the nearest Record Shop X.





 

Share with loved ones










Available versions








CD
Release date: 15.9.2017











LP
Release date: 13.10.2017











We ship worldwide! Shipping starts at 2,95 €

Items bought from the Internet will be shipped the same day. Read more














Others have viewed also these products






Rock / Pop -
Top 10 19.7.2017 - 26.7.2017



1



Del Rey, Lana
: Lust For Life



CD



2



Beatles
: Sgt. Pepper's lonely hearts club band



CD

2CD

2LP



3



Radiohead
: Ok Computer Oknotok 1997 2017



3LP

3LP



4



Red Hot Chili Peppers
: By the way



2LP

Used CD

CD



5



King, Carole
: Tapestry



LP

CD












We ship worldwide! Shipping starts at 2,95 €

Items bought from the Internet will be shipped the same day. Read more






More about shipping costs
Shipping costs


Nordea Solo
from 2,95 €


Osuuspankki
from 2,95 €


Danske Bank
from 2,95 €


Handelsbanken
from 2,95 €


Sp/POP payment
from 2,95 €


S-Bank
from 2,95 €


Tapiola Bank
from 2,95 €


Credit cards
from 2,95 €


PayPal
from 2,95 €




















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: CDs & Vinyl












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















CDs & Vinyl



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store       Settings














































































CDs & VinylBrowse best sellers, new releases, AutoRip CDs and vinyl records, deals, vinyl records, digital music, used music, and trade-in.











            Shop by category
        




        
            





.












Classic Rock






        
            





.












Country






        
            





.












Rap & Hip-Hop






        
            





.












Classical






        
            





.












Rock






        
            





.












Jazz










        
            





.












Metal






        
            





.












R&B






        
            





.












Blues






        
            





.












Pop






        
            





.












Alternative Rock






        
            





.












Soundtracks


















Best sellers




Previous page







Complete Studio Master Takes













	ELLA / ARMSTRONG,LOUIS FITZGERALD




	
		Vinyl
	

$10.99  









One More Light


Linkin Park

		Audio CD
	



328



$12.96  









Lust For Life













	Lana Del Rey




	
		Audio CD
	



63



$11.81  









Descendants 2













	Various




	
		Audio CD
	



12



$9.38  









Moana













	Soundtrack




	
		Audio CD
	



757



$11.59  









4:44













	JAY-Z




	
		Audio CD
	



148



$11.81  










Paranormal













	Alice Cooper




	
		Audio CD
	

$9.99  









Hybrid Theory


Linkin Park

		Audio CD
	



2,066



$5.99  









Descendants













	Dove Cameron, Cameron Boyce...




	
		DVD
	



2,078



$26.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  









Bluedio T3 Extra Bass Wireless...





1,528



$99.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $39.99  









Everything Now (Day Version)


Arcade Fire

		Audio CD
	

$11.99  









TROLLS













	Original Motion Picture Soundtrack




	
		Audio CD
	



527



$11.68  









Evolve


Imagine Dragons

		Audio CD
	



145



$11.88  









Traveller


Chris Stapleton

		Audio CD
	



3,355



$8.97  









From A Room: Volume 1













	Chris Stapleton




	
		Audio CD
	



401



$9.38  









The Nashville Sound













	Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit




	
		Audio CD
	



134



$8.99  









The Godfather 3-Movie Collection













	James Caan, Robert Duvall...




	
		DVD
	



345



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.87  










Meteora


Linkin Park

		Audio CD
	



1,951



$9.99  









24K Magic


Bruno Mars

		Audio CD
	



1,015



$11.88  









Divide (Deluxe Version)


Ed Sheeran

		Audio CD
	



401



$14.70  



Next page












Hot new releases




Previous page






Words













	Sara Evans




	
		Audio CD
	



5



$8.99  









God's Problem Child


Willie Nelson

		Audio CD
	



316



$7.92  









Purple Rain Deluxe













	Prince




	
		Audio CD
	



170



$27.22  










Add Violence EP













	Nine Inch Nails




	
		Audio CD
	

$6.30  









KIDZ BOP 35













	Kidz Bop Kids




	
		Audio CD
	



6



$10.99  










Flower Boy













	Tyler, The Creator




	
		Audio CD
	



14



$11.99  









Golden













	Romeo Santos




	
		Audio CD
	

$11.98  










Is This The Life We Really Want?













	Roger Waters




	
		Audio CD
	



340



$11.40  









Heart Break


Lady Antebellum

		Audio CD
	



64



$11.64  










Sacred Hearts Club













	Foster The People




	
		Audio CD
	



5



$11.78  









TajMo













	Taj Mahal/Keb' Mo'




	
		Audio CD
	



100



$12.59  









Defying Gravity (Deluxe Edition)













	Mr Big




	
		Audio CD
	



9



$8.99  









Melodrama


Lorde

		Audio CD
	



88



$11.88  









OK COMPUTER OKNOTOK 1997 2017


Radiohead

		Audio CD
	



31



$14.73  









Southern Blood [CD/DVD][Deluxe Edition]













	Gregg Allman




	
		Audio CD
	

$24.98  










Lindsey Buckingham Christine McVie


Lindsey Buckingham

		Audio CD
	



161



$11.88  









Turn Up The Quiet













	Diana Krall




	
		Audio CD
	



193



$11.86  










Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band...













	The Beatles




	
		Audio CD
	



650



$117.99  









Dunkirk: Original Motion Picture...













	Hans Zimmer




	
		Audio CD
	



9



$11.86  









Villains













	Queens Of the Stone Age




	
		Audio CD
	

$11.53  



Next page












Most gifted




Previous page






1byone Belt-Drive 3-Speed Stereo...





678



$89.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $49.99  










Back to Black [Vinyl]


Amy Winehouse

		Vinyl
	



1,488



$12.88  









DAMN. [2 LP]


Kendrick Lamar

		Vinyl
	



649



$29.99  










Abbey Road


The Beatles

		Vinyl
	



2,090



$19.88  









Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2...













	Soundtrack




	
		Vinyl
	



370



$27.06  









Kind Of Blue (Vinyl)


Miles Davis

		Vinyl
	



1,623



$16.12  









Wearhaus Arc Bluetooth Headphones...





105



$199.99  









Rumours


Fleetwood Mac

		Vinyl
	



1,154



$24.39  









The Lumineers


The Lumineers

		Vinyl
	



1,248



$9.40  










The Dark Side of the Moon


Pink Floyd

		Vinyl
	



3,375



$29.99  









Baby Driver













	Various




	
		Vinyl
	



36



$33.85  









Born To Die [LP]


Lana Del Rey

		Vinyl
	



1,140



$16.88  









1MORE Triple Driver In-Ear Headphones...





1,361



$99.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $92.95  









Victrola Vintage 3-Speed Bluetooth...



Innovative Technology




424



$59.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $44.09  









Guardians of the Galaxy: Awesome Mix 1













	VARIOUS ARTISTS




	
		Vinyl
	



2,667



$23.99  









Vessel


Twenty One Pilots

		Vinyl
	



773



$10.83  









Blurryface (2LP w/Digital Download)


Twenty One Pilots

		Vinyl
	



1,279



$26.72  









All the Right Moves













	Tom Cruise, Lea Thompson...




	
		DVD
	



116



$9.98 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.49  









Nevermind


Nirvana

		Vinyl
	



2,298



$23.33  









Back to the Future 30th Anniversary...













	Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd...




	
		Blu-ray
	



2,759



$49.98 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $24.96  



Next page












Most wished for




Previous page






Frozen













	Disney Karaoke Series




	
		Audio CD
	



1,063



$7.93  










Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band


The Beatles

		Audio CD
	



650



$21.28  









1byone Belt-Drive 3-Speed Portable...





599



$76.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $62.99  









Hidden In My Heart: A Lullaby Journey...













	Scripture Lullabies, Jay Stocker




	
		Audio CD
	



1,271



$12.99  









Dear Evan Hansen


Original Broadway Cast of Dear Evan Hansen

		Audio CD
	



140



$12.81  









Disney Karaoke Series: Moana


Disney Karaoke Series

		Audio CD
	



38



$7.93  









Lemonade













	Beyoncé




	
		Vinyl
	

$29.98  









La La Land: Original Motion Picture...













	Soundtrack




	
		Audio CD
	



788



$7.19  









Labyrinth













	David Bowie, Jennifer Connelly...




	
		DVD
	



2,899



$14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.25  









Garth Brooks: The Ultimate Hits


Garth Brooks

		Audio CD
	



1,376



$7.89  










Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band













	The Beatles - STEREO REMASTERED




	
		Vinyl
	



1,962



$22.61  










All Eyez on Me [Vinyl]


2Pac

		Vinyl
	



888



$14.12  









Hymns That Are Important To Us


Joey + Rory

		Audio CD
	



1,054



$9.38  



Next page















BrowseStream MusicAmazon Music UnlimitedPrime MusicFeatured ProgramsAutoRipCD Trade-InNew Releases by FormatCDMP3VinylBrowse by GenreAlternative RockBluesBroadway & VocalistsChildren's MusicChristian MusicClassical MusicClassic RockComedy & Spoken WordCountryDance & ElectronicFolkGospelHoliday & WeddingJazzKaraokeLatin MusicMetalNew AgeOpera & Classical VocalPopR&BRap & Hip-HopReggaeRockSoundtracksSpecial InterestWorld MusicMusic on Amazon DevicesAmazon EchoEcho DotAmazon TapFire TabletConnect with UsFacebookTwitterInstagramVinyl TumblrFeatured ProductsBand T-ShirtsBox SetsCD RaritiesDVD & Blu-rayGift CardsMusic CollectiblesVinyl RecordsMore to ExploreBest SellersMovers & ShakersMost GiftedMost Wished For 
 
 
 
 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

















Amazon.com: Blue-Eyed Soul: CDs & Vinyl













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Blue-Eyed Soul



Blue-Eyed Soul
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store       Settings




















































































Best sellers




Previous page






The Very Best Of Daryl Hall & John Oates


Hall & Oates

		Audio CD
	



625



$6.99  










Moondance [Vinyl]


Van Morrison

		Vinyl
	



518



$18.27  










Best Of The Doobies, The


The Doobie Brothers

		Audio CD
	



396



$4.99  








Ultimate Collection, The


Michael McDonald

		Audio CD
	



311



$9.99  









The Very Best of The Doobie Brothers


The Doobie Brothers

		Audio CD
	



279



$10.99  










The Definitive Rod Stewart (2CD)


Rod Stewart

		Audio CD
	



435



$11.88  









Unchained Melody - Best Of Righteous...


Righteous Brothers

		Audio CD
	



89



$4.99  








His Very Best


Robert Palmer

		Audio CD
	



29



$10.99  









Our Kind Of Soul


Hall & Oates

		Audio CD
	



136



$3.64  









Blowin' Your Mind


Van Morrison

		Audio CD
	



10



$7.99  









Sneakin' Sally Through The Alley


Robert Palmer

		Audio CD
	



69



$7.93  









The Best Of Dusty Springfield: 20th...


Dusty Springfield

		Audio CD
	



100



$7.93  










Best of Spencer Davis


Spencer Davis Group

		Audio CD
	



5



$8.98  










Simply Red - Greatest Hits


Simply Red

		Audio CD
	



100



$14.99  









Back in the High Life


Steve Winwood

		Audio CD
	



117



$11.99  










Motown


Michael McDonald

		Audio CD
	



274



$4.98  









BOZ SCAGGS HITS


Boz Scaggs

		Audio CD
	



217



$11.37  










Ultimate Collection


Dusty Springfield

		Audio CD
	



66



$11.99  










Down the Road


Van Morrison

		Audio CD
	



93



$28.44  









Common One


Van Morrison

		Audio CD
	



74



$6.99  



Next page












Most gifted




Previous page







Pure 80's


Pure 80's (Series)

		Audio CD
	



132



$10.99  









Astral Weeks


Van Morrison

		Vinyl
	



451











Dusty In Memphis (180 Gram Vinyl)


Dusty Springfield

		Vinyl
	



191



$19.99  









The Essential Daryl Hall & John Oates













	Daryl Hall, John Oates




	
		Audio CD
	



185



$11.88  










The Best of the 80's: 20th Century...


Fixx

		Audio CD
	



70



$7.26  









Young Americans


David Bowie

		Audio CD
	



170



$13.06  









The Very Best of the Rascals


Rascals

		Audio CD
	



302



$3.99  








Let's Dance [ECD]


David Bowie

		Audio CD
	



182



$9.95  










The Very Best of Robert Palmer


Robert Palmer

		Audio CD
	



156



$11.13  









Unchained Melody: Very Best Of The...


Righteous Brothers

		Audio CD
	



347



$3.99  










Casey Kasem Presents: America's Top...













	Various Artists, The Guess Who...




	
		Audio CD
	



43



$13.99  









Greatest Hits


Culture Club

		Audio CD
	



132



$7.29  









Station to Station


David Bowie

		Audio CD
	



257











The Best of the Righteous Brothers...


Righteous Brothers

		Audio CD
	



153



$7.93  










Very Best of


Todd Rundgren

		Audio CD
	



138



$5.92  










With A Little Help From My Friends


Joe Cocker

		Audio CD
	



89



$5.00  








Very Best of Dusty Springfield


Dusty Springfield

		Audio CD
	



162



$10.99  









The Collection -  Rare Earth


Rare Earth

		Audio CD
	



47



$7.06  









20th Century Masters: The Millennium...


Rare Earth

		Audio CD
	



208



$7.93  









Tonight


David Bowie

		Audio CD
	



79



$8.99  



Next page












Most wished for




Previous page







In Harmony: A Sesame Street Record













	Various Artists, Linda Ronstadt and Wendy Waldman




	
		Audio CD
	



100



$12.99  










The Raw & The Cooked


Fine Young Cannibals

		Audio CD
	



55



$7.46  









Silk Degrees


Boz Scaggs

		Audio CD
	



252



$6.99  









Too-Rye-Ay


Dexy's Midnight Runners

		Audio CD
	



24



$10.99  









25 Beach Music Classics













	Various Artists




	
		Audio CD
	



45



$13.88  










Billboard Top Rock 'n' Roll Hits: 1968













	Various Artists, Otis Redding...




	
		Audio CD
	



20



$38.99  










Hymns to the Silence


Van Morrison

		Audio CD
	



89











Like, Omigod! The '80s Pop Culture Box













	Various Artists




	
		Audio CD
	



107











Bowie At The Beeb: The Best of the...


David Bowie

		Audio CD
	



34











Dusty Springfield - Complete A And B...


Dusty Springfield

		Audio CD
	



25












Minute by Minute


The Doobie Brothers

		Vinyl
	



110











Big Bam Boom













	Hall & Oates




	
		Audio CD
	



56












'80s Gold













	Various Artists




	
		Audio CD
	



31












Something / Anything?


Todd Rundgren

		Audio CD
	



152











The Best of Van Morrison


Van Morrison

		Audio CD
	



200



$42.96  








Heart & Soul


Dusty Springfield

		Audio CD
	



19



$12.98  









Into the Music


Van Morrison

		Audio CD
	



108



$12.99  









One Step Up/Two Steps Back: The Songs...













	One Step Up Two Steps Back




	
		Audio CD
	



11











H20













	Daryl Hall and John Oates




	
		Audio CD
	



43



$5.89  









Love Me Tonight


John Nemeth

		Audio CD
	



6



$13.99  



Next page












Top rated




Previous page






Twenty-One Good Reasons: The Paul...


Paul Carrack

		Audio CD
	



12











Cool Cat Blues


Georgie Fame

		Audio CD
	



11











Best of Times













	Hall & Oates




	
		Audio CD
	



9











Platinum Collection


Fine Young Cannibals

		Audio CD
	



8











50 Years 50 Hits


Elvis Presley

		Audio CD
	



8











I Know That Name


Paul Carrack

		Audio CD
	



8











Early Works


Taylor Hicks

		Audio CD
	



8











Too Rye Aye


Dexy's Midnight Runners

		Audio CD
	



7



$9.01  










Your Kisses Are Charity 2 / Time


Culture Club, Dolly Parton

		Audio CD
	



7



$18.95  









Peaceful World


Rascals

		Audio CD
	



7












Bootleg Series 3: Nearly Human Tour...


Todd Rundgren

		Audio CD
	



7











The Ballads Collection


Hall & Oates

		Audio CD
	



6



$19.99  










Full House


Frankie Miller

		Audio CD
	



6











Women & Songs Beginnings













	Women & Songs-Beginnings




	
		Audio CD
	



6











See All Her Faces


Dusty Springfield

		Audio CD
	



6











Who Let You in Here


Big Ass Truck

		Audio CD
	



6



$12.99  









Taking Out Time 67-69


Spencer Davis Group

		Audio CD
	



6











Singles Collection 1


David Bowie

		Audio CD
	



6











Chartbusters USA, Vol. 2













	VARIOUS ARTISTS




	
		Audio CD
	



5



$10.99  









L.A. Getaway













	Chris Ethridge, Johnny Barbata...




	
		Audio CD
	



5





Next page












1-12 of 1,666 results for CDs & Vinyl : R&B : Soul : Blue-Eyed Soul



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Release Date




















Best Sellerin Blue-Eyed SoulThe Very Best Of Daryl Hall & John Oates2001 | Original recording remasteredby Hall & Oates
4.7 out of 5 stars
625
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$6.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 26MP3 Music$10.99Vinyl$29.53Prime
eligibleFREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $6.50,Vinylfrom $19.97

The Very Best of The Doobie Brothers2007by The Doobie Brothers
4.7 out of 5 stars
279
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$10.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 26MP3 Music$16.49
eligibleFREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $5.99

The Definitive Rod Stewart (2CD)2008by Rod Stewart
4.6 out of 5 stars
435
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$11.88PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 26MP3 Music$18.99
eligibleFREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $7.29

Best Sellerin Pop RockBest Of The Doobies, The2004by The Doobie Brothers
4.7 out of 5 stars
396
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$4.99Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by TODAY, Jul 26.MP3 Music$5.00Vinyl$18.99Prime
eligibleFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOther Formats:Audio Cassette
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $2.99,Vinylfrom $2.98,Audio Cassettefrom $2.50

Ultimate Collection, The2005by Michael McDonald
4.8 out of 5 stars
311
Audio CD$9.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 26
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $3.50

Best Sellerin Irish MusicMoondance [Vinyl]2008by Van Morrison
4.8 out of 5 stars
518
StreamingUnlimitedVinyl$18.27PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 26MP3 Music$5.00Audio CD$6.99Prime
eligibleFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOther Formats:Audio Cassette
New and Used:
Vinylfrom $18.27,Audio CDfrom $5.89,Audio Cassettefrom $2.99

Unchained Melody: Very Best Of The Righteous Brothers1991 | Best ofby Righteous Brothers
4.6 out of 5 stars
347
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$3.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 26MP3 Music$7.99Audio Cassettefrom $0.09
eligibleFREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $0.99,Audio Cassettefrom $0.09

The Very Best of the Rascals1993by Rascals
4.7 out of 5 stars
302
Audio CD$3.99Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 27.Audio Cassettefrom $9.99
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $3.00,Audio Cassettefrom $9.99

The Essential Daryl Hall & John Oates2005 | Original recording remasteredby Hall & Oates
4.5 out of 5 stars
185
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$11.88PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27MP3 Music$16.99
eligibleFREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $7.99

The Best of the Righteous Brothers: 20th Century Masters: Millennium Collection2006 | Original recording remasteredby Righteous Brothers
4.6 out of 5 stars
153
Audio CD$7.93PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 26MP3 Music$9.49
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $3.60

Very Best of1997by Todd Rundgren
4.4 out of 5 stars
138
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$5.92PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 26MP3 Music$9.49
eligibleFREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $1.33

Pure 80's1999by Pure 80's (Series)
4.5 out of 5 stars
132
Audio CD$10.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 26
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $1.59



 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
139
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.


Show results forFormatCassetteCDDVD AudioHybrid SACDSACDVinylAutoRip
(What's this?)


                                CDs & Vinyl
                                R&B
                                SoulBlue-Eyed SoulRefine byParental AdvisoryExclude Explicit LyricsArtistDaryl Hall & John OatesThe Doobie BrothersRod StewartMichael McDonaldVan MorrisonRighteous BrothersThe RascalsSee moreEditionSingles & EPsLive AlbumsImportsLimited EditionsBox SetsCompilationsDouble AlbumsAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionUsedNewCollectibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates















MCDONALD, MICHAEL Products | Rare Records





















































































        











 0  



 was successfully added to your cart.			













Start typing and press enter to begin your search 








Home
Store
Exclusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale
Store 

Exclusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale


Formats 

Audio Tapes
Autographed Items
Books
CDs
Clothing
DVDs
Magazines
Miscellaneous
Posters
Store Displays
Tour Programs
Video Tapes
Vinyl


My Account
Wishlists
Contact




 




 



Home  Store  MCDONALD, MICHAEL





Filter Products







Active Filters:

Select filters from the sidebar to narrow your results.Select filters above to narrow your results.




 





Category




Country




Release Date




Artist



Label



Price



Item Specifics















AUD $14.99
Picture Sleeve - Includes Inner Lyric Picture Sleeve 


MCDONALD, MICHAEL
It That’s What It Takes
Vinyl, 
	12 Inch / LP
View Item









 Need help finding that elusive rare record? Let us help! 
Get In Touch 







Newsletter Sign-upPlease enter your email below to keep up to date with all our latest releases, news and sales.
NavigationHome
Store
Exlcusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale
Gift Voucher
Contact
 


My AccountMy Account
Order Tracking
Further InformationAbout Us
Grading Guide
Ordering Info
Payment Methods
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
Terms & Conditions




About Rare Records We are a Melbourne based, independent, online record store, specializing in the coolest rare and collectible vinyl records, CDs, posters and other music memorabilia.
 Phone:
 +61 3 9394 8339
 Email:
admin@rarerecords.com.au
 Operating Hours:
Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm
 Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 161
Laverton VIC 3028
Australia





Instagram Feed Follow on Instagram












© 2017 Rare Records. All Rights Reserved. ABN: 81 942 446 081 



     




 





Create a new list















































Products | Rare Records






















































































        











 0  



 was successfully added to your cart.			













Start typing and press enter to begin your search 








Home
Store
Exclusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale
Store 

Exclusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale


Formats 

Audio Tapes
Autographed Items
Books
CDs
Clothing
DVDs
Magazines
Miscellaneous
Posters
Store Displays
Tour Programs
Video Tapes
Vinyl


My Account
Wishlists
Contact




 




 


Store
Home  Store





Filter Products







Active Filters:

Select filters from the sidebar to narrow your results.Select filters above to narrow your results.




 





Category




Country




Release Date




Artist



Label



Price



Item Specifics















AUD $44.99



ACW (AUSTRALIAN CHAMPIONSHIP WRESTLING)
Dandenong Town Hall, 23rd November 1985 Wrestling Event Poster
Posters, 
	Regular Sizes - Promo
View Item










AUD $44.99



SLIPKNOT
Draven Shoes Reusable Window Cling Decal
Miscellaneous, 
	Other, 
	Stickers - Promo
View Item










AUD $44.99



SEX PISTOLS
Draven Shoes Reusable Window Cling Decal
Miscellaneous, 
	Other, 
	Stickers - Promo
View Item










AUD $44.99



GREEN DAY
Draven Shoes Reusable Window Cling Decal
Miscellaneous, 
	Other, 
	Stickers - Promo
View Item










AUD $44.99



MISFITS
Draven Shoes Reusable Window Cling Decal
Miscellaneous, 
	Other, 
	Stickers - Promo
View Item










AUD $34.99
Unique Fold-Out Poster Design 


IRON MAIDEN
Somewhere Back In Time World Tour 2008/09 Tour Program
Tour Programs
View Item










AUD $29.99



MAYHEM
Large Back Patch
Miscellaneous, 
	Patches
View Item










AUD $34.99



KORN
Issues Era Beanie
Clothing, 
	Caps / Hats
View Item










AUD $14.99



SPICE GIRLS
Competition Scratchie Ticket
Miscellaneous, 
	Other - Promo
View Item










AUD $224.99
Fully Signed By Seven Members - Jewel Case With Front And Back Inserts 


SLIPKNOT
Iowa
CD, 
	Album - Autographed
View Item










AUD $79.99
RARE Instore Play Advance CD - Die-Cut Sleeve 


DION, CELINE
Let’s Talk About Love
CD, 
	Single / EP - Promo
View Item










AUD $249.99
Set Of Four - Comes In Original McFarlane Toys Box - Includes Catalogue 


KISS
Ultra-Action Figures Set
Miscellaneous, 
	Figurines
View Item










AUD $64.99



KISS
Peter Criss Bust Collectible Statuette
Miscellaneous, 
	Figurines
View Item










AUD $64.99



KISS
Ace Frehley Bust Collectible Statuette
Miscellaneous, 
	Figurines
View Item










AUD $64.99



KISS
Paul Stanley Bust Collectible Statuette
Miscellaneous, 
	Figurines
View Item










AUD $99.99
RARE! 


KISS
Peter Criss Pewter Bust Collectible Statuette
Miscellaneous, 
	Figurines
View Item










AUD $64.99
RARE! 


KISS
Paul Stanley Pewter Bust Collectible Statuette
Miscellaneous, 
	Figurines
View Item










AUD $49.99



RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS
‘By The Way’ Inflatable Beach Ball
Miscellaneous, 
	Other
View Item










AUD $64.99
RARE! 


KISS
Gene Simmons Pewter Bust Collectible Statuette
Miscellaneous, 
	Figurines
View Item










AUD $39.99
RARE! - Booklet-Style Card Packaging 


COCKER, JOE
Night Calls
Audio Tapes, 
	CD, 
	Album - Promo
View Item











 Need help finding that elusive rare record? Let us help! 
Get In Touch 







Newsletter Sign-upPlease enter your email below to keep up to date with all our latest releases, news and sales.
NavigationHome
Store
Exlcusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale
Gift Voucher
Contact
 


My AccountMy Account
Order Tracking
Further InformationAbout Us
Grading Guide
Ordering Info
Payment Methods
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
Terms & Conditions




About Rare Records We are a Melbourne based, independent, online record store, specializing in the coolest rare and collectible vinyl records, CDs, posters and other music memorabilia.
 Phone:
 +61 3 9394 8339
 Email:
admin@rarerecords.com.au
 Operating Hours:
Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm
 Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 161
Laverton VIC 3028
Australia





Instagram Feed Follow on Instagram












© 2017 Rare Records. All Rights Reserved. ABN: 81 942 446 081 



     




 





Create a new list











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





 



Fox Theater Oakland - Fox Theater Tickets Available from OnlineCityTickets.com




























We are a resale marketplace.
Prices may exceed face value.
This site is not owned by any venue.




 800 854 2196
                        


Home

About Us

Contact Us

Policies

FAQ



















        Fox Theater Oakland Tickets    
Operated by OnlineCityTickets.com























 













OnlineCityTickets is a resale marketplace. 100% Buyer Guarantee.
Prices may be above face value. We are not owned by any venue.
 
Fox Theater Oakland Tickets










Ticket Information

Inventory
We are a resale marketplace, not a box office or venue. Ticket prices may exceed face value. This site is not owned by Fox Theater Oakland.


Guarantee
100% Buyer Guarantee. Tickets are authentic and will arrive before event.



Address


1807 Telegraph Avenue Oakland, CA 94612, United States












Fox Theater Oakland

The Fox Theatre Oakland has been one of the premier venues on the west coast since its opening in 1928. The Fox Theatre in Oakland is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has a 2,800 seating capacity for all shows. The Fox Theatre box office is located at 1807 Telegraph Avenue in downtown Oakland, California. The Fox Theatre has been restored a couple different times but most recently reopening in February 2009. Some of the most popular Fox Theatre tickets have included acts like Bob Dylan, The Allman Brothers, The Moody Blues, Jeff Beck, Keane, Seal, Alice in Chains, and Green Day.

Fox.TheatreOakland.com is not affiliated with any primary box office, supplier, or official website. We are an independently owned and operated company that specializes in online sales in the secondary market. Ticket prices may be above or below face value and will fluctuate with the market. To order tickets for all Fox Theatre Oakland events simply click on the performance of interest or pick up the phone and call our operators at anytime.
























 OnlineCityTickets.com is a leading provider of resale tickets in the secondary market, specializing in concerts, theater, family shows, traveling Broadway, and sporting events. All orders are covered by our 100% Buyer Guarantee.
We are a privately owned and operated company and not affiliated with any primary website, venue, box office, or supplier. Prices on our sites may be above or below face value.
Copyright 2017 OnlineCityTickets.com


Navigation
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Policies
Guarantee














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















 


Wente Vineyards Boz Scaggs And Michael McDonald Tickets | TicketOffices.com




























 







                                        844-379-0370                                    















Wente Vineyards Tickets


                            5565 Tesla Road, Livermore, CA                        







                                            Boz Scaggs And Michael McDonald                                                Tickets at Wente Vineyards On Sale Now
                                    











                                Boz Scaggs And Michael McDonald Concert                            
 | 


                                About Wente Vineyards                            





                                                                                                            Aug 15                                                                                                    

                                                    Tue 8:15 PM                                                






                                                        Boz Scaggs and Michael McDonald                                                    





 Tickets 
 >> 








Wente Vineyards is a winery and live music venue located in the sunny city of Livermore, California. 

Wente Vineyards is a winery and bistro that serves up Californian-Mediterranean foods and drinks as well as delicious wines. With plenty of patio space, live bands often play the venue. Both local and national acts play at Wente Vineyards. 

Wente Vineyards hosts musicals and theater shows occasionally. 









Ticket Information

                                    We are a resale marketplace, not the Wente Vineyards box office or venue.
                                    Ticket prices may exceed face value.
                                    This site is not owned by, operated by, or affiliated with Wente Vineyards.
                                

                                    100% Guarantee.
                                    TicketOffices.com tickets are authentic and will arrive before the event.
                                



Looking for Deals?
Subscribe for special offers in your area









Submit





About the Wente Vineyards
 Wente Vineyards is a winery and live music venue located in the sunny city of Livermore, California. 

Wente Vineyards is a winery and bistro that serves up Californian-Mediterranean foods and drinks as well as delicious wines. With plenty of patio space, live bands often play the venue. Both local and national acts play at Wente Vineyards. 

Wente Vineyards hosts musicals and theater shows occasionally.  

                                            Buy tickets for the Boz Scaggs And Michael McDonald                                             concert at Wente Vineyards.

                                            Tickets are on sale now for the concert on Aug 15th 2017.
                                            Boz Scaggs And Michael McDonald tickets are expected to sell fast but we have great
                                            availability on resale  tickets.
                                        




















OK




























Fox Theater Oakland Tickets








































Tickets-Center.com





                    1-800-683-8959
                











100% Buyer Guarantee

View buyer guarantee details by clicking here
Tickets are resale and prices may be above face
We are not affiliated with any venue




Michael McDonald Tickets


Fox Theater  - Oakland, CA












                Michael McDonald at Fox Theater Oakland Tickets
            

                Not affiliated with venue. Prices may be above face value.
            




Buy With Confidence
Our checkout cart is encrypted and verified by Norton to ensure your privacy.
Every order is backed by our guarantee that your ticket will arrive before the event and will be refunded if the event is canceled.






















Thu
Nov 16
 7:30PM


Michael McDonald
Fox Theater Oakland, Oakland, CA


View Tickets
Tickets







                    Michael McDonald at other venues
                























                    We display resale event tickets. 
Prices may be above face value. 
We are not affiliated with any venue. 
                

Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Us












	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































