



















































































Dental Up Podcast with Damien Mcdonald from Kerr Dental Products       |4K ULTRA HD| on Vimeo























Upload









×




 Watch in our app 

Open in app



















Please enable JavaScript to experience Vimeo in all of its glory.





Dental Up Podcast with Damien Mcdonald from Kerr Dental Products       |4K ULTRA HD|



from

Keating Dental Arts



 PRO 




2 years ago







Deep into the Science of Dental Patient Care with special guest: Damien McDonald President of Kerr Dental Products
To hear the Full Podcast visit our ITUNES PAGE:  http://bit.ly/dentalupitunes
Dr. David Hornbrook (Clinical Director of Education and Technology at Keating Dental Arts) has a dynamic interview with “Damien McDonald”, president of Kerr Dental Products!  
Some topics in this elaborate interview are Danaher’s pursuit of companies that are innovating the dental industry with science and technology such as (Nobel Biocare) as well as getting deep into the science of dental industry and clinical patient care.
-Damien McDonald, President of Kerr: 
“When I look at my career choices so far, helping people is the main objective for all of the companies I’ve worked for. In some cases, the products that I worked with saved lives, and sometimes it’s been about a patient’s self-esteem, but the common thread has always been about helping people. So that’s what I love about working with medical and dental products — if we get our job right, we make a patient’s life better.”
For More information on new guest, education and technology innovations in the dental industry visit our main page:
keatingdentalarts.com 
































Damien McDonald - Chief Executive Officer at LivaNova PLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Damien McDonald
Chief Executive Officer at LivaNova PLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees 


Damien McDonald
Chief Executive Officer at LivaNova PLC



 Overview



Age



52
                                  (Born 1965)
                                              




Notable Companies


Kerr Corporation

Kerr Corp.

LivaNova PLC




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 341 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
June 29, 2017





                        FDA Approves VNS Therapy Treatment for Drug-Resistant Epilepsy in Children as Young as Four Years Old                    





Business Wire
June 21, 2017





                        VNS Therapy Receives FDA Approval for Expanded MRI Labeling                    





Business Wire
June 12, 2017





                        LivaNova Appoints Keyna Skeffington as Senior Vice President and General Counsel                    





Business Wire
May 16, 2017





                        LivaNova Announces Thad Huston as Chief Financial Officer                    





Business Wire
May 9, 2017





                        LivaNova PLC to Present at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Jefferies Conferences                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Daniel Moore

Former President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Cyberonics, Inc.




Sharon O'Kane

Member at North West Science Council





Arthur Rosenthal

Professor at Boston University - College of Engineering




Hugh M. Morrison

Former Managing Director at Callahan Advisors LLC





Michael S. Perry

Chief Executive Officer & Non-Executive Director at Avita Medical Ltd.




Alfred J. Novak

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at OrbusNeich Medical, Inc.





Guy C. Jackson

Former Audit Partner at Ernst & Young LLP




Andrea L. Saia

Former Global Head-Vision Care at Novartis AG





Stefano Gianotti

Member, Board of Directors at LivaNova PLC




Francesco Bianchi

Co-Founder at H7 SpA







See 331 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 331 More 


 


 Paths to Damien McDonald



            Damien McDonald          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Damien McDonald






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Damien McDonald.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


The University of Queensland

                  The University of Queensland                




 


The University of Wales

                  ght into being through the determination, enthusiasm for learning, and generosity of ordinary Welsh people, the establishment of the University of Wales by Royal Charter in 1893 was regarded as one of the most important political and social developments in the nineteenth century. The University of Wales has a long and proud history, playing an important role in the development of higher education in Wales.

Through the University’s support for the Centre for Advanced Welsh and Celtic Studies (CAWCS), Geiriadur Prifysgol Cymru (The Welsh Dictionary), Gregynog Hall (bequeathed to the University in the 1960’s) and the University of Wales Press, it helped to promote and celebrate the language, heritage and culture of Wales.                




 


International Institute for Management Development

                  IMD business school is located in Lausanne, Switzerland. It consistently ranks at the top compared to other business schools worldwide. In 2012 and 2013, it was ranked first in open programs worldwide by the Financial Times. Its MBA program is ranked among the top tier programs in the world.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer

                                    2016 - Current                


LivaNova PLC


                  LivaNova Plc is a global medical technology company specializing in the areas of Cardiac Surgery, Neuromodulation and Cardiac Rhthym Management. The company was founded on October 19, 2015 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.                




Group President

                                    Prior                


Kerr Corporation






President

                                    Prior                


Kerr Corp.


                  Kerr Corp., a subsidiary of Danaher Corp., is an American company located in Orange, CA. The firm develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes dental products.                




Group Executive & Corporate Vice President

                                    Prior                


Danaher Corporation


                  We are a science and technology leader designing, manufacturing, and marketing innovative products and services to professional, medical, industrial, and commercial customers.
 Microscopes that let researchers see life at 100 nanometers in three dimensions. Dental diagnostics that spot decay as it forms, enabling painless, noninvasive treatments. Disinfection technologies that help ensure safe drinking water at the rate of billions of gallons of water a day. Transaction systems that bring new levels of speed and security to consumers. Network analyzers that link seamlessly with sophisticated software to maximize uptime.  Danaher products span some of the most demanding applications in the world, creating new possibilities not only for those who use them, but for millions more who never give them a moment’s thought. In every case, they’re delivering benefits that matter to markets that are eager for innovation. And we are doing it through a customer-centric approach that unites our businesses and has made them global leaders.

Danaher is a Fortune 200, NYSE-listed, science and technology leader that designs, manufactures, and markets innovative products and services to professional, medical, industrial, and commercial customers.  Our portfolio of premier brands is among the most highly recognized in each of the markets we serve.  Our 59,000 associates around the world serve customers in more than 125 countries.  In 2011, we generated $16.1 billion of revenue from five reporting segments: Test & Measurement, Environmental, Dental, Life Sciences & Diagnostics, and Industrial Technologies                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2016 - Current                  


LivaNova PLC

                    LivaNova Plc is a global medical technology company specializing in the areas of Cardiac Surgery, Neuromodulation and Cardiac Rhthym Management. The company was founded on October 19, 2015 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.                  




Independent Non-Executive Director

                    2016 - Current                  


Avita Medical Ltd.

                    Avita Medical Ltd. engages in the development and distribution of regenerative and respiratory medicine. It has a clinical pipeline of products and an established platform capable of delivering further regenerative medicine products. The company was founded on December 21, 1992 and is headquartered in Royston, the United Kingdom.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member at Large, Board of Directors

                    2015 - Current                  


Dental Trade Alliance

                    ENHANCE MEMBERS SUCCESS AND INCREASE DENTAL DEMAND                  





 Other Affiliations




              Damien McDonald is affiliated with
                            LivaNova PLC, Kerr Corporation, Kerr Corp., Danaher Corporation, LivaNova PLC, Avita Medical Ltd., Dental Trade Alliance.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤





































McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's














{{tmplFields.popuptitle}}
{{tmplFields.popupsubtitle}}























{{tmplFields.popupbutton}}














{{notification.msg}}



{{notification.msg}}
















Take a Food Tour of ourFull Menu

View our delicious menu featuring a wide selection of meals, snacks, drinks, and more.
Show your local Menu














Take a Food Tour of ourFull Menu

View our delicious menu featuring a wide selection of meals, snacks, drinks, and more.
Show your local Menu







































                    Breakfast
                    



                    
                        View All





















{{data.marketingName}}





View All 









                    Burgers
                    



                    
                        View All





















{{data.marketingName}}





View All 









                    Chicken & Sandwiches
                    



                    
                        View All





















{{data.marketingName}}





View All 









                    Salads
                    



                    
                        View All





















{{data.marketingName}}





View All 









                    Snacks & Sides
                    



                    
                        View All





















{{data.marketingName}}





View All 









                    Desserts & Shakes
                    



                    
                        View All





















{{data.marketingName}}





View All 









                    Drinks
                    



                    
                        View All





















{{data.marketingName}}





View All 









                    McCafé®
                    



                    
                        View All





















{{data.marketingName}}





View All 





Important Note:
At McDonald's, we take great care to serve quality, great-tasting menu items to our customers each and every time they visit our restaurants. We understand that each of our customers has individual needs and considerations when choosing a place to eat or drink outside their home, especially those customers with food allergies. As part of our commitment to you, we provide the most current ingredient information available from our food suppliers for the eight most common allergens as identified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (eggs, dairy, wheat, soy, peanuts, tree nuts, fish and shellfish), so that our guests with food allergies can make informed food selections. However, we also want you to know that despite taking precautions, normal kitchen operations may involve some shared cooking and preparation areas, equipment and utensils, and the possibility exists for your food items to come in contact with other food products, including allergens. We encourage our customers with food allergies or special dietary needs to visit www.mcdonalds.com for ingredient information, and to consult their doctor for questions regarding their diet. Due to the individualized nature of food allergies and food sensitivities, customers' physicians may be best positioned to make recommendations for customers with food allergies and special dietary needs. If you have questions about our food, please reach out to us directly at mcdonalds.com/contact or 1- 800-244-6227.
Nutrient contributions from individual components may not equal the total due to federal rounding regulations. Percent Daily Values (DV) and RDIs are based on unrounded values.

** Percent Daily Values (DV) are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.


The nutrition information on this website is derived from testing conducted in accredited laboratories, published resources, or from information provided from McDonald's suppliers. The nutrition information is based on standard product formulations and serving sizes (including ice for beverages). All nutrition information is based on average values for ingredients from McDonald's suppliers throughout the U.S. and is rounded to meet current U.S. FDA NLEA guidelines. Variation in serving sizes, preparation techniques, product testing and sources of supply, as well as regional and seasonal differences may affect the nutrition values for each product. In addition, product formulations change periodically. You should expect some variation in the nutrient content of the products purchased in our restaurants. Beverage sizes may vary in your market. McDonald’s USA does not certify or claim any of its US menu items as Halal, Kosher or meeting any other religious requirements. We do not promote any of our US menu items as vegetarian, vegan or gluten-free. The natural flavors that we use are derived from animal, plant, dairy or honey sources. Our fried menu items are cooked in a vegetable oil blend with citric acid added as a processing aid and dimethylpolysiloxane to reduce oil splatter when cooking. We are no longer adding TBHQ to our restaurant cooking oil, but as we transition to our new oil supply, some restaurants may have trace amounts of TBHQ in their cooking oil for a period of time. This information is correct as of February 2017, unless stated otherwise.



















JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
               For news, promotions, and more delivered right to your inbox.
            















Submit





*By clicking "Submit" you agree to receive emails, promotions, and general messages from McDonald's. In addition, you also agree to the McDonald’s Privacy Statement and Terms & Conditions.

 Already on our list? Update your profile 



You’re In!
               Thanks for signing up! 
Complete Your Profile





Update Your Profile
				 Hello ! This is the info we have for you. Feel free to change it any time you like.
			






Name:




Email:




Spanish:






Birthday:
 



Password:
••••••••



Address:

edit






Update your profile 











JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
			 For news, promotions, and more delivered right to your inbox.
	  






 








Submit





*By clicking "Submit" you agree to receive emails, promotions, and general messages from McDonald's. In addition, you also agree to the McDonald’s Privacy Statement and Terms & Conditions.
 Already on our list?
		Update your profile





You’re In!
			 Thanks for signing up! 
Complete Your Profile





Update Your Profile
         Hello ! This is the info we have for you. Feel free to change it any time you like.
      






Name:




Email:




Spanish:






Birthday:
 



Password:
••••••••



Address:

edit






Update your profile 


























Please select a location below:




 {{location.formattedAddress}} 























List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=792441850"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Damien Macdonald 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




















Behance










Damion Mcdonald 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017











































Cheeseburger | McDonald's














{{tmplFields.popuptitle}}
{{tmplFields.popupsubtitle}}























{{tmplFields.popupbutton}}














{{notification.msg}}



{{notification.msg}}




























The cheesy original.
										  Cheeseburger

A juicy, 100% pure beef patty with absolutely no fillers, additives or preservatives, seasoned with a pinch of salt and pepper, and topped with a tangy pickle, chopped onions, ketchup, mustard, and a slice of melty American cheese.











 A juicy, 100% pure beef patty with absolutely no fillers, additives or preservatives, seasoned with a pinch of salt and pepper, and topped with a tangy pickle, chopped onions, ketchup, mustard, and a slice of melty American cheese.




 Previous ingredients 








REGULAR BUN










100% BEEF PATTY










PASTEURIZED PROCESS AMERICAN CHEESE










KETCHUP










PICKLE SLICES










ONIONS










MUSTARD






 Next ingredients 








 view nutrition summary 







 Please Select 
 {{serveSize.first}}


{{r.label}}











{{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[2].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[2].value}}{{allNutritionValues[2].uom}}
 Calories {{allNutritionValues[2].adult_dv}}


{{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[21].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[21].value}}{{allNutritionValues[21].uom}}
 Total Fat {{allNutritionValues[21].adult_dv}}


{{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[22].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[22].value}}{{allNutritionValues[22].uom}}
 Total Carbs {{allNutritionValues[22].adult_dv}}


{{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[11].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[11].value}}{{allNutritionValues[11].uom}}
 Protein {{allNutritionValues[11].adult_dv}}







Calories From Fat: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[23].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[23].value}}{{allNutritionValues[23].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[23].adult_dv}}
											

Saturated Fat: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[4].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[4].value}}{{allNutritionValues[4].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[4].adult_dv}}
											

Trans Fat: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[29].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[29].value}}{{allNutritionValues[29].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[29].adult_dv}}
											

Cholesterol: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[6].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[6].value}}{{allNutritionValues[6].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[6].adult_dv}}
											



Sodium: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[7].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[7].value}}{{allNutritionValues[7].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[7].adult_dv}}
											

Dietary Fiber: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[9].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[9].value}}{{allNutritionValues[9].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[9].adult_dv}}
											

Sugars: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[10].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[10].value}}{{allNutritionValues[10].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[10].adult_dv}}
											



Vitamin A: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[12].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[12].value}}{{allNutritionValues[12].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[12].adult_dv}}
											

Vitamin C: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[13].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[13].value}}{{allNutritionValues[13].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[13].adult_dv}}
											

Calcium: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[14].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[14].value}}{{allNutritionValues[14].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[14].adult_dv}}
											

Iron: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[15].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[15].value}}{{allNutritionValues[15].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[15].adult_dv}}
											

Serves:  {{serves}}
											





Calories From Fat: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[23].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[23].value}}{{allNutritionValues[23].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[23].adult_dv}} 
									

Saturated Fat: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[4].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[4].value}}{{allNutritionValues[4].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[4].adult_dv}} 
									

Trans Fat: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[29].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[29].value}}{{allNutritionValues[29].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[29].adult_dv}} 
									

Cholesterol: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[6].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[6].value}}{{allNutritionValues[6].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[6].adult_dv}} 
									

Sodium: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[7].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[7].value}}{{allNutritionValues[7].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[7].adult_dv}} 
									



Dietary Fiber: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[9].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[9].value}}{{allNutritionValues[9].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[9].adult_dv}} 
									

Sugars: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[10].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[10].value}}{{allNutritionValues[10].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[10].adult_dv}} 
									

Vitamin A: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[12].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[12].value}}{{allNutritionValues[12].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[12].adult_dv}} 
									

Vitamin C: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[13].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[13].value}}{{allNutritionValues[13].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[13].adult_dv}} 
									

Calcium: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[14].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[14].value}}{{allNutritionValues[14].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[14].adult_dv}} 
									

Iron: {{isUndefined(allNutritionValues[15].value) ? "0" : allNutritionValues[15].value}}{{allNutritionValues[15].uom}} {{allNutritionValues[15].adult_dv}} 
									

Serves:  {{serves}}
									




 *Percent Daily Values (DV) are based on a 2,000 calorie diet   





 view INGREDIENTS & allergens 




{{c.name}}
























Customize your menu item. You can also view the nutrition of an entire meal.

CUSTOMIZE












Cheeseburger Goes Well With





Cheeseburger Goes Well With with  


Cheeseburger Goes Well With with  













{{data.marketingName}}














More
                    
                    {{title}} 



                     




















{{data.marketingName}}















Important Note:
At McDonald's, we take great care to serve quality, great-tasting menu items to our customers each and every time they visit our restaurants. We understand that each of our customers has individual needs and considerations when choosing a place to eat or drink outside their home, especially those customers with food allergies. As part of our commitment to you, we provide the most current ingredient information available from our food suppliers for the eight most common allergens as identified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (eggs, dairy, wheat, soy, peanuts, tree nuts, fish and shellfish), so that our guests with food allergies can make informed food selections. However, we also want you to know that despite taking precautions, normal kitchen operations may involve some shared cooking and preparation areas, equipment and utensils, and the possibility exists for your food items to come in contact with other food products, including allergens. We encourage our customers with food allergies or special dietary needs to visit www.mcdonalds.com for ingredient information, and to consult their doctor for questions regarding their diet. Due to the individualized nature of food allergies and food sensitivities, customers' physicians may be best positioned to make recommendations for customers with food allergies and special dietary needs. If you have questions about our food, please reach out to us directly at mcdonalds.com/contact or 1- 800-244-6227.
Nutrient contributions from individual components may not equal the total due to federal rounding regulations. Percent Daily Values (DV) and RDIs are based on unrounded values.

** Percent Daily Values (DV) are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.


The nutrition information on this website is derived from testing conducted in accredited laboratories, published resources, or from information provided from McDonald's suppliers. The nutrition information is based on standard product formulations and serving sizes (including ice for beverages). All nutrition information is based on average values for ingredients from McDonald's suppliers throughout the U.S. and is rounded to meet current U.S. FDA NLEA guidelines. Variation in serving sizes, preparation techniques, product testing and sources of supply, as well as regional and seasonal differences may affect the nutrition values for each product. In addition, product formulations change periodically. You should expect some variation in the nutrient content of the products purchased in our restaurants. Beverage sizes may vary in your market. McDonald’s USA does not certify or claim any of its US menu items as Halal, Kosher or meeting any other religious requirements. We do not promote any of our US menu items as vegetarian, vegan or gluten-free. The natural flavors that we use are derived from animal, plant, dairy or honey sources. Our fried menu items are cooked in a vegetable oil blend with citric acid added as a processing aid and dimethylpolysiloxane to reduce oil splatter when cooking. We are no longer adding TBHQ to our restaurant cooking oil, but as we transition to our new oil supply, some restaurants may have trace amounts of TBHQ in their cooking oil for a period of time. This information is correct as of February 2017, unless stated otherwise.


















JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
               For news, promotions, and more delivered right to your inbox.
            















Submit





*By clicking "Submit" you agree to receive emails, promotions, and general messages from McDonald's. In addition, you also agree to the McDonald’s Privacy Statement and Terms & Conditions.

 Already on our list? Update your profile 



You’re In!
               Thanks for signing up! 
Complete Your Profile





Update Your Profile
				 Hello ! This is the info we have for you. Feel free to change it any time you like.
			






Name:




Email:




Spanish:






Birthday:
 



Password:
••••••••



Address:

edit






Update your profile 











JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
			 For news, promotions, and more delivered right to your inbox.
	  






 








Submit





*By clicking "Submit" you agree to receive emails, promotions, and general messages from McDonald's. In addition, you also agree to the McDonald’s Privacy Statement and Terms & Conditions.
 Already on our list?
		Update your profile





You’re In!
			 Thanks for signing up! 
Complete Your Profile





Update Your Profile
         Hello ! This is the info we have for you. Feel free to change it any time you like.
      






Name:




Email:




Spanish:






Birthday:
 



Password:
••••••••



Address:

edit






Update your profile 





























LivaNova's (LIVN) CEO Damien McDonald on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»LivaNova's (LIVN) CEO Damien McDonald on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 3.17 | About: LivaNova PLC (LIVN) LivaNova PLC (NASDAQ:LIVN)
Q1 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call
May 03, 2017, 09:00 AM ET
Executives
Karen King - VP, IR
Damien McDonald - CEO
Vivid Sehgal - CFO
Analysts
Scott Bardo - Berenberg
Cecilia Furlong - Canaccord
Michele Baldelli - Exane BNP Paribas
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the LivaNova PLC First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Ms. Karen King, LivaNova's Vice President and Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Ma'am you may begin.
Karen King
Thank you and welcome to our conference call and webcast discussing LivaNova's financial results for the first quarter of 2017. Joining me on today’s call are Damien McDonald, our Chief Executive Officer; and Vivid Sehgal, our Chief Financial Officer. As this will be Vivid's last earnings call, we want to thank him publicly for his contributions over the past 18 months and wish him the very best of luck in his future endeavors.
This morning's press release, slide presentation and conference call include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology including, but not limited to, may, believe, will, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, intend, and forecast or other similar words. Statements are based on information presently available to us and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable.
Investors are cautioned that all such statements involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements which are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond the Company's control. For detailed discussions of the factors that may cause our actual results to differ, please refer to our most recent filing with the SEC and other regulatory filings.
Included in the press release today are selected non-GAAP operating results. In this press release, the management has disclosed financial measurements that present financial information not necessarily in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Company management uses these measurements as aides in monitoring the Company's ongoing financial performance from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year on a regular basis and for benchmarking against other medical technology companies.
Non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered along with, but not as alternatives to the operating performance measures as prescribed per GAAP.
To enhance the call; we have posted a presentation to our website that summarizes the points of today's call. This presentation is complementary to the other call materials and should be used as an enhanced communications to all. You can find the presentation in the Investor Relations section of our website under the News & Events Presentations at www.livanova.com.
With that, I will now turn the call over to Damian.
Damien McDonald
Good morning and good afternoon. Welcome to our first quarter conference call.
We had a promising start to 2017. I'd like to walk you through some of the events that recently happened at LivaNova and then discuss our sales results by business franchise. After my comments, Vivid will give you some more color on the financials and then I'll wrap up with closing comments before moving to Q&A.

Over the past couple of months we announced several key decisions in support of our efforts to advance strategic objectives. First, Caisson. We announced last month that we acquired Caisson Interventional, one of the equity investments. We've been a strategic investor in Caisson since 2012. They have a dedicated and innovative team of professionals and are working on one of the most revolutionary technology in the Transcatheter Mitral Valve Replacement or TMVR field.
Our device is unique as it is the only product designed solely for the transseptal approach and delivered through a single venous access. The device is also designed to be fully retrievable once the function of implant is fully assessed but prior to final release.
While that system is still in early feasibility stage, we believe that this deal makes clear strategic sense. Our cardiac surgery business currently sold at portfolio for surgical valve replacement and repair and this acquisition will position us as a leader in the field. We are now positioned to accelerate clinical and regulatory efforts in TMVR and ultimately deliver important innovative therapies to our patients.
Caisson initiated human implants in June 2016 through a 20 patient FDA early feasibility study in the U.S. [indiscernible]. At the third annual Zurich Mitral Valve Meeting in early February, results were presented for six patients enrolled in the study with five of them successfully implanted. In the six patient, the valve was successfully retrieved which is an important clinical feature.
Patient enrollment in the CE Mark trial which will be called INTERLUDE will begin this year. INTERLUDE has already been approved in Canada and we will begin patient enrollment midyear. That will be followed by patient enrollment in Europe and the U.S. later in 2017. We are currently targeting CE Mark in late 2018 or 2019 with U.S. FDA approval coming several years later.
Today there an estimated 2 million people in the U.S. suffering from severe mitral regurgitation but only about 55,000 patients are receiving mitral valve surgery annually. That's approximately 3% of the total patient pool.
External estimates show the market potential as a multibillion dollar global opportunity. We believe this market will develop comparably to the transcatheter aortic valve replacement or TAVR market with a vast majority of procedures taking place through a transseptal route which is our approach. This acquisition places LivaNova in a strong position to set the benchmark for TMVR systems and to be a leading player in the market.
Regarding some of the specifics of the transaction, the purchase price for the remaining 51% of the company is $72 million, net of $6 million of debt forgiveness. The first payment of approximately $18 million was made at closing.
The remainder we paid out over the next several years on a schedule largely driven by regulatory approval and sales earn-outs. We expect this acquisition to be dilutive to earnings for several years as we go through clinical trials, continue R&D spend, and invest in our production facilities and commercial activities. However, for all the reasons we have discussed, we believe that in the long term this opportunity will create value for our shareholders and be positively accretive to our earnings.
Second, management changes. We announced several weeks ago that our Current CFO, Vivid Sehgal is leaving the company at the end of May to pursue other opportunities. Vivid has been an integral part of our Executive Leadership team and I want to thank him for his significant contributions in helping position the company for sustainable growth. We expect to announce the successor in the near future and Vivid has agreed to support an orderly transition.

In addition, Jacques Gutedel, President of Europe has been succeeded by [indiscernible]. Most recently [indiscernible] was an executive of Danaher and prior to that was CEO of Hitachi Medical Systems in Europe. He has an extensive track record in healthcare throughout Europe, Asia, Latin America and the Middle East. I'd like to thank Jacq for his leadership and his contributions to the company over the last eight years
Third, simplification. We've said numerous times that we are working on simplifying our business model. One of the areas we are focused on simplifying is our manufacturing footprint and we have taken several steps toward advancing this goal.
During the first quarter, we completed the closure of our Costa Rica manufacturing operation where we had duplicative manufacturing of our VNS devices. We also made a decision to cease production of the oxygenator facility we were building in Suzhou, China. Market dynamics and expectations in the region have evolved and as a result we no longer believe that this facility is the best strategic auction or use of cash for LivaNova. This decision does not in any way dilute our commitment to delivering strong emerging markets growth.
And finally, 3T heater-cooler devices. On our fourth quarter and year-end 2016 earnings call, we disclosed that we developed a 3T device remediation plan which included a loaner program, a deep disinfection service, and a design modification to address the issue of potential aerosolization. We said that in the design modification was subject to final verification and validation and we would begin implementing the modification in the second quarter.
We are pleased to announce that we have completed final verification and validation for these design modifications which allowed us to obtain CE Mark in April. We will begin implementing the ceiling and vacuum solution in the next few weeks.
These changes will be performed at no cost to our customers. Implementation will start in Western Europe followed by multiple other countries as we receive regulatory approvals. In the U.S., we continue to make progress towards approval as we work collaboratively with the FDA. As a leader in the industry we are pleased to offer many of our customers and patients a solution that enables lifesaving cardiac surgery.
Turning now to our net sales results for the quarter. In our press release we provided table that shows both reported net sales and constant currency growth so you can see the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. For discussion purposes, we are going to focus our comments on net sales results with constant currency growth.
Net sales was slightly up compared to the first quarter of 2016. Strong price and volume gains in Neuromodulation were offset by lower sales in cardiac surgery and CRM. If we look at each business franchise, cardiac surgery sales were $139 million, a decrease of 2.1% from the first quarter of 2016.
Sales for cardiopulmonary were $107 million in the quarter, a decrease of 2.5%. As we discussed in the past, cardiopulmonary includes disposable sales which make up approximately 75% of the total and capital which makes up the remaining 25%.
The higher sales product in disposable is oxygenators and due to the solid demand for Inspire, we continue to see very consistent growth in the 3% to 5% range. In capital, the higher sales product is heart lung machines or HLM.
To the end of 2016, we saw relatively steady sales for HLM in the U.S. but it's started to see softness in Europe in the second half of the year. If you recall, we discussed that this was due to customers delaying new purchases and holding onto their machines longer in anticipation of the next round of innovation.
This quarter we have started to see a comparable dynamic in the U.S. and hearing similar comments from our U.S. customers. I want to reiterate, we do not believe we are losing share to competitors in either region. We have 70% global market share with HLM and while our competitors have been more vocal in their discussions with customers, we are working on innovation which we will be discussing further at our Investor Day in the third quarter.

Sales for heart valves were $32 million in the quarter, a decrease of less than 1%. Our tissue valve business increased 5% as a result of solid performance in Perceval as suture less valve particularly in the U.S. And this was offset by declines in mechanical heart valves which is starting to move more in line with market declines.
The CRM sales were $58 million during the quarter, a decrease of 2.9% compared to the first quarter of 2016. In low voltage, pacemakers were up for the quarter driven by strong demand for KORA 250 in Japan. In high voltage, we saw softness in ICDs compared to a strong quarter last year with the launch rollout of PLATINIUM devices. This was offset by strong growth in our PLATINIUM CRT-D products due to the recent incorporation of the IS4 standards.
Now let’s turn to Neuromodulation. Sales were $87 million up 7.7% versus the first quarter of 2016 with growth in all regions. AspireSR continue to perform well from both a volume and price perspective. The patient growth was strong once again with growth continuing in the mid to high single digits. This is reflective of demand for the product driven by a focused investments.
Regarding innovation, we recently submitted our application to the FDA for SenTiva. SenTiva will be our newest VNS therapy device and will incorporate the same technology as AspireSR but will be smaller in size and we anticipate approval of the device in the latter part of the year.
I’ll now turn the call over to Vivid for an overview of our financial results. Vivid?
Vivid Sehgal
Thank you, Damien.
Adjusted gross margin as a percentage of net sales in the quarter was 65% up 40 basis points from the first quarter of 2016 resulting from favorable mix and continued focus on cost efficiencies. For full-year we still expect gross margin to be in the mid-60% range. Adjusted R&D expense in the first quarter was $29 million. R&D as a percentage of net sales was 10.3%, an improvement of 60 basis points from the first quarter of 2016.
For the full-year we now estimate R&D as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 11% to 12% as a result our of incremental spend related to investments in TMVR. Adjusted SG&A expense for the first quarter was $107 million. SG&A as a percentage of net sales was 37.5%, an improvement of 90 basis points from the first quarter of 2016. For the full-year we now estimate adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 36% to 37% as a result of incremental operating expenses related to the Caisson acquisition.
Adjusted operating income was $49 million in the first quarter. Operating margin was 17%, an improvement compared to 15% in the first quarter of last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 23%, an improvement from the 28% in the first quarter of 2016, as a result of our ongoing tax efforts. Finally adjusted diluted EPS for the first quarter of 2017 was $0.71, 32% higher than the first quarter of 2016.
Turning now to cash flow. Our cash flow from operations for the three months ended March 31 was $36 million. Cash flow from operations excluding payments for one-time integration restructuring was $50 million. Capital spending for the first three months was $8 million in line with the same period of 2016.
Our cash balance at March 31 was $63 million up from $40 million as at December 31, 2016. Our net debt at March 31 was $52 million down from $75 million as of the end of 2016 in part due to our continued focus on working capital.
With the acquisition of Caisson, we have updated our full-year guidance. Starting with the income statement, with the exception of adjusted R&D, SG&A and earnings per share for other full-year guidance ranges we provided at March 31 remain the same. Key guidance ranges are included in our first quarter performance presentation available in the Investor Relations section of our website.

While changes to adjusted R&D and SG&A have been discussed, we are now estimating adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.10 to $3.30 with our share account to be approximately 49 million.
In terms of EPS calendarization, we now anticipate earnings in the second half of the year to be approximately 10% greater than in the first half of the year primarily due to momentum in emerging markets and continued growth in Neuromodulation over the course of the year.
Moving to cash flow, our adjusted cash flow from operations for 2017 excluding integration, restructuring and 3T remediation payments is now expected to be in the range of $170 million to $190 million. The integration restructuring and 3T remediation payments are expected to remain in the range of $55 million to $60 million.
With that, I'll turn the call back to Damien for some final comments.
Damien McDonald
Thanks Vivid.
Karen said something at the start and just let me reiterate that. I want to thank you for everything you've done for the company and especially how much I've enjoyed working with you this last few months and all I can say is wish you and your family all very best.
Vivid Sehgal
Appreciate it. Thank you.
Damien McDonald
So in summary, we started out 2017 delivering solid sales, leveraging our income statement and driving strong cash generation. Many or our growth drivers AspireSR, Perceval, Inspire and KORA 250 continued to perform well. We are on track with our submission for SenTiva to the FDA and are looking forward to approvals towards the end of the year.
We also made significant progress with the acquisition of Caisson and we want to extend a warm welcome to the Caisson team. We are excited to bring their talent, innovation and passion to LivaNova.
This team is our planned entry into TMVR space which has the potential to be an important growth platform for us in the future. This is a large market with an unmet need. We believe that we have a unique technology that can offer patients the most advanced minimally invasive mitral valve replacement option.
We've also made great strides for the 3T device remediation plan and are pleased to be able to offer our many customers a solution in the near future. We are on track and working diligently to achieve our annual commitments. The organization is focused on strengthening our position as an innovative medical device company and in delivering long-term shareholder value. We look forward to updating you on our continued progress next quarter.
And with that Charlotte, we are ready for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Scott Bardo from Berenberg. Your line is now open.
Scott Bardo
Thank you very much. So a few questions please. The first set of questions on business fundamentals for Caisson. So I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more disclosure on your current valve performance. You're highlighting strong dynamics with Perceval but I think that's been a whole series of quarters where that failed to showing through.
Can you talk a little bit about the base business and for non-personal structural valves and what you're doing there to stabilize that situation and when would be a realistic point to start to see some of the possible related growth more visible through the P&L. That's question one please.
Damien McDonald
Great question, thanks for joining us. Let's talk about tissue valves. I think we're continuing to make headway here. I’ll focus on the two positives for a second. First of all, we continue to have strong double digit growth and particularly in the U.S. And the decline in mechanical heart valves which was high double digits for a long time is starting to get down into the mid to high single-digit range.

So we’re getting back mechanical heart valves towards what we call the market decline rate which is something we talked about in the past. The continuing disappointment for us is the traditional tissue valves. Again, we're working on that. I consider this one of the big challenges for the organization. The whole portfolio was underinvested in and under focused on for a long time. And I think we’re continuing to see some of the fallout from mitral flow.
This is a focus area for us as a management team. And while we continue to focus on Perceval which we believe as a suture less valve is differentiated in the market, getting the tissue valve stabilized probably in the second half is an important focus for us.
Scott Bardo
Thank you. And just following up. I think you now highlighted a couple of manufacturing facility consolidations. One in Costa Rica, and one in China. Can you talk a little bit more about that because my understanding was that manufacturing consolidation does not par initially of the IT pretax energy plan.
So is this sort of incremental to your plan? And strategically speaking, little bit confused as to why not having domestic regional manufacturing for those growth territories. There’s not still a core priority for the company.
Vivid Sehgal
Scott, it's Vivid here. So I think the key thing to think about is first of all, these plans have been in the pipeline for some time. We've been reviewing over time our entire manufacturing footprint. And you’re right. When we looked at it, these were important decisions that we have taken.
In terms of our commitment, I think particularly on the China one, I think what's really good I think as a leadership team, as Damien has come in, is that we have accessed everything from the bottom up activity and I think the situation in China that you’ve seen, whether that’s through some of the mechanical heart valve, economic conditions, where we had to destock for a period of time, conditions have changed over time dramatically in China.
We just think right now, as a management team for the best use of our cash and the best use of our resources is to actually focus on driving business like Perceval, investing in Caisson. So I don’t think this is a major activity for us and we believe we will be very successful in China. And I think if you look at some of the competitors out there, we believe that China has moved on from the original assumptions that we had and we actually believe imported product has a very important place in the market today. So I think this is about market research and about market conditions.
Damien McDonald
We’ll continue to look at the footprint. As you've heard me talk about improving gross margin, and where we are in the mid-60s, I think this is an important driver here for us in terms of being able to fund investments. And looking at this footprint is a key part of that. And we’ll continue to - I think make good decisions to improve gross margin and consolidation is a big part of that.
Vivid Sehgal
And I do think if you look at our position, we ended 2015 sort of closing the 63% gross margin range where finishing the quarter now close just under 65%. We made some pretty good trajectory in terms of gross margin.
And I think just in terms of all we're doing, we are looking at opportunities right now in terms of focusing the business to drive better gross margin and better operating margins across the entire business. And I think this is just part of the journey there.
Scott Bardo
And we should think of this as providing some additional comfort in the 80 million synergies, or potentially incremental to the initial plan?
Vivid Sehgal
I think you should look at it as an opportunity to reinvest back in the business, Scott. I think right now, our best opportunity is to put more money behind modulation and more money behind Perceval. So yes, I think it’s freeing up our opportunity to reinvest right now.

Scott Bardo
Okay. Thank you. And then perhaps if we can come onto that, congratulations on the bold move with cash on. I just wanted if you could share thoughts as to why now? Why would LivaNova make the step now, what was the triggering factor? I know you've highlighted some promising early observations. Have you seen any additional data which really clings to do for you? Or is that other factors?
Damien McDonald
Great question. Look, I’ve been in markets where unique opportunities come along and I really believe this is one of them. We spoke last quarter about our capital allocations strategy, organic first and equity investments. We've been partnering with CJ and Todd and the team since 2012 and we wanted this to be about getting a great product to market fast. And we didn't want this to be about working to find the next funding milestone.
And we really believed that putting our resources with the team, especially clinical and regulatory and market access is a great decision to help accelerate this. It's a strong team, they have a unique technology, that’s differentiated. We think that it’s de-risk to some extent because it’s already in clinical and has a clinical pathway especially around CE Mark.
So based on our assessment, we have a pretty high hurdle rate for IRR and we’ve looked at a number of deals recently where we’ve walked away because they haven't met our handle. Looking at Caisson, we believe this is really compelling, and we believe it was the best use of capital and management energy.
Scott Bardo
All right, great. And perhaps last question before I jump in the queue. So you've highlighted some additional investment through the P&L which is understandable. But you've mentioned the dilutive nature if you like for some years to come. Can you share some thoughts on that? Do you see this as being if you like diminishing in earnings dilution over time? Or is there any bump off if you like in cost that required to secure successful commercialization. I just want to understand how to think about this in the longer term or over the next few years.
And following on from that please, obviously you’re taking a bit of earnings dilution. You have a very strong balance sheet. Why, we're not announcing today, a step up in share buyback to mitigate the needs and dilution? Thank you.
Vivid Sehgal
I think the way to look at this is obviously we’ve mentioned that this deal will be diluted in terms of EPS. This year, we take in the top and the bottom end of the guidance solely due to Caisson down by about $0.15. What we are going to talk about is 2018 right now where we actually believe that a minimum level, the same type of EPS dilution, you can expect the same thing again.
I think beyond that, this really is about the investment in the clinical trials and how they go. But I would say that we do believe this will be diluted but now I think 2018 is where we’re going to draw a line in terms of where we expect this to be. It will be at a minimum to similar levels to what it is today.
In terms of the share buyback position, that still remains a strong option for the company at this stage. We obviously, as Damien has said, we’ve been looking around, we’ve been seeing other opportunities that we have. We have, as he said, have a pretty active review of our strategic options from a capital allocation strategy and we've been looking not just this case but other things as well.
So I wouldn't discount anything right now. And I think as a company, the good news is that we still have a $100 million of our original share buyback program available to us and we have spent 50 million of that. So it's more of a point of actually just timing of what we’re going to do.
Scott Bardo
Thanks. I’ll hop back in the queue.
Operator

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills from Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Cecilia Furlong
Hi, good morning. This is actually Cecilia Furlong on for Jason. And I could just briefly turn back to Caisson. Can you provide a little more color around your current thoughts on your product development in clinical strategy specifically in the U.S.? And if how we should think about R&D impact over the next few years? And really your eventual go-to market strategy. And how do you view this product fitting into your overall portfolio? And would you kind of look to build a new salesforce around the platform eventually?
Damien McDonald
Great question, the whole business plan for Caisson. I really think a few things. Firstly, I think CJ and Todd and the team have done a tremendous job, the results I think speak for themselves. The early patience is showing tremendous recovery, they’re showing great result in terms of mitral regurgitation score. Clinically, important features like the retrievability have been validated and I think in terms of having a product in early feasibility, this is a really great differentiated product.
Again, we said the part of the reason that we took the decision now is because we wanted to help the team accelerate and focus on bringing this to market in a commercially accelerated way. We think that some of our capabilities in terms of clinical quality and regulatory can help that along as well as manufacturing capability. We already have two sites that make tissue valve and then produce also OEM for other companies so we have manufacturing capabilities.
So, in terms of R&D and manufacturing ramp we think we can really help to chase on to the market. In terms of the go-to-market, look we’re still early days but clearly having a strong health economics value proposition is going to be important and we’re going to make sure we cover that as we go through the trial interlude trial and the subsequent FDA trial. But we have again I think good insight into that with our team that we haven't placed at LivaNova.
We already have a strong relationship with a number of sites and surgeons and also involving set of relationships with cardiologists where perhaps this will ultimately play out with as it did with Teva and I think that you could see us easing a hybrid of not only our existing commercial structure in the geographies but also building that out with specific and specialized interventional cardiology reps to deal with this product which is not going to be a simple sale but we think we’ll move along the lines of Teva. So in terms of go-to-market we’ll use our footprint but augment that with specialists. Vivid?
Vivid Sehgal
Yes, and I just want to answer the question around the R&D that you mentioned one of the things really important to understand is that we don't see that the case on deal in diluting our commitment to any other part of our R&D portfolio. I think we obviously have some great opportunities both Damien mentioned in innovation he will talk about at the Investor Day, but also if you look at what we have been doing a new modulation is investing a lot and we’ve taken opportunities to restructure on the line with some of the work that we did on CRM.
So really I think and if you think about the dilution that we’re talking about the $0.15 yeah the vast majority of the spend that we have this year and going into the next few years will be in the R&D in clinical phase.
So the vast majority of the spend so then you’re going to see 2016 was a year where we sort of established a portfolio choice on R&D I think you’re seeing in 2017 exactly what we said before which is back the focus on R&D. But we’re not going to dilutes our efforts on any of our focus brands right now.

Cecilia Furlong
Okay. Thank you so much for all the color. And then just kind of sticking transcatheter mitral field in general kind of the true box approach gets thrown around a lot and I believe you previously mentioned equity investments in multiple repair platforms as well and as just following yesterday’s acquisition how you’re looking at building out mitral portfolio?
Damien McDonald
Look I think that's a really great question and I think those that I’ve talk to in the recent past you heard talk about surrounding a core point or surrounding a disease state I think that that's really important aspect of how we’re going to be successful. We already sell products in the mitral repair and mitral replacement space for surgical repair and replacement. I mentioned earlier with Scott’s question about we underinvested in those traditional valve repair and replacement areas.
I think we've got an opportunity to refocus some of our effort there and as Vivid said we have them plenty of firepower to do to M&A. So we think that this is an evolving part of our portfolio certainly Caisson puts us in a really strong position we believe in TMVR but we’re going to look to see how the holders restack can be surrounded.
Cecilia Furlong
Great, thank you for taking my questions.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michele Baldelli from Exane BNP Paribas. Your line is now open.
Michele Baldelli
Hi, thank you for taking my question. I have two questions on the Caisson just understand that we cannot have some data or updates is the Europe PCR event meaningful or what is the next event where we can expect some data about it. The second question still on Caisson is about the reason of the choice about Caisson instead of the HighLife for other investments was any kind of financial consideration put into place like you needed anyway you expected to do shake of the increase to sustain the R&D budget of this company and therefore the agreement was to take out all the company or was it purely only based on clinical data that you can observe it?
Damien McDonald
Good morning, good afternoon Michele. So a couple things data the case on the most recent data was in Zürich a few weeks ago and that’s the latest update we're going to work with the Caisson team to be present at the major meetings as A, data becomes available or be there is slots on the agenda PCR might be a possibility it depends a lot on how the organizers arrange the agenda. So but our attention is to be present at the major events in terms of Caisson versus HighLife look honestly we really made this decision based on our portfolio decision and looking at what I referred to earlier as IRR for the various options we have.
We’ve looked at this as a whole portfolio approach we really liked not only the financial evaluation of Caisson but also the position that they are in terms of their development. We continue to really like HighLife the guys there have done really good job they have interesting technology and we’re still a financial investor in that company and their options there that are going to be explored as well.
Vivid Sehgal
I think Michele we are again balancing I think what you're seeing from the business right now you see what we've done in terms of the manufacturing some of the work there taking our case somewhere I think we’re going to balance out our own workload and priorities to make sure that we can handle things in an effective way. So this is certainly not the end of what we’re going to plan to do but I think we have to do it in a organized and structured way and that’s part of the strategy I think you’re going to see going forward.
Michele Baldelli
Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Bardo from Berenberg. Your line is now open.

Scott Bardo
Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up questions first couple on Caisson please. I know we still are in a relatively early development stage but can you share some thoughts about the commercial infrastructure required to make this a success. And do you think you need heavy sales force investment here or do you genuinely believe there is a lots of synergies with your existing infrastructure. And just extending upon that does LivaNova need to be in cavy to be a winner in mitral?
Damien McDonald
Great question. Scott, so commercial investment I think there is two layers to this, one is we believe we can leverage our sales force structure that we've recently set up with the regional heads as well as the country managers and country sales leaders. So in terms of requiring an entirely new infrastructure we don’t think that’s the case. What we will need to do is build out a specialist sales force for this procedure type and the cold point.
Again we believe that’s eminently doable we already have relationships and talent in the cardiac space that we believe will be transferable and again we also believe that the technology is going to be compelling enough to attract some really great talent there are always people in the cardiac and interventional space that I think are looking for the next game changing technology. And we believe that we’re going to have that and it will provide an opportunity to attract some tremendous talent.
In terms of cavy I think that’s a great question we don’t believe it's the case there is a case to be made that you need the both we believe that clinicians will want to work with the most compelling clinical proposition and we believe that TMVR will be able to standalone. And we think that the Caisson product is going to be compelling enough for people want to work with us. And so we don't see it as a roadblock to us being successful.
Scott Bardo
Thanks Damien. And just a housekeeping question on Caisson so I mean you've highlighted some additional like are R&D and G&A cost. And Vivid you still booking quite a lot of minority and losses if you like from the equity method I think you commented now on making some certain portfolio decisions from the current if you like 12 million, 13 million that you’re booking where does that go now with this acquisition.
And on leverage I think in November 15, you highlighted SG&A ratio slightly to come down into the low 30s I appreciate you've just stepped up some investments to 36, 37. But do you still see good opportunities for leverage over the SG&A ratio substantially so on the one that you just guided? Thank you.
Vivid Sehgal
I think Scott yes, the first question on the minority interest you will see definitely a reduction on the minority interest. So basically what we are doing is switching out from minority interest more into the R&D line as you can imagine there is a 49% previous shareholder within Caisson, we were booking 49% of their cost into our minority line.
So I think if you look at the minority interest line you can probably look at it as perhaps hardening in terms of nature compared to where it has been historically. But that’s included within the numbers and the guidance that we've given. And I think just on the minority interest as Damien said look the cost of that one will depend on where our other ones are in terms of their clinicals and where their investments are but yes if you look at the sort of having, it’s about where it will stand.
In terms of the leverage we do have great opportunities I think as you saw a 90 basis point improvement in G&A versus last year and some further investments that we've done. Damien puts some effort into the depression within Europe and we’ve done some further investments in neuromodulation. So we've been investing at the same time that we have actually been bringing our ratios down.

So again I think we’re going to wait until the Investor Day to give you more color on the long-term SG&A and R&D ratios but I think the one thing is absolutely clear is that further leverage is possible the answer is yes. I think we are we got a great track our synergies are on track and we’re committed to monitoring them and getting there.
Damien McDonald
Well we are just being more disciplined.
Vivid Sehgal
Absolutely and we’re looking for opportunities as you seen whether it’s the CRM project that we had last year with the manufacturing footprint that we had this year. We will look for opportunities to improve our operating leverage?
Scott Bardo
Okay, great. And perhaps just one last potentially provocative question for Damien. So Damien there has been quite lot of management turnover leaving over and over the last 12 to 18 months and there is if you like a perception in the equity market that the worlds are falling off the bus so everyone's running for the door.
And it would be helpful if you could just provide some update if you like and as to all there sufficient channel levels within the organization particularly on the sign side of the business which is the larger to execute if not how do you got about that. And can you perhaps talk a little bit about the perception if you like that things are right leaving or given all the management move? Thank you.
Damien McDonald
Yes, good question and I would say candidly I think the perspective is wrong I’m a new CEO and I think part of what people should expect me to do is evaluate the talent and ensure that we have the best talent and the focus talent to drive the organization. And I have been very lucky in the first few months here to come across some really talented individuals and I hope and expect that a lot of them are going to stay.
Nevertheless I am asking people to work with a different model with more discipline and candidly not everyone – likes that and I'd rather they’ll make the choice sooner rather than later. And I think I have also been able to attract some really tremendous talent and [indiscernible] who we declared in the opening commentary is an extremely talented commercial leader in Europe and Latin America and Middle East, Africa.
There are a number of others that have recently joined we talked a little bit about the search for the new CFO that we hope to be able to speak about soon. So I think at the same time as some people have opted out, we've also been able to attract some them tremendous talent and people that I have worked with in the past who I know are known commercial leaders or functional leaders with a track record.
So it's the premise I perhaps disagree with and I hope what people see overtime as we have a really strong team.
Scott Bardo
Okay. Thanks so much indeed and good luck Vivid.
Operator
Thank you. I am not showing any further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Medical Appliances & Equipment, Transcripts, United KingdomError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All LIVN TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech Stocks3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 26, 2017BMY, CUR, MRK• Today, 12:46 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•2 Comments2 Cheers For Biogen, Which May Be Good Enough To Allow AlphaBIIB• Today, 12:34 PM • DoctoRxBuy The Dip In Reata PharmaceuticalsRETA• Today, 12:28 PM • Jonathan FaisonPick up 9.5% YTM with Community Health Systems, February 2022 BondsCYH• Today, 12:25 PM • Randy DurigBuying Abbott Near Its PeakABT• Today, 12:05 PM • Black Coral Research•6 Comments2 Small-Cap Biotechs To Put On Your RadarRDHL, BDSI• Today, 11:39 AM • Bret Jensen•5 CommentsPRA Health Sciences Set For A Quarterly Earnings Surprise - AgainPRAH• Today, 11:11 AM • Mike SiinoA Look At Amarin At $4AMRN• Today, 10:44 AM • Elephant Analytics•6 CommentsIntra-Cellular Therapies: Buy, Sell Or Hold?ITCI• Today, 10:33 AM • Bret Jensen•11 CommentsThermo Fisher Scientific Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMO• Today, 9:19 AM • SA TranscriptsIntegra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIART• Today, 9:15 AM • SA TranscriptsExpress Scripts, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesESRX• Today, 9:14 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentBaxter International Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBAX• Today, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsOphthotech Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOPHT• Today, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsSienna Biopharmaceuticals Expected To IPO On ThursdaySNNA• Today, 12:06 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsGalmed Pharmaceuticals: Buy On WeaknessGLMD• Yesterday, 11:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•9 CommentsMannKind: Assessing The Insurance Landscape For AfrezzaMNKD• Yesterday, 9:22 PM • Spencer Osborne•37 CommentsADMA Biologics Follows Up On RI-002ADMA• Yesterday, 9:17 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsHerbalife: Shareholders Should Take Profits NowHLF• Yesterday, 9:06 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•22 CommentsEXACT Sciences Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEXAS• Yesterday, 8:30 PM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMGN• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA TranscriptsDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Yesterday, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Yesterday, 5:28 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Yesterday, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•13 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 25, 2017CELG, NVCR, PFE• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•4 CommentsNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Yesterday, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Yesterday, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•11 CommentsSamsung Leaps Into Its First U.S. Biosimilars BattleJNJ, MRK, PFE• Yesterday, 3:43 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentGilead: Q2 Earnings PreviewGILD• Yesterday, 3:40 PM • Jonathan Weber•30 CommentsAiming For A New Angle On Liquid BiopsyANPCY• Yesterday, 3:38 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentMerck's Keynote Falls Flat, And That's Just FineMRK• Yesterday, 3:34 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsGenocea Biosciences's (GNCA) Conference Call On Positive GEN-003 Phase 2b Results - SlideshowGNCA• Yesterday, 3:32 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Yesterday, 3:03 PM • Strong BioVerastem Shows Long-Term Potential With Strong DYNAMO DataVSTM• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Sector Meanders In Front Of EarningsAIMT, CBAY, CUR• Yesterday, 2:22 PM • Bret Jensen•12 CommentsAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Yesterday, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•24 CommentsGilead Puts Up The Good Fight Once AgainGILD• Yesterday, 10:10 AM • Long Term Bio•12 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Yesterday, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•9 CommentsEli Lilly and Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLLY• Yesterday, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsBiogen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBIIB• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsAbbVie's Long Shot At Proving Rova-T Doubters WrongABBV• Yesterday, 7:29 AM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsLilly Hopes To Bloom Through Nektar AttractionLLY, NKTR• Yesterday, 7:22 AM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Yesterday, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•3 Comments3 New Developments Give Hope For Type I Diabetes SufferersCLBS• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:59 PM • Christiana Friedman•3 CommentsQ2 Earnings Should Be The Catalyst For Valeant's Next Leg HigherVRX• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:36 PM • Michael Lynch•109 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•76 CommentsVertex Looks Attractive With New Positive Data, Acquisition BuzzVRTX• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:35 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•3 CommentsRecent Buy: Gilead SciencesGILD• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:45 PM • Fiscal Voyage•32 CommentsReata Pharmaceuticals (RETA) Cardinal Phase 2 Results And Update - SlideshowRETA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:14 PM • SA TranscriptsTime To Buy TevaTEVA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:06 PM • All American Investor•42 CommentsHerbalife: When An EPS Raise Isn't Really A RaiseHLF• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:05 PM • Gary Milne•21 CommentsMerck: A Slow Growth Income Play With Moderate Growth PotentialMRK• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:11 PM • William Stamm•11 CommentsAbiomed: This Debt-Free Medical Device Stock Is A Strong Buy In 2017ABMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:05 PM • Gaurao Bhade•1 CommentZynerba Pharmaceuticals Could Run Up Due To Upcoming Key Catalysts: Our Idea Of The MonthZYNE• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:03 PM • Bhavneesh Sharma, MBA•14 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Dynavax Technologies' Moment Of Truth ArrivesCNCE, CYTX, DVAX• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:52 AM • Bret Jensen•26 CommentsParatek Puts Skin In The Infection GamePRTK• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:24 AM • Strong Bio•33 CommentsAnthem: Tread Carefully Into EarningsANTM• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:20 AM • Benjamin HandlerSnippet Roundup: A Lingering Lingo And 2 More U.S. Green LightsGILD, JNJ, PRTK• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:41 AM • EP VantageData Put A Dent In Ironwood's Expansion PlansIRWD• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:26 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentUpdates To Syros Pharmaceuticals ThesisSYRS• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:02 PM • Jonathan Faison•6 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 23, 2017BMY, KITE, MRK• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•8 CommentsAmgen And Novartis: First Mover Advantage Is A MustAMGN, NVS• Sun, Jul. 23, 2:21 AM • Long Term Bio•2 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 22, 2017CSLLY, INCY, MRK• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•9 CommentsUpdates To Insulet Thesis: Innovation And Growth ContinuePODD• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:26 AM • Jonathan Faison•13 CommentsIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 5:26 PM • Long Term Bio•3 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Scripts Stable At A Bit Above 300 - Will Ads Help?MNKD• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:15 PM • Spencer Osborne•73 CommentsIgnyta Lights The FireRXDX• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:28 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsWhy Ironwood's IW-3718 Is 'Refluxing' Into A Sea Of RedIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:32 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•18 CommentsNovartis's Q2 Results: Encouraging Signals Fully Reflected In ValuationNVS• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:17 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments2 Small Oncology Stocks That Could Rally Through Year-EndRXDX, TGTX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:23 PM • Bret Jensen•20 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 14: Updates And A Ninth PositionCBAY• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsTrevena (TRVN) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTRVN• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:09 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is A Defensive Stock And Should Be In All Portfolios, Income Or GrowthJNJ• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:17 PM • William Stamm•17 CommentsTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdams•3 Comments123456...468Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Chubb's (CB) CEO Evan Greenberg on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CB•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BankUnited's (BKU) CEO Raj Singh on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BKU•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TMO•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anthem (ANTM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ANTM•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Corning (GLW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GLW•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rockwell Automation (ROK) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ROK•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




The Brink's (BCO) CEO Doug Pertz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCO•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:40 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hersha Hospitality Trust's (HT) CEO Jay Shah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HT•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Flushing Financial's (FFIC) CEO John Buran on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FFIC•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Strayer's (STRA) CEO Karl McDonnell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


STRA•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Daimler's (DDAIF) CEO Dieter Zetsche on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DDAIF•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Nasdaq (NDAQ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NDAQ•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




iRobot's (IRBT) CEO Colin Angle on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IRBT•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Triumph Group (TGI) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TGI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MKS Instruments' (MKSI) CEO Jerry Colella on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MKSI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ITV's (ITVPF) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ITVPF•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:44 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chemed's (CHE) CEO Kevin McNamara on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHE•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:43 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lear (LEA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LEA•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:55 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Atos' (AEXAF) CEO Thierry Breton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AEXAF•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:42 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




GKN's (GKNCF) CEO Nigel Stein on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GKNCF•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:25 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Telefónica Deutschland Holding's (TELDF) CEO Markus Haas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TELDF•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:53 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




STMicroelectronics NV (STM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


STM•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:09 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Marine Products' (MPX) CEO Rick Hubbell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MPX•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:55 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 



DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
