





List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









List of McDonald's products - Wikipedia





















 






List of McDonald's products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone, or spelling. You can assist by editing it. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Contents


1 Beef burgers
2 Chicken
3 Fish
4 Pork
5 Other products
6 Breakfast
7 Beverages
8 Desserts
9 Former items
10 See also
11 References
12 External links



Beef burgers[edit]
All beef patties are seasoned, consisting primarily of salt and minced pepper.

Hamburger (formerly known as the Junior Burger in some countries) and cheeseburger – a 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patty, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard, a single dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, on a toasted bun. At one time early in McDonald's history, the pickle was removed from the sandwich.[1][page needed] In all or much of the New York City area, it is served without mustard.[2] Also sold as a double or triple, adding an extra pickle slice for each beef patty added. A triple burger and a bacon double cheeseburger are optional items and are not always available in all restaurants or markets. In Australia the average serving size for a Cheeseburger is 110 grams. The hamburger and the cheeseburger are the company's original grilled burger offerings, having been served as part of the 1948 menu.[3]
Big Mac – a signature product that was introduced in 1968. Two 1.6-ounce (45 g) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patties, special Big Mac sauce (similar to Thousand Island dressing), lettuce, cheese, pickles, and diced onions on a sesame seed bun, with an additional middle bun (called a "club layer") separating the beef patties. The Grand Mac, its bigger-size counterpart, was added in December 2016.
Quarter Pounder – a 4.25-ounce (120.5 g) (originally 4-ounce (113.4 g) until 2015) (approx. uncooked weight) ground beef patty with ketchup, mustard, chopped onions, pickle, and two slices of cheese. As with burgers made with the smaller 1.6-ounce patties, the Quarter Pounder is prepared without mustard in all or a large portion of the New York City region.[2] It was invented by Al Bernardin, a franchise owner and former McDonald's Vice President of product development, at his McDonald's in Fremont, California, in 1971.[4] In some markets unfamiliar with Imperial measurements (such as France), it is known as a Royal Cheese, or variants thereof, such as McRoyale.[5] It is also available as the Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese, which includes another patty of the same proportions. In 2013, McDonald's expanded the sandwich into a line with three additional variants to make them smaller versions of the Angus Burgers, which was renamed the Taste-Crafted Burgers in 2016 in West Coast markets and later expanded to other U.S. markets in January 2017, the latest added being the Signature Sriracha, which was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon by May.
Big N' Tasty/Big Tasty – the Big N' Tasty, introduced in 1997, was a 4-ounce (113 g) beef patty with ketchup, cheese, mayonnaise with a grill diced onions, pickles, leaf lettuce, and tomatoes. It was devised to resemble Burger King's Whopper sandwich.[6] It is also known as the Big Xtra in Slovenia and most of Canada; the McXtra in Quebec, Canada; the McFeast Deluxe in Australia; the Big Tasty (without the 'N') in Brazil, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy (without ketchup), Ireland, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom; the Quarter Pounder Deluxe in South Africa; and the McNifica (a play on Spanish magnifica, 'wonderful') in Mexico and Latin America. The Big Tasty configuration is somewhat different, consisting of a third-pound (150 g) beef patty, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Emmental cheese, and Big Tasty sauce (which has a smoke flavor). The Big Tasty Bacon variant also contains strips of bacon. This variant was sold in the US until 2009; it is now sold internationally only.
Double Cheeseburger – two 1.6-ounce (45 g) ground beef patties, with 0.125 ounces (3.5 g) ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), two slices of dill pickle, re-hydrated onions, and two pieces of cheese on a toasted bun. The double cheeseburger was offered as a promotional item in the 1950s, and was added to the regular menu in 1965. An official variant is offered in the U.S. state of New Mexico, called the Green Chile Double Cheeseburger, topped with roasted green New Mexico chile peppers.





The McDouble



McDouble – similar to a Double Cheeseburger, but with just one slice of cheese. Reintroduced as a permanent dollar-menu item in December 2008 – had been a short-term product in 1997, advertised with "Eddie the Echo." The original McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes rather than the pickles and onions on the 2008 version.
Bacon McDouble – a sandwich that is similar to the McDouble, but it has two pieces of Applewood smoked bacon added to it. This sandwich was added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu & More" in November 2013.[7]
Daily Double – similar to the McDouble, however the toppings are slightly different. The Daily Double is made with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, slivered onions, and mayonnaise. It also has only one slice of cheese, like the McDouble, rather than the two slices that are on the double cheeseburger. In 2011 and 2012, the item was test marketed in various regional locations.
McFeast – a hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayonnaise, in most markets from April 1977. The name McFeast lives on though in Scandinavian countries, where a McFeast has been served since the mid-1980s in Sweden and was later introduced to the rest of the Nordic countries; the McFeast in Sweden contains a quarter pounder patty, lettuce, modified mayonnaise with lemon juice, onion and tomato. In the rest of the countries, the McFeast also contains ketchup, but not in Sweden. The same burger was sold under the name Mega Feast in New Zealand for several years during the 1990s, but has since been discontinued. The McFeast Deluxe was sold in Australia until the late 1990s and contained: mustard, ketchup, large onions, McFeast Deluxe sauce, lettuce, a tomato slice, regular cheese and a quarter pounder patty served in a Quarter Pounder/McChicken Bun. It returned to the Australian menu in 2009 and in August 2011 using the same ingredients, however contained McChicken sauce in place of the original 'McFeast Deluxe' sauce. The McFeast has been sold in Germany and Austria since the 1990s, named "Hamburger Royal TS" (T for "Tomate" (tomato); S for "Salat", the German word for lettuce). It contains a quarter-pounder patty, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and the McChicken mayo sauce. For special occasions, it is sold in Germany as a "McFresh" which also contains cucumber slices.
Ranger Burger and Super Ranger[8]
1955 Burger – this burger inspired by 1955 (according to the official site) contains beef, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, ketchup and McDonald's smoky sauce (barbecue). Named after the year the fast-food chain was incorporated by Ray Kroc, the burger is popular in European markets, including Spain, Italy and Germany. It was released in 2011 and re-released in 2013 in the UK.[9][10][11]
BBQ Ranch Burger[7] – a very sweet hamburger containing one all-beef patty, cheddar cheese, BBQ Ranch sauce, and tortilla strips,[citation needed] added to the U.S. "Dollar Menu and More" in November 2013.[7]
McSpicy Burger – a very spicy chicken breast, lettuce, cheese and hot sauce-laced mayo, served as the McSpicy Shake Shake Meal, complete with fries.[citation needed]
Bacon Clubhouse – a burger consisting of one quarter-pound patty, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce served on an "artisan roll". This core item was added to the menu the week of March 12, 2014.[7]
Jalapeño Double – similar to the McDouble, except it contains two types of jalapeño peppers, pickled and crispy, plus a slice of white cheddar cheese between the two burger patties, and buttermilk ranch sauce, added to the Dollar Menu in April 2014.[citation needed]
Triple Cheeseburger – similar to the Double Cheeseburger, except it contains three burger patties, with a slice of American cheese between each patty, plus ketchup, mustard (except in all or much of the New York City area), onion, and dill pickle. This was added to the Dollar Menu in December 2014.[citation needed]
ChiTown Classic – a regional offering that was one of two finalist out of 100s of entries in the "Chicagoland Burger Build Off" competition to develop a breakfast-dinner mashup burger in 2015. The burger was placed on the menu on Chicago area locations starting Mid-November until December 27, 2015. The burger adds breakfast's Canadian bacon and applewood smoked bacon.[12]

Chicken[edit]

McChicken – a mildly spicy chicken sandwich, offered in a spicier variant as the Hot n' Spicy in some markets. Made from 100% ground white meat chicken, mayonnaise, and shredded lettuce, on a toasted bun. A full-size version was introduced in 1980, later removed, and reintroduced in 1988. In some markets it is not spicy, and in others a cajun spiced version is also offered. It remains one of the biggest sellers, just behind the Big Mac. The larger sandwich was replaced with the Crispy Chicken Deluxe in 1996, and brought back in 1998 in the current smaller size, and marketed as the Cajun (Style) McChicken. In Australia the average serving size for a McChicken is 185 grams. In Canada, it remains a full-size sandwich, while the US' smaller version is sold as the Junior Chicken.
Premium chicken sandwiches – the Premium line was added in July 2005. The Classic was a rebranding of the Crispy Chicken and Chicken McGrill sandwiches, themselves rebrandings of the Deluxe chicken line in 1998, with mayonnaise, leaf lettuce, and a tomato slice. The Ranch BLT contains ranch sauce instead of mayonnaise and includes bacon. The Club is similar to the Classic with added bacon and a piece of Swiss cheese. In Latin America, the Classic and the Club are sold, but a honey mustard chicken sandwich is sold in place of the BLT. All were served on a whole-grain roll, with either a grilled or crispy chicken breast. On March 20, 2014, the Premium Crispy Chicken Bacon Clubhouse and Premium Grilled Chicken Bacon Clubhouse were added to the lineup (alongside the beef variant of the sandwich) on a new artisan roll. In February 2015 the Ranch BLT and Club were removed from the menu. The standard crispy offering was renamed to the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich in August 2015) and it was upgraded to sit on the artisan roll introduced with the Bacon Clubhouse. In the first week of April 2015, McDonald's replaced the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich with the Artisan Grilled Chicken.[13] Like the Taste-Crafted Burgers, the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches were introduced in 2016, in West Coast markets, and in all other U.S. markets in January 2017. Signature Sriracha was the latest to be added in June 2016; it was replaced by Sweet Barbecue Bacon in May 2017.
Southern Style Chicken Sandwich – a southern-style fried chicken breast filet, on a steamed bun, dressed with butter and two pickles. Nearly identical to a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich. Discontinued at many franchises in early 2015.
Snack Wrap – a wrap made with white meat chicken breast (crispy or grilled), lettuce, shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese, and a sauce (Spicy Buffalo, Ranch, Honey mustard, Chipotle barbecue, or Salsa Roja, the breakfast sauce on the McSkillet), wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. It was launched on July 1, 2006. Chipotle BBQ is the most recent flavor. Available in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Brazil.[14][15][16] There is also a Mac Snack Wrap which features the fixings of the Big Mac, but without the bun and wrapped in a tortilla shell, and uses one half of a piece of quarter meat.[17]
Premium Chicken Wrap – in 2013, McDonald's in the U.S. introduced a larger wrap that it has had success with in parts of Europe. It comes in three variants: Sweet Chili Chicken, Chicken & Bacon, and Chicken & Ranch.
Chicken Fajita – chicken, cheese, red and green bell peppers, and diced onions in a flour tortilla. Comes with Picante sauce packets on request, which are available in mild and spicy. Available in only a few markets.
Chicken McNuggets – introduced in 1983 as a replacement for the McChicken, these are small chicken chunks served with dipping sauces of barbecue, sweet n' sour, honey, and hot mustard. Available in 4, 6, 10 (originally 9), or 20 pieces. Up until 2003, they were a combination of white and dark meat, now they are made with only white meat. In 2011, five new dipping sauces were introduced and added to the lineup: sweet chili, honey mustard, spicy buffalo, and creamy ranch. With the addition of these new dipping sauces, McDonald's began phasing out the Hot Mustard sauce, and by February 2014, it had been discontinued in most U.S. markets.
McArabia – there are two versions of the McArabia: grilled chicken, and grilled kofta (beef with spices). Both are served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and garlic mayonnaise in addition to two small patties of grilled chicken or kofta, all wrapped in an Arabian-style pita bread. McDonald's has performed a rather large advertising campaign for the McArabia since its introduction in 2003, largely focusing on the Arabian-themed nature of the sandwich, and it appears to have worked well. The McArabia has been very well received throughout Southwestern Eurasia. The same product is also introduced in Malaysia with "Chicken Foldover" as an alternative name.
(Premium) Crispy Chicken Deluxe – a sandwich made with a crispy chicken breast, tomato slices, and lettuce. It was first sold in 1996 and had its name changed to the Crispy Chicken Sandwich in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, and was then brought back in 2015 under the original name with the added prefix Premium. The only other change is that it is now sold on an artisan roll instead of the potato bun that characterized the original Crispy Chicken Deluxe. By August 2015 it was renamed the Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Sandwich. This is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches introduced in 2016.
Grilled Chicken Deluxe – this sandwich has the same ingredients as the Premium Crispy Chicken Deluxe, but has a marinated, grilled chicken breast at its center. It has been sold under various names since 1996, when it was introduced as the Grilled Chicken Deluxe, and had its name changed to the Chicken McGrill in 1998. It was replaced with a Premium chicken sandwich in July 2005, which was in turned replaced with the Artisan Grilled Chicken in 2015. It is also available in India, and has at times been available in Canada.
Artisan Grilled Chicken – in the first week of April 2015, McDonald's introduced a redesigned grilled chicken patty, replacing the Premium Grilled Chicken sandwich, which contains "less ingredients", and those that remain can be found in consumer's "own kitchens".[13] The sandwich sits atop the artisan roll first seen with the Bacon Clubhouse, and is the last of the full-size chicken sandwiches to switch to this bun. It is part of the Taste-Crafted Chicken sandwiches menu introduced in 2016.
Maharaja Mac- In India, McDonald's does not serve beef in its burgers. Instead, it has created a large Big Lac style chicken burger called the "Chicken Maharaja Mac", with a chicken patty and vegetable garnishings.[18]
Chicken McBites - "poppable" pieces of chicken that are made from chicken breasts.[19]
Tasty Basket - Available only in Italy, the Tasty Basket consists of 30 pieces of chicken, which includes the Chicken McNugget, Chicken McBites, and chicken wings.[20]

Fish[edit]

Filet-O-Fish – a fish fillet with tartar sauce and a half slice of cheese, on a steamed bun. It was introduced in Cincinnati in 1962 when it was discovered that many Roman Catholics chose to eat at Frisch's Big Boy on Fridays and during Lent, as it offered a fish sandwich so they could go without meat.[21] This was replaced with the Fish Filet Deluxe in 1996 and brought back in 1998 albeit a larger fish patty. During the Easter period in Hawaii and Guam, a Double Filet-O-Fish meal is offered with two pieces of fish on one bun.
Fish McBites – similar to the Chicken McBites, these are small pieces of flaky whitefish dipped in batter and fried until golden brown, and served with tartar sauce for dipping. They were taken off the menu in the end of March 2013.

Pork[edit]




The McRib



McRib – a sandwich featuring boneless pork with barbecue sauce, slivered onions, and pickles. First seen in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, in the late 1970s (along with early tests of personal-sized pizza) the McRib was more widely released in 1981, but pulled from menu in 1985. It is released annually in the U.S. as a limited time promotion in some locations. Since 2005, the McRib has reappeared in late October staying on the menu for 10 weeks. The McRib was released in Canada as a promotional sandwich from March 18 through April 8, 2008 and again in summer 2011. The McRib is presently on some European menus (e.g., Germany, where it has been standard since or even before 1990).[22]

Other products[edit]

McDonald's introduced salads to its menu in 1985. Since that time, they have restructured their salad lines several times. In the U.S., the newest salad offerings are part of the McDonald's Premium line. First introduced in 2003, the Premium Salads all are a mixture of iceberg lettuce and a special lettuce assortment (romaine, etc.), with cherry tomatoes and different toppings to differentiate them; additionally all salads can be topped with warm grilled or crispy chicken. All of its salads are part of McDonald's move towards creating a healthier image.
The Happy Meal/Mighty Kids Meal – McDonald's capitalized on Burger Chef's Funmeal concept of a children's meal when it introduced the first Happy Meal in 1979. The meal includes an entrée, a side dish, a beverage and a toy. Happy meals include a tiny order fries (far less than a small order of fries) and fruit, optional sauce for fries, and a choice of nuggets, a single patty burger, or wraps. An additional product, Pasta Zoo was discontinued in 2008. The Mighty Kids Meal contains more food than the Happy Meal, less than the adult meal, and still contains a toy.


The toy is usually a product tie-in with a movie or popular television show.

In mid-February 2012, McDonald's has introduced the Happy Meals/Mighty Kids Meals so that they now come with either a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, 4 piece Chicken McNuggets, McDouble or the 6-piece Chicken McNuggets with a smaller version of the small fry for the Happy Meal or a small fry for a Mighty Kids Meal. All kids meals now come with fries, apple slices and a toy. The apple slices have been reduced from 8 slices to only 4 and no longer come with caramel dipping sauce.



In the U.S., the traditional entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, or a four piece order of Chicken McNuggets (or a double cheeseburger or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets for the Mighty Kids Meals); the sides are fries and sliced apples. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks. Some U.S. franchises also include a small cellophane package of McDonaldland cookies. In 2009, McDonald's offered a Happy Meal Wrap, but it was discontinued later that year due to low sales.
In the UK, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four Chicken McNuggets, three fish fingers, or a Chicken wrap; the sides are a choice of fries, carrot sticks or sliced apples and grapes. Organic milk, Tropicana orange juice, apple and blackcurrant Robinsons Fruit Shoot, milkshakes, water and the traditional soda are the choices for drinks.
In New Zealand and Australia, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, three or six piece order of Chicken McNuggets, five or ten Chicken McBites or a crispy or seared Chicken Snack Wrap; the sides are a choice of french fries or apple slices. Thickshake, boxed chocolate milk, apple or water pop tops, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.
In Canada, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece Chicken McNuggets, grilled cheese, or chicken snack wraps; the sides are a choice of fries or apple slices with caramel dip. Milk, chocolate milk, boxed apple juice, orange juice, and the traditional soda are choices for drinks.







Chicken McNuggets





In Belgium, the entrée is a choice of hamburger, cheeseburger, four piece order of Chicken McNuggets, McFish or a Ketchup Wrap.




McDonald's line of larger chicken sandwiches (The Classic, Club, Ranch BLT and Southwest), which are part of the McDonald's Premium line were introduced in July 2005 as part of McDonald's menu revamp.

The Classic includes Lettuce, Tomato, and Mayo.
The Club also has Lettuce Tomato and Mayo, but also comes with Swiss cheese and bacon.
The Ranch BLT comes with a creamy ranch sauce, bacon, lettuce and tomato.
The Grand Chicken Burger: Large chicken patty with two layers of cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and sauce
The Southwest comes with a southwest style ancho chili sauce, lettuce, tomato, and spicy pepperjack cheese.


All four can be chosen with either crispy or grilled chicken and all are served on a wheat ciabatta bun.
Deli Choices is a line of deli-style sandwiches that are sold internationally. It is targeted at health-conscious customers and is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, and Britain, and is testing in the United States. It is similar to the McHero sandwich, sold in parts of the United States.
McDonald's sells French fries as its primary side order. Until 1967, McFries were never frozen, but were cut on-site from potatoes and immediately fried. In some international locations, they sell potato wedges, a type of French fry that is thick cut and wedge shaped and fried onion pieces that are similar to onion rings.





McDonald's McFries.



Many McDonald's locations in discount stores offer freshly popped popcorn and soft pretzels in addition to the normal menu. In PA stores, only soft pretzels are offered as a side option.
Denali Mac – a burger that looks like the Big Mac, but it uses two quarter pound beef patties. Sold only in Alaska, named after Denali (formerly Mount McKinley).





McLobster in 2015.



McLobster – a lobster roll served in a hot dog bun with "lobster sauce" and shredded lettuce, introduced in 1993. The product had supply issues and was not very profitable nationally. Recently, it was only available in Atlantic Canada and New England region in the summer, when lobster is inexpensive.[23] In the 2010s, McDonald's had short term reintroductions in Canada and Italy.
McCrab – in response to the McLobster, McDonald's along the eastern coast of the Delmarva Peninsula (comprising parts of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia) developed the McCrab sandwich, a McDonald's version of the Chesapeake crabcake.
Poutine – originally only to be found in French-Canadian communities, poutine is now found on the menu at most McDonald's' across Canada.[24]
Brownie Melt – similar to a Cinnamelt, it is a rich chocolate brownie with chocolate and white frosting.
McRice – Most McDonald's restaurants in countries in Asia serve the product due to popular demand. It is normal rice.
McSpaghetti – was launched in the late 1970s as a part of McD's dinner menu which included a number of Italian dishes. The dish is still available international where in Philippines it is popular and is generally served with McNuggets.[25]
Angus Snack Wrap – wrap with Angus burger introduced to the U.S. market on August 9, 2010. Angus Snack wraps are available three ways: Deluxe (lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, American cheese, mayo, mustard); Bacon & Cheese (onions, pickles, American cheese, ketchup, mustard, a strip of bacon); and Mushroom & Swiss (sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, mayo). The Angus Wrap uses 1/2 of a regular Angus burger pattie.[26]
The McVeggie burger – a vegetarian burger on a whole wheat bun. Available in India, Slovenia, Greece and Portugal. A special version is available in Cheung Chau branch in Hong Kong during the Cheung Chau Bun Festival.
Veggie Clubhouse - first sandwich with a quinoa pattie.[27]
The McBean burger – a vegan burger where the patties are made with cannellini beans, kidney beans, onions, carrots and green peppers. Available in Sweden.
The menu in India has numerous unique items, all of which contain neither beef nor pork:

Chicken Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced chicken patties instead of beef, served with a mustard sauce
Paneer Salsa Wrap (paneer is an Indian unsalted white cheese).
Chicken Mexican Wrap
McAloo Tikki – breaded potato patty with onion and tomato on a plain bun ("aloo" is "potato"). Available at select stores in India, Greece, and Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, FL.
Chicken McGrill


Georgie Pie — a meat pie sold in New Zealand and Australia. The brand was also the name of a New Zealand-based chain that was bought by McDonald's New Zealand in 1996, and was revived as part of the McDonald's menu in 2013 due to popular demand.
Garlic fries were tested in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016, using locally grown garlic from Gilroy, California[28]
Veggie Crunch Burger - The vegetarian burger was launched in the Singapore market on 6 September 2016. Its patty is made with a mixture of unto 7 types of vegetables, including green peas, carrots, tomatoes, capsicum, beans etc. However, its dressings contain garlic and eggs. The patty is fried in the same oil used for frying apple pies so it does not come in contact with meat products. The burger has received good reviews
Mc Aaloo Tikki Burger - In India, since Mc Donalds does not serve beef or pork in any of its products, it has created a few vegetarian options to suit the 85% vegetarian populace. Thus, the cheese burger is recast as a vegetarian option and served as an "Aaloo tikki burger" containing a potato patties and a slice of cheese.[29]
Veg Maharaja Mac - A vegetarian version of the Big Mac sold at Mc Donalds India, containing patties made of potato, corn, peas and cheese. Maharaja is a Hindi word meaning emperor. [30]

Breakfast[edit]
McDonald's introduced breakfast foods in 1972.




An Egg McMuffin



McDonald's primary breakfast offerings are breakfast sandwiches.

McMuffins are McDonald's signature breakfast sandwich, first sold at select restaurants in 1972 as the Egg McMuffin, five years before breakfast officially went into effect, it consists of a fried egg, back bacon (called Canadian bacon in the U.S.) and American cheese on a toasted English muffin. Sausage or bacon McMuffins are also available. A Chicken McMuffin is offered in South Africa.
McDonald's offers a line of breakfast sandwiches: bagels, biscuits, and a special type of maple flavored pancake called McGriddles. All can all be ordered with sausage, ham or bacon, with an optional choice of cheese and/or egg. Regional meat offerings include fried chicken, steak, spam and bacon. They are an internationally famous sandwich and as such have been well received, though Morgan Spurlock criticized the item near the end of his 2004 documentary Super-Size Me with the following quote: "McDonald's joined right in, sponsoring events and creating premium salads to show how health conscious they had become. At the same time however, they masterminded one of their fattest sandwiches to date: the McGriddle. A pancake-wrapped cake press that won my heart in Texas, but can pack as much fat as a Big Mac, and contains more sugar than a pack of McDonaldland cookies." His doctor also informed him that consumption of the item could be a risk factor for high blood cholesterol.
The McDonald's Hamdesal is a new breakfast sandwich which consist of a slice of ham on pandesal, which can be ordered plain, with eggs or with cheese. This sandwich is currently available in the Philippines.[31]


There are two styles of breakfast burritos available. The Sausage Burrito, introduced in 1991, is made with a flour tortilla, sausage, American cheese, eggs, onions, and peppers. The new McSkillet wrap burrito adds potatoes and salsa. Chicken and steak variants of the McSkillet exists in limited areas.
Additional breakfast items include hotcakes; several breakfast platters with eggs, hash browns and meats or breads. Biscuits and gravy are available in parts of the southern U.S.
Oatmeal was added to the breakfast menu on December 27, 2010, after it test marketed well in Washington, D.C. and some parts of Maryland. In the test market areas, oatmeal started selling in late January 2010.
A few American regional variations exist, in Hawaii and Guam McDonald's offers local breakfast items such as Spam, Portuguese sausage and fresh cut pineapple. And in New Mexico there is a breakfast burrito on the menu, with both bacon and sausage varieties, called the Green Chile Sunrise Burrito.
In the UK, McDonald's offers the standard McMuffin, Double McMuffin, bacon rolls, toasted bagels with jam or Philadelphia cream cheese, hash browns, Oatso Simple porridge, bagels with egg, cheese and bacon or sausage, and a range of wraps, that consist of sausage & egg, bacon & egg, or cheese & egg, or you have the option to have the full wrap called the Breakfast Wrap which consists of sausage, bacon, egg, hash browns (potato rösti), cheese and an optional sauce, either ketchup or brown sauce.
Since October 2015, McDonald's offers breakfast all day in Australia, Canada, Mexico (Tijuana, Baja California Norte only), New Zealand & USA. However, the full breakfast menu won’t be available at all hours. Only certain items, such as sausage burritos or hot cakes will be available beyond the usual 10:30 A.M. cutoff weekdays or 11 weekends.[32] All US restaurants expanded its all-day menu to add Biscuit sandwiches, Egg McMuffins & McGriddles in late September 2016.
Since February 2016, breakfast bowls were added to the breakfast menu, available in some US restaurants.

Beverages[edit]
Beverages purveyed by McDonald's varies regionally.

McDonald's primary soft drink supplier is the Coca-Cola Company, except in restaurants which fall under an overall contract with PepsiCo. For example: the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Luxor Las Vegas, Staples Center and the University of Maryland, College Park Student Union. In the U.S. and Canada, Cadbury-Schweppes supplies Dr Pepper.
S&D Coffee, Gavina and Kraft supply McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee for McDonald's U.S. restaurants besides the New England area. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters supplies Newman's Own branded coffee for McDonald's New England area restaurants.
Hot and iced tea (supplied by S&D Coffee in the U.S.), hot chocolate, various juices and other regional beverages are available in various markets.
The McCafe is an umbrella term for lattes, espresso, iced coffee, hot chocolate, mocha, malts, smoothies, and other drinks that are sold in several markets worldwide.
Shakes are available in all U.S. McDonald's and many global markets[33] Permanent flavors are vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate; regional or seasonal flavors include Caramel, Coffee, Cherry, Eggnog (during Christmas), Banana, Pumpkin (during Halloween), Strawberry Banana, Lime, Mango Raspberry, Honeycomb, Arctic Orange (sherbet), Orange Cream, Shamrock Shake (a green, spearmint Limited Time Offer shake for St. Patrick's Day), Chocolate Mint, and Rolo (available only in Canada and the UK. This flavoured milkshake was also available in the Republic of Ireland during the summer of 2007 for a limited time only). In June 1975, 13 months before the celebration of the United States Bicentennial, McDonald's introduced a blueberry-flavored shake in order to advertise "Red, White, and Blueberry Shakes" for independence day celebrations, and lasting through August of that year. The run was repeated in summer 1976, but not since. In the U.S., starting in February 2010, "Triple Thick Shakes" were rebranded under the McCafe name, along with the addition of whipped cream, and a cherry on top, and a significant reduction in size. In Canada, McDonald's milkshakes are still sold under the "Triple Thick" name.[34]
Beer of different brands (varies locally) is available at McDonald's in Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, and Spain.
Irn-Bru is available in some Scottish McDonald's locations.
Inca Kola is available in every Peruvian McDonald's location.
McDonald's also offers 1% milk, 1% chocolate milk, and apple juice, most often as replacements for fountain drinks in Happy Meals.
As of 2009[update], McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering Frozen Coke as part of their menu. It is available in small, medium or large sizes or a 'Mini Value-Pick' size.New flavors are introduced occasionally, such as Frozen Fanta Grape and Frozen Sprite. Over summer, flavoured syrups have become available, for use with Frozen Sprite. In the 2013/2014 summer, Bubblegum, Pineapple, Wild Grape, Fairy Floss and Apple were available.

Desserts[edit]




McDonald's apple pies



A soft serve ice cream product is available in several forms, including sundaes, cones (either vanilla or chocolate), and as the primary ingredient in the McFlurry. As with many other formulations of soft serve, cellulose gum is utilized as an extender and thickener.[35]

The McFlurry is a soft-serve ice cream dessert that has pieces of candy or cookies mixed into it.[36] The McFlurry was first integrated in the menu at a Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada franchisee in 1995. The flavors are crushed Oreo, M&M's Minis, Reese's, or Mars, Incorporated candy bars like Snickers, Twix, Galaxy, etc., Cadbury's candy bars like Twirl, Wispa, Creme Egg, Crunchie etc., Nestlé candy bars like Yorkie, Smarties, Drifter, Rolo, Butterfinger, etc. McDonald's also does limited time only flavors, e.g. for Shrek the Third it released the Ogre-Load flavor. In Australia, they had a special range for their 40 years in Australia celebration. The flavors were double choc fudge, bubblegum squash, strawberry crumble and caramel cookie. Also in Malaysia a unique flavor called FuseofmyLife is offered to customers. The mixing blade for the dessert is actually a specially designed spoon with a hollow handle that attaches to the mixer spindle (except in Australia[37] and New Zealand where the staff mix it by hand). The blade is used once then given to the customer to use as an eating utensil. Originally test marketed in Hawaii in 1997,[38] it is now available in most of its markets.[39]


McDonaldland cookies are traditionally available and are similar to animal crackers, except the shapes of the cookies are of Ronald McDonald, Grimace, Birdie the Early Bird, and the Hamburglar, among other McDonaldland characters. In fact, they are manufactured by Keebler, and are just re-branded animal crackers (Elfin Crackers or Our Family Animal Crackers). In Australia, the McDonaldland Cookies are manufactured by Arnotts and are sold in McDonald's restaurants for $1.
Freshly baked cookies manufactured by Nestlé are available in some markets. Among the cookies offered are sugar, oatmeal raisin, or chocolate chip.
McDonald's pies are actually turnovers, and come in apple or, in some markets, cherry and other seasonal or limited-time-only flavors such as pumpkin pie, smores, sweet potato and Holiday pie, and in Hawaii, taro, haupia, banana, and (introduced in 2017) guava. In Canada, in the 1970s, blueberry was standard, as was the Great Fruit Pie. During some seasonal promotions, cherry and strawberry are an available pie flavor in Canada; also, newly featured is Blueberry Maple and Peach. In Thailand, Hawaii and Guam, taro pie is featured occasionally. Other regional flavors include coconut (also known as haupia in Hawaii) and tuna (all in Guam as limited-time), and corn in Japan. In Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, and Costa Rica, cheese pie is available all year round. In Cyprus, strawberry and custard pies are available all year round also, along with the apple one. In Brazil, banana pies are available. In Russia apricot pies are also available.





McDonald's Cinnamon Melts



Cinnamon Melts – a popular cinnamon roll type item with cream cheese icing.
Brownie melts – Similar to the Cinnamon melt, only chocolate flavored with fudge and cream cheese icing on top. Available only in selected markets.
The Fruit and Yogurt Parfait – a mix of frozen strawberries and blueberries and vanilla yogurt, sold with a package of granola topping.
Smoothies are available in some locations in either Blueberry Pomegranate, Strawberry Banana, or Mango-Pineapple flavors. In the test market areas, smoothies were introduced in 2009.
In 2012, McDonald's Australia and New Zealand began offering a 'McFloat'. It contained Frozen Coke and/or the promotional frozen beverage, a small amount of soft serve and a lot of ice. In Australia, the Frozen Coke 'McSpider' has also been purveyed, which consists of frozen Coke and soft serve ice cream.[40]

Former items[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Angus burgers – Four types: the Angus Deluxe (American cheese, sliced red onions and sliced red tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, pickles, mustard, and mayonnaise); Angus Mushroom and Swiss (sautéed mushrooms, Swiss cheese and mayonnaise); Angus Bacon and Cheese (bacon, American cheese, sliced red onions, mustard, ketchup and pickles); and the Angus Chipotle BBQ Bacon (chipotle sauce, red onions, pickles, bacon, and American cheese). In Australia and New Zealand, there are three Angus burgers sold; The Grand Angus (which is a clone of the Angus Deluxe) and the Mighty Angus (which resembles the Angus Cheese and Bacon, but with no pickles and mayonnaise and onion relish replacing the ketchup and mustard). For a limited time only, the Angus The Third, similar to the Grand Angus, but with no mustard and made with a tomato chilli relish and only one slice of cheese. Also, for a limited time, Angus the Great was sold, a clone of the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. In October 2012, an Angus version of the Cheddar Bacon Onion (CBO) Sandwich was made available,[41] consisting of a horseradish-like sauce, grilled caramelized onions, bacon and cheddar cheese. In May 2013, McDonald's stopped selling the Angus burger.[42][43] Two years later the third-pound burgers returned (known as Sirloin Third Pound Burgers), but as a limited-time promotion. It comes in three sandwiches: Bacon & Cheese, Lettuce & Tomato, and Steakhouse. The Angus Burgers are still available in Canada and some markets in Latin America.
Arch Deluxe – An attempt to produce a "luxury" hamburger, promoted by a high-profile advertising campaign (introduced in 1996), today considered one of the most expensive failures in McDonald's history. It featured a honey mustard-type sauce,[44] quarter-pound beef patty on a potato roll, with leaf lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cheese; peppered bacon was also offered for an extra charge. The Arch Deluxe was accompanied with three other burgers at the time, the Crispy Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Crispy Chicken Sandwich), the Grilled Chicken Deluxe (later renamed the Chicken McGrill), and the Fish Filet Deluxe (since discontinued along with the Arch Deluxe itself).
Barry Burger – A double bacon cheeseburger with onions and barbecue sauce named after football player Barry Sanders, sold mainly in his home state of Kansas.[citation needed]
BBQ Chicken – A toasted bun featuring shredded chicken and zesty BBQ sauce.[citation needed]
Beef Wennington – A burger solely offered in the Chicago area in 1998–99, named after former Chicago Bulls player Bill Wennington. It featured a single patty topped with cheese, onions, barbecue sauce and a slice of Canadian bacon.[45]
Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich – test-marketed in various markets across the United States in 1980 as part of a McDonald's "Dinner Menu", offered only after 4:00 p.m. The Chopped Beefsteak Sandwich was essentially an elongated hamburger of a different quality served on a short French roll, similar to a sub or hero roll. Packets of steak sauce (A1 sauce in Chicago) were available for the sandwich.[citation needed]
Big 33 or McJordan Special – A quarter pound burger with bacon and special barbecue sauce named after basketball players Larry Bird and Michael Jordan, respectively.
Boselli Burger – Jacksonville, Florida, franchises also featured the Triple-Double Burger in 1998, named after Jacksonville Jaguars tackle Tony Boselli.[46]
Bratwurst – For a few years during the 1990s and in 2002, Johnsonville brand bratwurst on a hot dog-like roll was sold in some US markets for a limited time each fall. A few locations in Eastern Wisconsin, which is the major market for the Sheboygan County-based company still offer bratwursts on a seasonal basis.
Buffalo Ranch McChicken (also the Hot 'n Spicy).
Catfish Sandwich – A sandwich made with a catfish patty, lettuce, and tangy sauce and sold on a McRib-style bun. Sold at McDonald's locations in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi for a brief period in March 1991.[47]
Cheddar Melt – a quarter pound beef patty smothered with grilled onions (sauteed in butter and teriyaki), then topped with cheddar cheese sauce on a light rye bun, offered in 1988, the 1990s, 2004, and 2007. They are still available in Brazil under the name Cheddar McMelt.[48]
Chicken Fajitas – The Chicken Fajitas consisted of a small soft tortilla, a grilled vegetable medley, and grilled chicken. The fajita was in the traditional thin wrapping paper. These are still available in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland (at certain locations), Alberta (at select locations in the Edmonton area) and at all non-Walmart McDonald's in Ontario.[citation needed]
Chicken McBites – popcorn chicken breast with "home-style seasoning" offered through April 20, 2012 in 3-ounce, 5-ounce and 10-ounce versions. Dipping sauces include Ranch, Sweet n' Sour, Tangy BBQ, Chipotle BBQ, Honey Mustard,[49] Spicy Buffalo, and Sweet Chili.[citation needed]
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich – A chicken breast covered in bread crumbs and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella on a toasted bun.[citation needed]
Chicken Platter – A grilled chicken burger served with lettuce and tomato on the HotCakes tray.[citation needed]





Chicken Selects



Chicken Selects – McDonald's version of chicken strips. They were introduced in early 1998 and offered again as a permanent part of the menu in late October 2003. They are sold in 3-, 5-, or 10-piece sizes and include choices of spicy buffalo, creamy ranch, honey mustard, and chipotle barbecue dipping sauces; sauce selections in the UK are smokey barbecue, sour cream and sweet chili sauce.[50] Sold in the United States, Canada, Israel and the UK. Available in Australia under the name Chicken McDippers.[51] McDonald's stopped selling Chicken Selects in the United States in February 2013,[52][53] but they returned to the menu on February 25, 2015 for a limited engagement and were renamed Chicken Select Tenders. Chicken Selects are still sold at McDonald's restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Corn Dog McNuggets – For a brief time in 1991, McDonald's locations in Richmond, Virginia offered a multi-pack of mini corn dogs without sticks. They were offered again in 2002 as the "Mini Corn Dogs".
Cuban Sandwich – Roast pork and ham sandwich on a long roll with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. One of several Hispanic-inspired menu items briefly sold at South Florida units in 2001.[54]
Derby Burger – A single patty hamburger with American Cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayonnaise, and bacon. It was a regional item sold in the mid-1990s in Louisville, Kentucky only during the spring to coincide with the Kentucky Derby. Discontinued in the early 2000s (decade).
Diet Coke Float and Coke Float – In 1991 McDonald's ran a limited time promotion selling a float made with Diet Coke or Coke with low-fat soft-serve frozen yogurt in a collectable Coke bell glass. It sold for $1.59 with 40 cents from every sale donated to Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.[55]
Dinner Menu – After testing pasta in the South in 1989, McDonald's began testing a pasta-based menu at 40 units across Rochester, New York, in September 1991, including lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and spaghetti with meatballs. In the early 1990s, a new Dinner Menu was tested for 6–12 months at two locations in New York and Tennessee. It consisted of the pizza mentioned below but also included lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, and roasted chicken as entrees. The side dishes included mashed potatoes with gravy and a vegetable medley.[citation needed] For the dessert, it included a brownie à la mode or peanut butter pie.[25][56]
Eggs Benedict McMuffin – Canadian style bacon, egg, special breakfast sauce, and American cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Fried Roast Beef Sandwich – In 1968 this product was launched targeting adults. Sold with a package of McDonald's BBQ sauce on the side using the slogan "McDonald's is my kind of place"; it was inspired by a franchisee's version of an Arby's sandwich. The sandwich failed due to the costs of getting roast beef slicers; no matter how many sandwiches they could sell, it would never turn a profit.[1]
Grilled Cheese Happy Meal – There was a Happy Meal introduced during the early part of the 2000s (decade) that contained a grilled cheese sandwich. It was discontinued the same summer it was released but is still sold in some Canadian markets.
Grilled Chicken Flatbread Sandwich – Grilled chicken strips, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a creamy herb sauce served wrapped in a heated flatbread. Served briefly in June 2002, and again from December 27, 2002 until February 9, 2003.
Happy Meal Breakfast – The Happy Meal Breakfast was a meal that was smaller than the traditional breakfast that lasted from the 1980s to 2009. It was discontinued by advice of the Nutrition department at the Corporate Headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but is still sold in Hong Kong.
Home Fried Chicken – During 1968 McDonald's sold deep fried chicken (similar to KFC). Targeting parents who could not choose between burgers and chicken, McDonald's delivered home fried chicken served with distinct packaging. The white chicken meat was sold in light gold packages (for adults) and catering to the children – the dark chicken meat was sold in dark foil packages. TV slogan was... "so everyone can have just what they want ... McDonald's Strives to Reunite the American Family" (note the US was struggling with domestic civil unrest due to the combined social upheaval of the Vietnam War and the civil rights movement)
Hot dogs – In 1937, hot dogs were the first things sold in McDonald's. Then in CEO Ray Kroc's 1977 autobiography, he prohibited the company from selling hot dogs, regardless of potential demand, as he regarded them as unhygienic; however, hot dogs were reintroduced in 1995 at some Midwestern located stores (at the option of the franchise-holder) as a summer item. UK stores sold hot dogs during 2002 on the McChoice menu (later PoundSaver) and as a seasonal menu item in the summer of 1999. Also, at least one American restaurant offered Oscar Mayer hot dogs at some time, notably in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, and McDonald's locations at Toronto Metro Zoo and SkyDome in Toronto offered hot dogs until 1999. Starting in the year 2007, a few McDonald's began selling Hot Dogs in central Pennsylvania due to popular demand from local sports fans. They can be found at 12 locations as of 2011[update]. In Tokyo locations, hot dogs were available from 1990 until 2004, and have been reintroduced one more for 2009, dubbed the "McHot Dog". McDonald's locations in Chile also sold hot dogs for a brief period in 2004.
Hot Ham 'N Cheese – Sliced ham, American cheese, lettuce and tomato on a triple split, sesame seed bun with a choice of mayonnaise or honey mustard sauce.
Hulaburger – A Ray Kroc invention, it featured a slice of pineapple instead of meat. Originally intended for Roman Catholics who are not allowed to eat meat on Fridays during Lent. It was test-marketed in 1963 alongside the Filet-O-Fish sandwich, with the highest seller being added to the menu full-time (the Filet-O-Fish, a creation of an Ohio franchiser, won).[57]
Italian Doubles – A limited summer promotion in Canada in 1989. Two regular patties on a hamburger bun with 1 slice of mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce.
Kiwiburger – In the 1990s, New Zealand sold a burger reflecting their national icon the Kiwi. It was a single beef patty hamburger, with egg (identical to the egg in McMuffins), cheese, lettuce, tomato, beetroot, onions, ketchup ("tomato sauce") and American mustard. It came in distinctive packaging with 46 classic kiwi quotes, kiwiana, and kiwi sporting icons, which were also used in promotions of the burger.[58] Complications with the cooking of the egg and the use of certain ingredients, that no other McDonald's burger had, saw the Kiwiburger discontinued. It has occasionally returned to the menu for limited times since.
McChicken LT (McDonald's Chicken Lettuce and Tomato) was the chicken version of the McDLT featuring the same two-sided container as the McDLT except the packaging was yellow instead of white. It was introduced about the same time as the McDLT in the mid-1980s. The chicken was a grilled, unbreaded chicken breast placed on the heel of the bun in one of the compartments. The toppings were shredded lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise assembled on the top half of the bun in the other compartment. Cheese was an optional addition for an extra US$0.10. The grilled chicken breast was then basted with a brushing of melted butter. As with the McDLT, the consumer would finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. The McChicken LT was discontinued in the Fall of 1987.
McDLT – The McDLT (McDonald's Lettuce and Tomato) was sold in a novel form of packaging.[59] The McDLT was introduced in the fall of 1984 as the Lettuce and Tomato Special. The meat and bottom half of the bun were prepared separately from the lettuce, tomato, American cheese, pickles, sauces, and top half of the bun. Both were then packaged into a specially designed two-sided styrofoam container. The consumer was then expected to finalize preparation of the sandwich by combining the hot and cool sides just prior to eating. It was discontinued between December 1990 and January 1991 due to environmental concerns with styrofoam.
McDonald's Own Chocolaty Chip Cookie - mini-chocolate chip cookies which came in a small rectangular box
McDonaldland Cookies - cookies shaped like the McDonald's characters. originally came in a white box with a handle and later smaller rectangular boxes with cartoon images
McDouble Cruncher – two patties with a slice of cheese, chipotle BBQ sauce and crispy onions
McGrilled Chicken Classic – A sandwich featuring a grilled chicken breast portion that was introduced in September 1993 and was produced before being replaced by the Grilled Chicken Deluxe/Chicken McGrill.
McLean Deluxe – A lower-calorie Quarter Pounder-type sandwich (introduced in 1991) containing 90% lean beef and 10% water with carrageenan, a seaweed extract, to hold the water and beef together.[60] This item was otherwise identical to the Big N' Tasty and the McDLT.
McRye – a hamburger on rye bread sold in Finland in late 1990s.
McSoup – Campbell's Soup sold at McDonald's available in Broccoli & Cheese and Chicken Noodle. (This product is only sold in winter months in select markets)
McStuffin – a pocket sandwich available with various fillings. McStuffins were sold for a short time in 1993 and were discontinued that same year due to not having a lot of popularity.
McWraps – Inspired in the Mexican burritos Chicken Caesar, Chicken and Garden Salad wraps served toasted in a thick herb flat bread. McWraps is still offered in some parts of Europe(for instance in Denmark and Croatia).
Mighty Wings – deep-fried spicy chicken wings. McDonald's began selling these in 1990 as an optional item and stopped selling them in 2003. They are still sold in China, Spain, Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Island of St Croix as of March 6, 2010. Also sold as McWings in Pakistan, they were discontinued for a while but relaunched. On September 9, 2013, McDonald's brought the Mighty Wings back to its menus in all of its American restaurants as a limited time offer available until November 2013. The Mighty Wings did not sell well its second time around in the U.S. The main problems cited with the Mighty Wings was the price point versus the amount purchased. Compared with competitors, the pricing was determined to be too high, but McDonald's stated that due to overruns in purchasing, the company could not sell them at lower prices without losing money. On February 24, 2014, McDonald's decided to put them back on the menu for a limited engagement to liquidate the remaining inventory at a lower price in all U.S. locations.
Mozzarella sticks - 3 fried cheesesticks with marinara sauce on the side. Was on the Dollar Menu & More menu from December 2015 to March 2016.
Onion Nuggets – introduced at the same time as the Beefsteak Sandwich as the side item for the Dinner Menu. Onion Nuggets were chopped onions shaped into small solid pieces, dipped in batter and deep-fried.
Philly Cheesesteak – Slices of steak and Swiss cheese with onions. Served until August 2007 at Australian and American McDonald's. This sandwich is still available in Canada, made with cheese spread and green bell pepper.
Pizza / McPizza – McDonald's has also attempted pizza at various times,[25][56] with an apple-pie–like McPizza and more conventional McDonald's Pizza. A line of personal-sized pizzas was first seen in the late 1970s in test-market stores near interstate highways around Milwaukee and Madison. In Canada (c. 1992–99), the pizza originally began as a family-sized pizza that was brought out to the table by an employee and placed on a raised rack in the centre of the table. Later it was scaled down to a personal-sized pizza. However, variations have found their way into some international markets such as India (the pie-like "Pizza McPuff"). McDonald's also test marketed a 14-inch, round, traditional-style pizza in Evansville, Indiana, and nearby Owensboro, Kentucky, in 1989.[61] By 1991, the McDonald's test markets for pizza had grown to over 500 McDonald's locations before the pizza test was placed on hold.[62] Pizza was discontinued in most restaurants by 2000. The reason for eliminating the pizza from the menu was that the time to cook a pizza took 11 minutes, and McDonald's wanted to keep its reputation for fast service. As of March 2017, two McDonald's locations, one in Pomeroy, Ohio, and the other in Spencer, West Virginia still offer the family style McPizza.[63]
Roast Beef on a Roll – A roast beef sandwich made just like the Arby's roast beef sandwich. Sold in 1968.
Root Beer Float – A combination of vanilla soft-serve ice cream and root beer.
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and other vegetable in a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers were introduced in the spring of 2000 and are still available in the Netherlands.
Son of Mac – Also known as the Mini Mac or Baby Mac, a version with only one patty and no centre roll piece. It sold as a Baby Mac in New Zealand, was sold in Australia, now discontinued. Served by some stores in the United States under the moniker "Mac Jr". It's still sold in places in Canada, known as the "kid's mac".
Southern Fried-Chicken – Was sold in Australia up until mid-1986. This was available as a 2 piece (or 3 piece) pack including French Fries. This was replaced by the current McNugget range, as the nuggets became cheaper to produce and safer to cook.
Spanish Omelet Bagel – existed during the mid to late 2000s, discontinued.
Spicy Chicken – Chicken breast with spicy breading introduced in 2006. (Still offered in some U.S. markets.)
Strawberry Shortcake McFlurry – Vanilla soft-serve ice cream with strawberry topping and Vanilla Cookie pieces mixed together.
Superhero Burger – Featuring 3 patties, yellow American cheese, white American cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and mayo all laid out on an elongated bun like a hero sandwich. The burger was released as part of the "Taste of the Month" series that McDonald's ran in 1995 where they had a new burger every month. The Superhero Burger was also tied into the promo campaign for the film Batman Forever and the ads for it featured Batman and the Batmobile.
Torta – In 2000, the company released their own version of tortas, a Mexican sandwich, in southern California on a trial basis.
Triple Ripple – A mixed cone with strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate, topped with a plastic top.[1]
Triple-Double Burger – A burger featuring 3 beef patties and 2 slices of cheese, served on the same 6 inch (15.2 cm) sesame seed roll as the McRib. It was originally marketed as the Superhero Burger to promote the release of the 1995 film Batman Forever. It was also sold under the names of local sports stars in at least five markets in the 1990s and in the Cleveland area in the early 2000s (decade):

The Hockey Hero burger, in Canada.
The Jason Kidd Burger – Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, franchises had a Limited Time Offer burger named after NBA player Jason Kidd, while he played for the Phoenix Suns.
The Michael Dean Perry burger, for the then Cleveland Browns star.
The Rory Sparrow burger was sold in the Sacramento area. It was named after the Sacramento Kings star.
Thome Triple was sold in the Cleveland, Ohio area. It was named after Cleveland Indians first baseman Jim Thome


Upside Down Iced Tea – A new cup tested at select locations in the southeast United States in the late 1990s. It featured an ice compartment at top of the cup to keep the beverage cold. It was quickly discontinued.
Szechuan Sauce, created to promote the Disney film, Mulan (1998 film). It was thrust back into the cultural spotlight after being referenced numerous times in the Season 3 premiere of Adult Swim animated comedy Rick and Morty.

See also[edit]


Food portal



List of Burger King products

References[edit]


^ a b c Love, John F. (1995). McDonald's: Behind the Arches (Revised ed.). New York: Bantam Books. ISBN 0553347594. 
^ a b Buiso, Gary (2012-12-02). "More burning questions about NYC answered | New York Post". Nypost.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Menu: Our Full McDonald's Food Menu | McDonald's". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Artz, Matthew (December 31, 2009). "Fremont's 'hamburger king' dead at 81". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved January 12, 2010. 
^ "ACCUEIL". McDonald's France. 
^ AP Newswire (July 2, 1997). "McDonald's hoping new burger a Whopper stopper". The Augusta Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007. 
^ a b c d Wong, Venessa (March 12, 2014). "After Year of Flubs, McDonald's Loses Its Taste for Novelty". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved March 3, 2015. 
^ "麥當勞 意想不到嘅嚐試". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Product Nutrition". McDonalds.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's 1955 Burger Review - Burger Lad - Burger Reviews". Burger Lad. 2013-10-16. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ John Reynolds (2011-08-25). "McDonald's cooks up 'no-nonsense' 1955 burger for the UK". Marketingmagazine.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Little, Katie (November 24, 2015). "McDonald's breakfast burger mashup debuts". CNBC. NBC News. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ a b "McDonalds - Artisan Grilled Chicken". News.mcdonalds.com. 2015-04-06. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ http://www.aef.com/images/diversity/burrell/snack_wrap_case_study.pdf
^ "North County News - San Diego Union Tribune". Nctimes.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McDonald's Australia reveals new Chicken Menu[permanent dead link]
^ "MacPride.Net - Kaufman Enterprises - Promotions". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Chicken Maharaja Mac". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Chicken McBites". Mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Tasty Basket 30 pezzi | McDonald's Italia" (in (in Italian)). M.mcdonalds.it. 2012-12-03. Retrieved 2017-07-13. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language (link)
^ Clark, Paul (February 20, 2007). "No fish story: Sandwich saved his McDonald's". USA Today. Retrieved April 17, 2009. 
^ Eisenberg, Daniel (September 25, 2002). "Can McDonald's Shape Up?". Time. 
^ Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: McLobster". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ Spencer Ross. "A connoisseur's guide to downtown poutine - a & e". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ a b c Velasco, Schuyler (August 21, 2013). "10 fast foods that have disappeared: 4. McSpaghetti". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 
^ "Forays of a Finance Foodie: McDonald's Steps Up Their Style: New Product Preview Day! [New York]". Financefoodie.com. 2010-06-08. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ "McDonalds Testing Garlic Fries". Time.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Harding, Luke (28 December 2000). "Give me a Big Mac - but hold the beef". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ "Maharaja Mac - Veg and Chicken options". www.mcdonaldsindia.net. Mc Donalds India. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ mcdonalds.com.ph. "Ourfood". McDonalds. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's: You Deserve A Hash Brown All Day". NPR.org. 2015-09-02. Retrieved 2016-03-07. 
^ snopes (March 7, 2016). "McDonald's Shakes : snopes.com". snopes. Retrieved March 7, 2016. 
^ "Triple Thick MilkshakeÂ®". McDonalds.ca. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's USA – USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". McDonald's Corporation. Archived from the original on April 26, 2009. Retrieved May 29, 2009. 
^ "McDonald's Nutrition Calculator | McDonald's" (PDF). Nutrition.mcdonalds.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Why don't you mix the mcflurry anymore like you used to?". December 10, 2013. Retrieved June 21, 2014. 
^ "A McFlurry of tasty ideas". Honolulu Star-Bulletin. August 13, 1998. Retrieved June 12, 2012. 
^ "Steve McFlurry USPTO trademark information". United States Patent and Trademark Office. December 19, 1997. Retrieved September 1, 2006. 
^ "Large Frozen McSpider Coke | Drinks Menu | McDonald's AU". Mcdonalds.com.au. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McShakeup". The Huffington Post. March 1, 2013. 
^ Candice Choi, AP. "McDonald's cuts Angus burgers from menu". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "R.I.P. McDonald's Angus Third Pounder". The Huffington Post. May 9, 2013. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Elliott Harris. "Beefing up his role – Bulls' Wennington latest burger celebrity". Chicago Sun-Times. March 8, 1998. Sports, 14.
^ Times, The (1998-08-16). "Jaguars: Advertising war games have definitely begun 08/16/98". Jacksonville.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "The Press-Courier". McDonalds testing catfish. 14 February 1991. Retrieved 13 July 2017. 
^ "McD brings back Cheddar Melt | Nation's Restaurant News | Find Articles at BNET". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Unveils Chicken McBites". Los Angeles Times. January 25, 2012. Archived from the original on September 5, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's USA - USA Core Menu Items by Ingredients". Web.archive.org. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's chicken snack a hit". Azcentral.com. 2007-01-30. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ February 28, 2013 (2013-02-28). "Bid Adieu To Chicken Selects As McDonald’s Makes Room On The Menu For Newer Items – Consumerist". Consumerist.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's dropping Fruit & Walnut Salad, Chicken Selects in U.S.". Reuters. 
^ "Mcdonald's Tries Adding Hispanic Fare To Fast Food - tribunedigital-orlandosentinel". Articles.orlandosentinel.com. 2001-10-28. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "Floats offered at McDonalds". Beaver County Times. 22 May 1991. p. 14. Retrieved 12 July 2017. 
^ a b McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ "McDonald's Kiwi Burger television advertisement – New Zealand Film Archive". Archived from the original on July 14, 2011. Retrieved October 15, 2010. 
^ US 4653685 
^ McGrath, Jane. "5. The Hula Burger - 5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items | HowStuffWorks". Money.howstuffworks.com. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 
^ Chaudhry, Rajan (July 31, 1989). "McPizza? McDonald's widens pizza test: pizza operators gird for assault". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Retrieved November 13, 2009. 
^ Prewitt, Milford (October 7, 1991). "McDonald's developing separate dinner menu, puts pizza test on hold". Nation's Restaurant News. Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on May 1, 2009. Retrieved February 28, 2009. 
^ Pemberton, Becky (2016-03-10). "Ohio and West Virginia McDonald's are still selling MCPIZZA | Daily Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. Retrieved 2017-07-13. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to McDonald's products at Wikimedia Commons
"McPizza! – Tasting the elusive McDonald's Pizza". Science Tortilla (YouTube). March 14, 2015.  – Video on a taste test of a McPizza from one of the two locations still selling it.
McGrath, Jane. "5 Failed McDonald's Menu Items". HowStuffWorks, Inc. Retrieved March 11, 2014. 







v
t
e


McDonald's






History
Advertising

ad programs


Countries with franchises
Legal cases
Product list
International availability





People



Richard and Maurice McDonald
Ray Kroc
Joan Kroc
Ralph Alvarez
Charlie Bell
Al Bernardin
Jim Cantalupo
George Cohon
Dan Coudreaut
Steve Easterbrook
Janice L. Fields
Den Fujita
Don Gorske
Jack M. Greenberg
Eikō Harada
June Martino
Herb Peterson
Michael R. Quinlan
Ed Rensi
Willard Scott
James A. Skinner
Donald N. Smith
Harry J. Sonneborn
Don Thompson
Fred L. Turner





Company



Hamburger University
Leaps and Bounds
McBarge
McCafé
McDonald's #1 Store Museum
McDonald's (Will Rogers Turnpike)
Oldest McDonald's restaurant
Rock N Roll McDonald's
Ronald McDonald House Charities





Products




Beef



Big Mac
Big N' Tasty
Deluxe line
Kiwiburger
Quarter Pounder (McRoyal)





Chicken



Chicken McNuggets
McChicken





Other



Deli Choices
Filet-O-Fish
Georgie Pie
Happy Meal
McArabia
McGriddles
McMuffin
McRib
Premium line
Shamrock Shake





Former



Arch Deluxe
McAfrika








Advertising




Campaigns



Changeables
Global Gladiators
Golden Arches
Mac Tonight
McDonaldland
McDonald's Monopoly
McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure
M.C. Kids
McKids
Ronald McDonald
Teenie Beanies
The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald





Sponsorships



Kyle Larson (NASCAR)
Jamie McMurray (NASCAR)
Graham Rahal (IndyCar Series)
McDonald's All-American Game
McDonald's Championship
McDonald's Championship (golf)
McDonald's Cycle Center
McDonald's Gospelfest
McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium





Related



Burger wars
Donald Land
Fast food advertising
Mac and Me (1988 film)
McDonald's sign (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Supersize








Branches



Canada
Israel
New Zealand





Criticism



Fast Food Nation (film)
McDonaldization
McDonald's Videogame
McJob
McRefugee
McLibel
Maxime, McDuff & McDo
Super Size Me

Don't Eat This Book







Legal cases



Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants
Magee v. McDonald's
McDonald's Restaurants v. Morris & Steel
Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions Inc. v. McDonald's Corp.





Related



McDelivery
Big Mac Index
Bill Elliott
McDonald's Young Entertainers
McWords
San Ysidro McDonald's massacre
"Seriously McDonalds"
Sydney River McDonald's murders
Taiwan McDonald's bombings
Urban legends
Boom, Like That
The Founder (2016 film)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_McDonald%27s_products&oldid=791067944"					
Categories: Lists of brand name foodsMcDonald's foodsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with Italian-language external linksCS1 maint: Unrecognized languageArticles with dead external links from July 2017Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from July 2017All articles needing copy editArticles that may contain original research from July 2017All articles that may contain original researchArticles needing additional references from July 2017All articles needing additional referencesWikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2014Articles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2009All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles that may contain original research from October 2012Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 














McDonald’s testing kiosks at Wesley Chapel restaurant | tbo.com











































































































































































Tampa Bay Times:
Subscribe
Make Payment/Renew
Missed Paper
Vacation Stop
E-Paper






tbo:
Advertise
Contact Us
AUTOS
HOMES
JOBS














Sunday, Jul 23, 2017





81°




































































Home



Local News
Weather
Sports
Things To Do
Blogs
US/World

Advertise
Circulars




































    Business News


















McDonald’s testing kiosks at Wesley Chapel restaurant















?



















































By Richard Mullins | Tribune Staff 
Published: March 25, 2015
Updated: March 25, 2015 at 05:46 PM







TAMPA — A McDonald’s Corp. restaurant in Wesley Chapel is among a select few nationwide to test a distinctly new way for McDonald’s customers to order food: Via a digital kiosk.

The touchscreen system stands in the main lobby of the restaurant and allows customers to customize nearly every item on the menu, from burgers to milkshakes, which is part of a major drive at the fast-food giant to better compete with upcoming rivals like Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc., Dunkin Donuts and Five Guys Enterprises LLC.

“This is the first step toward teaching our customers that we are able to create a truly customizable McDonald’s,” said John Frost, the owner/operator of a test site McDonald’s restaurant at 27643 S.R. 54 that unveiled the kiosks to customers quietly last week. “From here, we can go so many places, like different forms of payment and mobile apps.”

The Wesley Chapel site merges two huge test projects at McDonald’s: A “Create Your Taste” option that lets customers pick and choose items and toppings on food, and the digital kiosk ordering system, which has become somewhat common in France, and more widely tested in California. Only about six sites nationwide have both setups, Frost said, including his.









With burgers, for instance, customers can pick every individual item on a fresh-made quarter-pound burger, including the variety of cheeses and bun style, plus sauces, guacamole, jalape�os, grilled mushrooms, bacon, tortilla strips and crinkle-cut pickles among other choices. The Wesley Chapel site is offering both brioche style and ciabatta-style buns baked fresh on site.

After completing their order and making payment at the kiosk, customers pick up a digital “puck,” pick a seat inside the restaurant and McDonald’s staff then bring out the burger, served open-face in a metal mesh basket to display the various ingredients. The puck wirelessly tells the kitchen staff to which table to deliver food. (Customers paying cash can go to the typical counter cashiers.)

The system also takes orders for drinks and french fries, and works at breakfast as well. 

The test represents a dramatic departure for McDonald’s, which has long been able to customize burgers, though the company has never broadly promoted the ability.

Frost rebuilt the Wesley Chapel site a year ago, and devoted extra kitchen space for tests like these, including a separate food prep workspace where cooks separately grill burgers, add toppings and ring a hotel-style bell for servers to pickup. The process can take up to 10 minutes for a burger, Frost said, but typically takes much less, and compares to 90 seconds or less for standard items. Frost added 15 extra employees to handle the process, and they’re responsible for greeting guests, showing them how the kiosk works and clearing tables after guests leave. 

Frost said the test is in early stages, but he’s already seen a “significant bump” up in average ticket totals from the kiosk system, though he’ll wait to see more data before committing to any wider rollout of the system.

“I like it a lot,” said Lytetia Thomas, who brought her 4-year-old daughter for lunch, and typically eats at McDonald’s once a week. “I love being able to change everything. I tried a burger with pepper jack cheese and spicy mayo, which had just enough bite. Maybe people will like it because they don’t have to wait in line with people waiting behind them, too.” 

Using self-serve kiosks also puts McDonald’s more squarely in competition with some of its fiercest rivals, including more upscale convenience stores like Wawa Inc. which uses self-serve digital kiosks. 

For McDonald’s, Thomas had better news, saying “I’m sure I’ll end up spending more here than I usually do.”

rmullins@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7919

Twitter: @DailyDeadline





























Weather Center









10Weather WTSP






Radar Images: 
Tampa Bay region
Brandon 
Central Tampa 
South Tampa 
New Tampa 
Northwest Hillsborough 
South Shore 
North Pinellas 
South Pinellas 
Pasco 
Polk 
Manatee 
Sarasota 
Hernando/Citrus 
Heartland 
Tampa Bay area 





Weather Alerts:
Full-sized radar
Current conditions
10-day Forecast
Hurricane Guide









Trending Now



Snooty, world's oldest captive manatee, dies in accident at Bradenton's South Florida Museum (w/video) 



Deputies: 54-year-old man running from vehicle burglary struck, killed by car 



Trailer for 'Star Trek Discovery' is dark and wonderful 



'Stranger Things' is coming back; here's the first trailer 



As training camp looms, Jameis Winston starts throwing 



Deputies: Tampa man killed after car strikes tree 


More headlines
















Comments




































































Weather Center









10Weather WTSP






Radar Images: 
Tampa Bay region
Brandon 
Central Tampa 
South Tampa 
New Tampa 
Northwest Hillsborough 
South Shore 
North Pinellas 
South Pinellas 
Pasco 
Polk 
Manatee 
Sarasota 
Hernando/Citrus 
Heartland 
Tampa Bay area 





Weather Alerts:
Full-sized radar
Current conditions
10-day Forecast
Hurricane Guide















Find a tbt* near you











MugShots

























Local News





      Feds: Clearwater man was driver of hot truck where 9 died in human smuggling case
    







      Deputies: Tampa man killed after car strikes tree
    







      Tampa-based makeup artist disqualified from contest over pro-Trump post
    







      Snooty, world's oldest captive manatee, dies in accident at Bradenton's South Florida Museum (w/video)
    







      Surviving the graveyard shift: Convenience store work is fraught with anxiety
    





















 








































 




McDonald’s product mix: Introducing healthy items, or still a death trap for consumers? - Market Realist































































 


 

X





Welcome to Market Realist
Thank you for registering.


















<



















						Global ETF Analysis					

Global Equity ETFs
, 
Exchanged Traded Funds
, 
European Equity ETFs
, 
Emerging Markets
, 
Country ETFs

Income ETF Analysis
Real Estate Investment Trusts
, 
Master Limited Partnerships
, 
Fixed Income ETFs




						Sector Analysis					

Basic Materials
, 
Consumer Discretionary
, 
Consumer Staples
, 
Energy and Power
, 
Financials
, 
Healthcare
, 
Industrials
, 
Real Estate
, 
Tech, Media, and Telecom
, 
Utilities

Active Management
Mutual Funds
, 
Hedge Funds
, 
Closed-end Funds

Profile
Login
, 

About
About Us






















Understanding McDonald's: Comprehensive company primer and profitability analysis




		PART:
		
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21

 





Part 8
















		Understanding McDonald's: Comprehensive company primer and profitability analysis PART 8 OF 21


McDonald’s product mix: Introducing healthy items, or still a death trap for consumers?


By Samantha Nielson  

					


					 |
				

				Dec 27, 2013				12:00 pm EDT            










According to EndAllDisease.com, “Every mouthful of McDonalds contains a handful of chemicals that raise ‘bad’ cholesterol levels, increase diabetes risk, lower immunity, and damage DNA.” Specific ingredients that can cause these issues include trans-fats, petro-chemicals, high levels of sugars, and artificial sweeteners. You can find a table of McDonald’s nutrition facts here.











Interested in YUM?
				Don't miss the next report.
			

Sign Up


				Receive e-mail alerts for new research on YUM




Success! 
			You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new  research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address.
		

Success! 
 has been added to your Ticker Alerts.
		

Success! 
 has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.
		


Despite health-related controversy, McDonald’s restaurants offer a substantially uniform menu, although there are geographic variations to suit local consumer preferences and tastes. Plus, McDonald’s tests new products on an ongoing basis.



McDonald’s menu includes hamburgers and cheeseburgers, the Big Mac, Quarter Pounder with Cheese, and Filet-O-Fish, several chicken sandwiches, Chicken McNuggets, Snack Wraps, French fries, salads, oatmeal, shakes, McFlurry desserts, sundaes, soft-serve cones, pies, soft drinks, coffee, McCafé beverages, and other beverages. Also, the restaurants sell a variety of other products during limited-time promotions. The company offers the McRib sandwich on a seasonal basis, which adds to the company’s appeal.
McDonald’s restaurants in the U.S. and many international markets offer a full or limited breakfast menu. Breakfast offerings may include the Egg McMuffin or Sausage McMuffin with Egg, McGriddles, biscuit and bagel sandwiches, and hotcakes.
Unique international menu items
In Asia, many McDonald’s branded restaurants also serve soups. In India, lamb often replaces beef in burgers due to the religious prohibition of beef consumption. In Indonesia and Singapore, menu items include McRice and Ebi (prawn or shrimp). In Germany and Western Europe, McDonald’s serves higher-margin products like beer. In New Zealand, the company’s restaurants serve a local favorite, meat pies!
So, although McDonald’s menu items may not be the healthiest, the company works very hard to adjust its menu to the tastes of its consumers. In recent years, the company has included lower-calorie salads, fruits, and wraps to its menus.








In Saudi Arabia, the McArabia is a common menu item, which consists of a grilled chicken or grilled kofta in pita bread.









 





			Consumer Discretionary Performance
		

{"metrics":["Open"],"tickers":["XLY","YUM","WEN","MCD","CMG","BKW"],"ticker_names":["Consumer Discretionary SPDR (ETF)","Yum! Brands, Inc.","The Wendy's Company","McDonald's Corporation","Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.","Burger King Worldwide Inc"]}





 






 

























X


Please select a profession that best describes you:


Individual Investor
Business Executive
Wirehouse


Financial Advisor
RIA
Institutional Investor




For Market Realist updates, enter your email below






Submit





Thank you!






 










			Follow us on Twitter
		






















 







 


























McDonald's: Burgers, Fries & More. Quality Ingredients.














{{tmplFields.popuptitle}}
{{tmplFields.popupsubtitle}}























{{tmplFields.popupbutton}}














{{notification.msg}}



{{notification.msg}}



















 

















 














{{data.eyetitle}}{{data.title}}{{data.description}}{{data.eyetitle}}{{data.title}}{{data.description}}


{{data.linkText}}




{{data.disclaimer}}








 Previous 
 Next 




























Join ourEMAIL LISTFor news, promotions, and more delivered right to your inbox.















Submit






Already on our list? Update your profile.
                      
 *By clicking "Submit" you agree to receive emails, promotions, and general messages from McDonald's. In addition, you also agree to the McDonald’s Privacy Statement and Terms & Conditions.













You’re In!
Thanks for signing up! 


Complete Your Profile





















DEALS
are waiting for you in the app

DOWNLOAD OUR APP


























Explore our 
NUTRITION FACTS


SEE NUTRITION DETAILS




















SUMMER DEALS
are a tap away in our App
VIEW DEALS




























Follow. Post. Connect.
























JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
               For news, promotions, and more delivered right to your inbox.
            















Submit





*By clicking "Submit" you agree to receive emails, promotions, and general messages from McDonald's. In addition, you also agree to the McDonald’s Privacy Statement and Terms & Conditions.

 Already on our list? Update your profile 



You’re In!
               Thanks for signing up! 
Complete Your Profile





Update Your Profile
				 Hello ! This is the info we have for you. Feel free to change it any time you like.
			






Name:




Email:




Spanish:






Birthday:
 



Password:
••••••••



Address:

edit






Update your profile 











JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
			 For news, promotions, and more delivered right to your inbox.
	  






 








Submit





*By clicking "Submit" you agree to receive emails, promotions, and general messages from McDonald's. In addition, you also agree to the McDonald’s Privacy Statement and Terms & Conditions.
 Already on our list?
		Update your profile





You’re In!
			 Thanks for signing up! 
Complete Your Profile





Update Your Profile
         Hello ! This is the info we have for you. Feel free to change it any time you like.
      






Name:




Email:




Spanish:






Birthday:
 



Password:
••••••••



Address:

edit






Update your profile 






























Please select a location below:




 {{location.formattedAddress}} 






















Mcdonalds Locations & Hours Near Wesley Chapel, NC - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeWesley Chapel, NCMcdonaldsWesley Chapel, NC McdonaldsAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection1. McDonald's14522 W Lawyers RdMatthews, NC 28104(704) 882-4182Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection2. McDonald's5925 Weddington RoadMatthews, NC 28104(704) 821-1048Fast Food RestaurantsRestaurantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection3. McDonald's(1)6501 Old Monroe RdIndian Trail, NC 28079(704) 226-9436Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuI purchased 2 mcgriddle sandwiches, 2 hash browns, tea, ice cream on sunday  about 7:30 p.m.    mcgriddles were without any sausage, egg or cheese w…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection4. McDonald's(1)4405 Potter RdMatthews, NC 28104(704) 821-6784Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMcDonalds is Mcdonalds and this one is no exception. The food is fine for fast food and Mockey D's fries are the best around. This specific location…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection5. McDonald's303 Unionville Indian Trail Rd WIndian Trail, NC 28079(704) 893-2899Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuFrom Business: Founded in 1955, McDonald s is a global food service retailer that operates more than 30,000 locations in over 100 countries. The restaurant serves various shakes…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection6. McDonald's2406 W Roosevelt BlvdMonroe, NC 28110(704) 292-7872Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuFrom Business: Founded in 1948, McDonald's is one of the leading full-service retailers in the world. Based in Monroe, N.C., the firm offers a selection of burgers, sandwiches, …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection7. McDonald's2532 Cuthbertson RdWaxhaw, NC 28173(704) 843-1400Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuFrom Business: Operational since 1948, McDonald's Corp. is one of the leading global food-service retailers in the world. Its varied menu items include burgers, sandwiches, chic…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection8. McDonald's1101 W Roosevelt BlvdMonroe, NC 28110(704) 289-4978Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuFrom Business: McDonald s is a global food service retailer that operates more than 30,000 locations in over 100 countries. The restaurant serves various shakes, hamburgers, gri…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection9. McDonald's9607 E Independence BlvdMatthews, NC 28105(704) 847-0650Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection10. McDonald's(1)10108 Charlotte HwyFort Mill, SC 29707(803) 547-0049Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuDon't go there. They don't care how to make the food. Never ever trust that place people lazy,slow and need better cooks their. My family never have…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection11. McDonald's3315 Pineville Matthews RdCharlotte, NC 28226(704) 543-8279Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection12. McDonald's(1)1620 Sardis Rd NCharlotte, NC 28270(704) 844-9707Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuOK, it's a McDonalds, but as far as they go, this one does take a little extra care to make sure you have a clean place to sit down and eat.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection13. McDonald's1830 Galleria BlvdCharlotte, NC 28270(704) 321-2333Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection14. McDonald's(1)4003 Highway 74 EWingate, NC 28174(704) 233-1700Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuThis is worst McDonalds Ever. Absolutely no customer services and very ugly employees..  Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection15. McDonald'sBBB Rating: A8824 Pineville Matthews RdCharlotte, NC 28226(704) 541-0063Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuFrom Business: Founded in 1955, McDonald s is a global food service retailer that operates more than 30,000 locations in over 100 countries. The restaurant serves various shakes…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection16. McDonald's(1)6301 Albemarle RdCharlotte, NC 28212(704) 535-5355Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuYour review  Horrible service ‎ - ‎ - Today Since I work so close to this location, on my 15 minute break I went to this location for a cup of coffe…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection17. McDonald's(1)1035 N Wendover RdCharlotte, NC 28211(704) 362-3748Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuPotentially the worst McDonalds out there. Unprofessional staff on most visits, horseplay, far too many errors on orders. At times the lobby is filt…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection18. McDonald's7721 Pineville Matthews RdCharlotte, NC 28226(704) 544-5711Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection19. McDonald's(1)6428 Fairview RdCharlotte, NC 28210(704) 362-0676Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuThe nicest and fastest service in Southpark! Love the pancakes and hash browns! FAST DRIVE THRU!!! Prices are standard....Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection20. McDonald's(1)9505 South BlvdCharlotte, NC 28273(704) 554-9144Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuThis place is pretty fast and accurate. Staff could be better.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection21. McDonald's9150 Lawyers RdMint Hill, NC 28227(704) 545-6210Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection22. McDonald's8560 Park RdCharlotte, NC 28210(704) 553-3738Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection23. McDonald's(1)1998 Dave Lyle BlvdRock Hill, SC 29730(803) 909-7090Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection24. McDonald's(1)2883 Highway 160 WFort Mill, SC 29708(803) 548-1066Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuI went through drive thru one nite.  it wasn't busy. guy that took my order and money was nice. the girl that handed my food to me was talking to so…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection25. McDonald's(1)BBB Rating: A+2625 South BlvdCharlotte, NC 28209(704) 523-7391Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuManager called me a liar, then owner promised to "have a conversation."That's the level of interaction and professionalism you can expect at this lo…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection26. McDonald's200 Hawthorne LnCharlotte, NC 28204(704) 384-8200Fast Food RestaurantsRestaurantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection27. McDonald's(1)5800 E W T Harris BlvdCharlotte, NC 28215(704) 567-9433Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuPoorest customer service.  It is like a war zone.  Customers cursing, loud, threatening.  The General Manager simply nods and agrees with this crimi…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection28. McDonald's3490 Highway 21 BypFort Mill, SC 29715(803) 547-8844Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuFrom Business: Operational since 1948, McDonald's Corp. is one of the leading global food-service retailers in the world. Its varied menu items include burgers, sandwiches, chic…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection29. McDonald's413 Tyvola RdCharlotte, NC 28217(704) 523-2779Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection30. McDonald's(3)4440 S Tryon StCharlotte, NC 28217(704) 523-6334Fast Food RestaurantsWebsiteMenuAfter a terrible experience at a different area McDonalds where the manager called me a liar, I drove to this location believing it was owned by the…Sponsored LinksShowing1-30
of 80results123NextMap ViewSponsoredDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
 Product Development Strategy for McDonald's | Chron.com              Skip to main content.  Product Development Strategy for McDonald's  by Wendel Clark        Getting baked goods to consumers is a long process. Jupiterimages/Pixland/Getty Images   Related Articles  1 [Product Development Strategy] | Examples of Product Development Strategy 2 [Penetration Strategies] | Examples of Penetration Strategies 3 [Product Development Strategy Definition] | Product Development Strategy Definition 4 [Business Diversification] | Examples of Business Diversification    When you are running a small business, it is easy to look at chains like McDonald's with disdain, but there is a lot that you can learn from their success. Part of the success enjoyed by McDonald's stems from their product development strategy. By familiarizing yourself with the way McDonald's develops products, you can apply the same methods to your own products whether they are food products or other consumer goods.        Permanent Product Strategy McDonald's features several products on their menu that are permanent and do not change. Examples of this include their basic hamburger and cheeseburger, the Big Mac and the Quarter Pounder. After the initial development, these items remain on the menu for extended periods of time without undergoing significant changes. This strategy ensures that there is always something familiar for consumers on the menu. Temporary Product Strategy In addition to its permanent product offerings, McDonald's regularly develops temporary products. The McRib, for example, is a product that is offered only seasonally. The Big Ocean burger is an example of a burger that was developed as a temporary product, offered only for a few months in 2007. The purpose of this product development strategy is to give customers something new to experience on each visit and to experiment with new items that may become permanent. Local Product Development Strategy As McDonald's has expanded internationally, it has created several products to meet consumer demand in the local markets. In the Netherlands, for example, they have developed the McKroket, a burger featuring a typically Dutch kroket, a deep-fried, ragout-filled patty. In the Canadian province of Quebec, McDonald's offers poutine, a traditional dish of french fries, gravy and curd cheese. Even in parts of New England and Atlantic Canada, they have developed the McLobster, their version of the local lobster roll sandwich. This strategy ensures that local customers have foods to fit their tastes. Local Adaptation Strategy In addition to developing new products for local markets, McDonald's will also use an adaptation strategy whereby they take a product and modify it to fit local tastes. In India, for instance, the Big Mac has been modified into the Maharaja Mac which contains no beef, in keeping with local diets. In Greece, the Big Mac has been adapted to use a pita bread instead of a bun. Even the McLobster has been adapted to the McCrab in some U.S. markets where crab is a common food.              References (4)   One Stop Global: Brand and Product Localization: McDonald's McItaly BurgerThrifter; Mcdonald's Strange Menu Around the World ; Beatrice Adams; September 2007"Grinding it Out: The Making of McDonald's"; Ray Kroc et al.; 1992"McDonald's: Behind the Arches"; John F. Love; 2008   About the Author Wendel Clark began writing in 2006, with work published in academic journals such as "Babel" and "The Podium." He has worked in the field of management and is completing his master's degree in strategic management.   Photo Credits  Jupiterimages/Pixland/Getty Images    Suggest an Article Correction      Related Searches           More Articles    [Market Development vs. Market Penetration] | Market Development vs. Market Penetration    [Product Diversification Strategy] | Product Diversification Strategy    [Backward Vertical Integration Strategies] | Examples of Backward Vertical Integration Strategies    [Forward Integration] | Example of a Company's Forward Integration          Also Viewed  [New Product Development Process] | Five Phases of the New Product Development Process [Product Strategies] | Product Strategies for Restaurants [Product Development Strategy] | The Benefits & Risks of a Product Development Strategy [Product Development] | 7 Steps of Product Development [New Product Development] | New Product Development and Introduction [Liquidation Strategies] | Divestiture & Liquidation Strategies [Growth Strategies] | Growth Strategies in Business             


Wesley Mcdonald's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo






















































CONTACT US



{{vm.userEmail}}








{{dropdown_item.text}}













{{dropdown_item.text}}






{{dropdown_item.text | uppercase}}




















{{search_results_type}}
Results








Recent



{{history.title}}




Example Searches



John Smith



email@example.com



123 Main St, Pasadena, CA



(626) 555-5555



John Smith, Pasadena, CA






Search filters




First Name



Middle Name



Last Name





Age


{{ages}}
+






State


All States




City





Phone number



Email address





Relative First name



Relative Last name





SEARCH










Show Basic Search




Show Advanced Search



























 












Browse locationsAlabama(15)Arkansas(3)California(21)Colorado(2)District of Columbia(2)Florida(22)Georgia(13)Illinois(3)Indiana(5)Iowa(8)SHOW ALL 38 LOCATIONS







No results found for {{vm.NameSearch.search.display_name}}
with your specific filters:
{{filter}}
Try a more general search, or view similar matches below.






Home








People








Last Name (M)








Wesley Mcdonald






Wesley Mcdonald220 people named Wesley Mcdonald found in Texas, Florida and 36 other states. Click a state below to find Wesley more easily.



Browse locationsAlabama(15)Arkansas(3)California(21)Colorado(2)District of Columbia(2)Florida(22)Georgia(13)Illinois(3)Indiana(5)Iowa(8)SHOW ALL 38 LOCATIONS










Person


Wesley
J
Mcdonald, age 57

Jack Mcdonald
Wes Mcdonald


Locations

Ormond Beach,
FL


Powder Springs,
GA


Atlanta,
GA


Tampa,
FL


Crescent City,
FL



Relatives

Debbie

Mcdonald


Jack

Mcdonald


Anna

Mcdonald


Pamela

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
M
Mcdonald, age 34

Wes Mcdonald


Locations

Bakersfield,
CA


Ethridge,
TN


Middleburg,
PA


Eight Mile,
AL


Fresno,
CA



Relatives

Cynthia

Donald


Douglas

Donald


Meggan

Donald


Zachary

Donald


Wesley

Donald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
O
Mcdonald, age 63



Locations

Jasper,
IN


West Baden Springs,
IN


Funkstown,
MD


Mercersburg,
PA


Danville,
PA



Relatives

Linda

Mcdonald


Sabra

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
A
Mcdonald, age 40

Wes Mcdonald


Locations

Athens,
TN


Madisonville,
TN


Tellico Plains,
TN



Relatives

Erin

Mcdonald


Debra

Mcdonald


Charles

Mcdonald


Shandy

Mcdonald


Justin

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
L
Mcdonald, age 92



Locations

Fort Myers,
FL


Arlington,
VA


Alexandria,
VA


Falls Church,
VA



Relatives

Gail

Mcdonald


Mary

Mcdonald


Ferguson

Mcdonald


Norma

Mcdonald


Ml

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
A
Mcdonald, age 31

Wes Mcdonald


Locations

Kennesaw,
GA


Acworth,
GA


Woodstock,
GA


Valdosta,
GA



Relatives

Laura

Mcdonald


Martine

Mcdonald


Micheal

Mcdonald


Juanita

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
M
Mcdonald, age 45

Torrance Mcdonald


Locations

Lewisville,
TX


Corpus Christi,
TX


Carrollton,
TX


Greeley,
CO


Albuquerque,
NM



Relatives

Philip

Donald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
W
Mcdonald, age 82

Truman Mcdonald
Mcdonald Mcdonald


Locations

Niceville,
FL


Caribou,
ME


Mars,
PA


Valparaiso,
FL


North Charleston,
SC



Relatives

Gloria

Mcdonald


Frances

Mcdonald


Merrill

Mcdonald


James

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
W
Mcdonald, age 42

Mark Mcdonald
Marcus Mcdonald


Locations

Ethridge,
TN


Penns Creek,
PA


Eight Mile,
AL


Summertown,
TN



Relatives

Wesley

Mcdonald


Daniel

Mcdonald


Joy

Mcdonald


Mark

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
M
Mcdonald, age 69

Ward Mcdonald
Wes Mcdonald


Locations

Winnsboro,
TX


Ashland,
KY


Forney,
TX



Relatives

Victoria

Mcdonald


Amanda

Mcdonald


Donna

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
P
Mcdonald, age 33



Locations

El Paso,
TX


Oak City,
NC


Whitakers,
NC



Relatives

Stephanie

Mcdonald


Allen

Mcdonald


Wesley

Mcdonald


Jill

Mcdonald


Veronica

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
J
Mcdonald, age 47

Wes Mcdonald


Locations

Toledo,
OH


Chicago,
IL


Northwood,
OH


Wayne,
OH



Relatives

Lisa

Harmon


Colleen

Harmon


Daniel

Harmon


Cameron

Harmon



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
M
Mcdonald, age 71

Paul Mcdonald


Locations

Austin,
TX


Houston,
TX



Relatives

Janel

Mcdonald


Bobbie

Mcdonald


Cecilia

Mcdonald


Natalie

Mcdonald


Steven

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
W
Mcdonald, age 49

Carl Mcdonald


Locations

Tickfaw,
LA


Albany,
LA



Relatives

Sheldon

Mcdonald


Mcdonald

Mcdonald


Dorothy

Mcdonald


Charles

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
M
Mcdonald, age 33

Floyd Mcdonald
Mcdonald Mcdonald


Locations

Mabank,
TX


Rusk,
TX


Galveston,
TX



Relatives

Bryan

Mcdonald


Rosa

Mcdonald


Heather

Mcdonald


John

Mcdonald


Alphia

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
J
Mcdonald, age 79

John Mcdonald


Locations

Saint Louis,
MO



Relatives

Mcdonald

Mcdonald


Derrick

Mcdonald


Hill

Mcdonald


Yurio

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
L
Mcdonald, age 26



Locations

Sapulpa,
OK


Valliant,
OK


Okmulgee,
OK



Relatives

Whitney

Mcdonald


Lindsey

Mcdonald


Carol

Mcdonald


Tyson

Mcdonald


James

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
W
Mcdonald, age 75



Locations

Gatesville,
TX



Relatives

Whittlei

Mcdonald


Megan

Mcdonald


Angela

Mcdonald


Cindi

Mcdonald


Gaddy

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
W
Mcdonald, age 48



Locations

Gatesville,
TX



Relatives

Whittlei

Mcdonald


Megan

Mcdonald


Angela

Mcdonald


Cindi

Mcdonald


Gaddy

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
A
Mcdonald, age 36



Locations

Murrieta,
CA


Temecula,
CA



Relatives

Michael

Mcdonald


Melanie

Mcdonald


Ashley

Mcdonald


Debra

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
V
Mcdonald, age 55



Locations

Nashville,
TN


Clarksville,
TN


Dunn,
NC



Relatives

Howard

Mcdonald


Gary

Mcdonald


S

Mcdonald


Alesia

Mcdonald


Adrian

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
E
Mcdonald, age 44

Wes Mcdonald


Locations

Lafayette,
LA


Lake Charles,
LA


Houston,
TX



Relatives

Phyllis

Mcdonald


David

Mcdonald


Timothy

Mcdonald


Alecia

Mcdonald


Denise

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
R
Mcdonald, age 83



Locations

Marietta,
GA


Fort Worth,
TX


Flushing,
MI


Norfolk,
MA



Relatives

Brett

Mcdonald


Amanda

Mcdonald


Norma

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley

Mcdonald, age 44



Locations

Houston,
TX



Relatives

Barbara

Mcdonald


Martie

Mcdonald


Bonnie

Mcdonald


Winston

Mcdonald


Valarie

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
A
Mcdonald, age 44



Locations

Athens,
TN


Madisonville,
TN


Tellico Plains,
TN



Relatives

Erin

Mcdonald


Debra

Mcdonald


Charles

Mcdonald


Justin

Mcdonald


Jill

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
K
Mcdonald, age 48

Kyle Mcdonald


Locations

Sylvester,
GA


Pearl,
MS


Brandon,
MS


Ridgeland,
MS



Relatives

Tanna

Mcdonald


Sharon

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
D
Mcdonald, age 40

Mcdonald Mcdonald


Locations

Stonewall,
LA


Gloster,
LA


Grand Cane,
LA


Mansfield,
LA



Relatives

Bessie

Mcdonald


Janell

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
W
Mcdonald, age 25

Alan Mcdonald
Mcdonald Mcdonald


Locations

New Port Richey,
FL


Oldsmar,
FL


Palm Harbor,
FL


Saint Johns,
FL



Relatives

Donald

Donald


David

Donald


Brianna

Donald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
J
Mcdonald, age 26



Locations

Saint Johns,
FL



Relatives

Mcdonald

Mcdonald


Devyn

Mcdonald


Dorothy

Mcdonald


Michael

Mcdonald


Wanda

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Wesley
M
Mcdonald


Juwesley Mcdonald
John Mcdonald


Locations

Spring Hill,
FL


Roscommon,
MI


Higgins Lake,
MI


Hudson,
FL


Bloomfield Hills,
MI



Relatives

Elizabeth

Mcdonald


Dale

Mcdonald


Dennis

Mcdonald


Krista

Mcdonald


Mary

Mcdonald



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Statistics for all
220
Wesley Mcdonald results:



54 yrs
Average age
21% are in their 50s, while the average age is 54.


$63k
average income
Our wealth data indicates income average is $63k.


99%
Caucasian
Our ethnicity data indicates the majority is Caucasian.


50%
Married
50% of these people are married, and 50% are single.





Business Records related to Wesley Mcdonald:




Wesley Mcdonald


Title:
Pastor


Company:
Lake Region Conference


CoWorkers:
Philip Willis, Bill Fisher, Jerome Davis, Yanina Jimenez, Pamela Daly




Wesley Mcdonald


Title:
Network Administrator


Company:
Luis Used Furniture Store


CoWorkers:
Luis Quinones




Wesley Mcdonald


Title:
Professor


Company:
Elizabethtown College


CoWorkers:
Annmarie Knecht Potter, Maggie Flynn, Jacob Moyer, Kelly Frace, Phyllis Drackley






Famous People with the name Wesley Mcdonald:







Wesley L. McDonald


Famous Person


Wesley L. McDonald was a United States Navy four-star admiral and naval aviator. He led the first air strike against North Vietnam after the Gulf of Tonkin incident and was the commander in charge of Operation Urgent Fury, the invasion of Grenada to rescue U.S. citizens. He died on February 8, 2009 in Arlington, Virginia.






Facebook

Twitter

Google Plus

YouTube

LinkedIn



About
Careers
Affiliates
Blog
Privacy
Terms
Contact
FAQs

More



People Search
email lookup
reverse phone lookup
ADDRESS LOOKUP
DIRECTORY



Spokeo is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to make decisions about employment, tenant screening, or any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Copyright © 2006-2017 Spokeo, Inc.





















