






	WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES Trademark of McElroy, David E.. Serial Number: 75670030 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Paper Goods and Printed Material
WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES










 
Get FREE email alerts













WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES  Trademark Information
 McElroy, David E.
Printed correspondence course materials in the field of bible study, handbooks and printed teaching materials in the field of religious study




Perfect for these industries

Paper Goods and Printed Material





Words that describe this mark
printed   correspondence   course   materials   field   bible   study      handbooks   printed   teaching   materials   field   religious   study    
                                    




This is a brand page for the WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES trademark by McElroy, David E. 
                                in Watsonville, , 95076.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner McElroy, David E. of the WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES trademark.
                           






On Monday, March 29, 1999,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES by 
                        McElroy, David E., Watsonville 95076.
                        The USPTO has given the WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES 
                        trademark serial  number of  75670030.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES is 
                        
                        
                                            RICHARD A. RYAN of 
                                            8455 N. MILLBROOK, SUITE 110,  FRESNO, CALIFORNIA 93720,  
                                .
                            The WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Paper Goods and Printed Material
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES 
                            is Printed correspondence course materials in the field of bible study, handbooks and printed teaching materials in the field of religious study. 
                            





Word mark:
 WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

4/28/2007



  Serial Number:  
75670030


  Filing Date:  
3/29/1999


 Registration Number:  
2370565 


 Registration Date:  
7/25/2000


 Goods and Services: 
Printed correspondence course materials in the field of bible study, handbooks and printed teaching materials in the field of religious study


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/2/2000


Last Applicant/Owner:

McElroy, David E.Watsonville 95076
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("WORLD" AND "MINISTRIES")


 Correspondent:


RICHARD A. RYAN
8455 N. MILLBROOK, SUITE 110
FRESNO, CALIFORNIA 93720







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (016) - Paper, cardboard and goods made from these materials, not included in other classes; printed matter; bookbinding material; photographs; stationery; adhesives for stationery or household purposes; artists' materials; paint brushes; typewriters and office requisites (except furniture); instructional and teaching material (except apparatus); plastic materials for packaging (not included in other classes); printers' type; printing blocks.


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/1983


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/1983





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/28/2007
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



RICHARD A. RYAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search worldchristianshipmi on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES 




WORLD CHRISTIANSHIP MINISTRIES is providing Printed correspondence course materials in the field of bible study, handbooks and printed teaching materials in the field of religious study.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















David McElroy





          

 






          
          









                    David McElroy - Resume
                    














Download this resume as PDF










 

          



        SKILLS
        




          






    
Project Management


    
Inventory Control Management


    
Production Planning / Scheduling


    
Accounting & Bookkeeping functions


    
Strong verbal and written communication skills


    
Strong attention to detail


    
Strong organization / innovation skills


    
Proactive nature


    
Great People skills; polite and personable disposition



   

              With Advanced Expertise in:
              

    
    
Access Database / Query design


    
    
 Access GUI & Report design


    
    
 Access and Excel VBA Programming


    
    
 Excel Workbook design


    
    
 Active Directory


    
    
 Exchange Server


    
    
 Domain / Website Management


    
    
 ASP / HTML Web application design








          
 


          



        PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
        






          
 


          



Business Systems Analyst - Connolly Healthcare, Conshohocken, PA (Oct '12 - Present)
        



          


Support Recovery Auditing efforts through Access and SQL Server development.
        




          
 


          



Inventory Manager / Programmer - Synergy Orthopedics, Inc., Plymouth Meeting, PA (Aug '09 - Oct '12)
        



          


Developed, designed, and programmed complete Order Entry / Inventory Management System.
          

 
 

Barcode scanning process, posting to Purchase Order
                Email POs to vendors
                Purchase / Usage history reporting
              


Developed Stock Scanning program for Inventory counting, interfacing with OE/IM System.
        Maintain Inventory levels at 70 locations, reorder from POS transactions
        Investigate new product lines and set up vendor accounts for acquisition
        Provide Sales / Inventory Control reporting to upper management
        



          


Developed  database programs for Inventory Control - Product Count Scanning, Usage Tracking, and Reordering
        




          
 


          



Self-Employed Access Db Developer - AccessDbDevelopers.com , Southeastern, PA  (Aug '06 - Present)
        



          


        Designed, developed and maintained custom client software applications in many areas, including:, 
          

 
 

 Inventory Control 
                 Order Entry / Fulfillment
                 Sales / Commission Reporting & Tracking
                 Production Labeling / Bar Coding / USPS Sorting
                 Medical Claim Filing / Tracking
                 Text / Excel Importing and Parsing
              






          
 


          



Programmer / Production Manager - Resource Data Products, Lititz, PA (Jan '08 - Mar '09)
        



          


Directed the operations of production, assembly, and shrink-wrap production line for high volume CD and DVD duplication and fulfillment.
        



          


Developed Quality Manual and procedures for ISO 9000 orientated Quality Assurance department.
        



          


Devised strategies and policies to ensure that production objectives were met.
      


          


Provided Technical Support via telephone and email for the HexaLock Data Encryption system:  www.hexalock.com
      


          


Developed Access database software for:
          

 
 

 serializing and barcoding Item, Bundle, Carton, Pallet for packaging & shipping
                 USPS mail tray sorting
                 manufacturing and maintenance reporting
                 customer service logging for supervision and billing
              






          
 


          



Programmer / Office Assistant -  Total Orthopedics Inc, Littleton, CO (Aug '06 - Oct '07)
        



          


Designed Database program for post-surgery pain management product fulfillment, patient information entry for filing insurance claims, with ICD-9 diagnosis code lookup, AOB aging, product usage and reimbursement, and Medicare reports.
      


          


Performed daily sales report generation, design and generated 'Cognos' (OLAP) Cube reports, and worked with the President to coordinate inbound report requirements from sales staff
        



          


Coordinated arthroplastic implant surgery POs from hospitals to facilitate billing.
        



          


Designed Internet Web Application for online surgery scheduling.
        



          


Designed websites for several associated companies
        



          
 


          



Programmer/ Office Manager - Great Lakes Circulation, Evergreen, CO (Aug '03 - June '06)
        



          


Designed complimentary Order Entry, and Field Sales Commission database programs in MS Access, which interface with data in MS SQL Server and MS Excel, executes automated email processing through MS Outlook, accepts orders from internet connected data entry stations, and encrypts credit card numbers for security.
        



          


Managed daily operations of Sales Office / Order Entry Center - managing staff, inventory and ordering, receiving, Customer Service
        



          


Reconciled Bank Accounts to Checking in QuickBooks financial software
        



          


Performed printer installations and maintenance, Vodavi® digital phone system programming, maintained office inventory, supervised Customer service employees.
        



          


Wrote procedures for Quality Control, Customer Service, Inventory Management.
        



          


Maintained Traveling Sales Staff's Inventory and organized supply distribution.
        



          
 


          



Database Programmer -  CT Incorporated / Ware Unlimited, Salunga, PA (April '99 - March '03)
        



          



Programming:
        
        MS Access Database Design, MS SQL Server 6.5, 7.0, MS Visual Basic 6.0 , HTML with ASP data presentation, FTP importing and exporting for live "online" data access.
        



          



Internet Facilities Support:
         
          Registered and maintained Domains, installed Secure Certificates, created and maintained IIS and DNS records, FTP and Mail services, "Hit Count" statistics reports.
        



          



Technical Writing:
        
         Wrote detailed procedures for daily and periodic functions, created User Manuals.
        



          



Customer Support:
        
        Assisted customers with technical difficulties related to software supported by CT Inc./Ware Unlimited, aided in proactive problem identification and avoidance with client systems and operations, secured and suggested value added sales of both hardware and software.
      


          
 


          



Sales Associate / Customer Service  -  Cyber Warehouse, Lancaster PA  (moonlighting  May '02 - June '04)
        




          


Computer and Peripheral Equipment Sales, Customer Assistance, Help Desk Support.
        



          
 


          



Installation Technician -  CS Electronic Systems Inc, Lititz PA (August '98 - April '99)
        




          


Installed and terminated Cat 3 (phone) and Cat 5 (data) wiring in commercial and residential settings.
        



          


Installed and terminated Fiber Optic Facility Links.
        



          


Installed and Programmed Vodavi ® Telephone Distribution Frame.
        



          


Installed Lightning Arrester systems.
        



          
 


          



Production Supervisor, Production Control Scheduler, Quality Control Metallurgical Technician - Penncast Corporation, Marietta PA (June '94 - August '98)
        




          


Production  Scheduler
        



          


'Core Department' Supervisor.
        



          


Melting, Molding, and Pouring Operations Supervisor in a Teamsters Union Steel Foundry.
        



          


Supervised and Trained 30 employees, enforcing Quality and Safety rules in working environment and personal behavior.
        



          


Scheduled and Supervised overtime Grinding and Finishing Operations.
        



          


Recorded Production against Master Schedule.
        



          


Designed MS Excel VBA Programming to automate Scheduling Functions, Inventory/Reorder systems.
        



          


Was responsible for calculating Induction Melting Furnace additions to conform 100 varieties of Stainless, Carbon, Manganese Steels and Nickel/Monel alloys to ASTM Specifications.
        



          


Operated, calibrated, and maintained Optical Emission Spectrometer in Metallurgy Lab for Chemical Analysis.
        



          


Maintained, and programmed Lab Computer - importing Spectrometer results and calculating Furnace alloy additions in "MS QuickBasic".
        



          


Created Procedures and quality-related policies for employees to ISO 9000 qualifications.
        



          


Performed Mechanical and Chemical Testing, Microscopic Imaging and Certification.
        



          
 


          



Journeyman Iron Molder / Journeyman Iron Melter -  Lancaster Malleable Castings Co., Lancaster PA (April '84 - June '94)
        




          








Journeyman Iron Molder (Jolt/Squeeze Floor)
                    





Journeyman Iron Melter (90 Ton Coal Air Furnace)
                    





 Air Furnace Repair Technician 
                    





Shell Core Maker.
                    





Pattern Maintenance Assistant
                    




          








          
&nbsp


          



        EDUCATION
        




          




	       Rosemont College, Rosemont, PA
            
     


     

	      B. S. Business Administration, Summa Cum Laude
            



	      Lancaster County Career & Technology Center
     


     

	      Certificate in Computer Hardware
            



	      Applied Learning Institute
     


     

	      Certificate in Industrial Metallurgy
            





          
&nbsp


          



        ADDITIONAL SKILLS
        




          

      In addition to the skills and software systems described above, I have intermediate to advanced knowledge in the following applications:
      


          



     

	      Microsoft Windows Vista, Server 2003, Server 2000, XP, ME, 2000, 3.1
            
     

	         



     

	      Microsoft SharePoint 2007 MOSS, WSS
            
     

	         



     

	      Microsoft Project 2007
            
     

	         



     

	      Microsoft Word 2007, 2002, 2000, 97
            
     

	         



     

	      Microsoft PowerPoint 2007, 2002
            
     

	         



     

	      Microsoft Publisher 2007, 2002
            
     

	         



     

	      Microsoft Outlook 2007, 2002, 2000
            
     

	         



     

	      Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, 6
            
     

	         



     

	      SAP Crystal Reports
            
     

	         



     

	      Adobe Dreamweaver CS3
            
     

	         



     

	      Adobe Photoshop 7, CS3
            
     

	         



     

	      Rimage Disk Duplication System 8
            
     

	         



     

              Eclipse Disk Replication System 5
            
     

	         



     

              HexaLock Disc Encryption System 4.7
            
     

	         



     

              FTP
            
     

	         



     

               
            
     

	         



     

               
            
     

	         



     

               
            
     

	         
Tim McElroy



     

               
            
     

	         
Zelia Zigler McElroy VonTress







SqlServerExecutionPlans.pdf




Mastering-PowerShell.pdf















David McElroy - IMDb













































































 










 
IMDb




More





All
Titles
TV Episodes
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots










Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes




MOVIES

In Theaters
Showtimes & Tickets
Latest Trailers
Coming Soon
Release Calendar
Top Rated Movies
Top Rated Indian Movies
Most Popular Movies

CHARTS & TRENDS

Box Office
Oscar Winners
Most Popular by Genre



TV & VIDEO

IMDb TV
On Tonight
Top Rated TV Shows
Most Popular TV Shows
Watch Now on Amazon
DVD & Blu-Ray

SPECIAL FEATURES

Amazon Originals
Streaming
Comic-Con
IMDb Picks
Superheroes







Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos




CELEBS

Born Today
Celebrity News
Most Popular Celebs

PHOTOS

Latest Stills
Latest Posters
Photos We Love



EVENTS

Awards Central
Oscars
Golden Globes
Sundance
Cannes
Comic-Con
Emmy Awards
Venice Film Festival
Toronto Film Festival
Festival Central
Tribeca
All Events







News &
Community





LATEST HEADLINES


 Joss Whedon Will Be A Major Part Of DC Films’ Creative Team, Zack Snyder May Take Smaller Role

3 hours ago


 James Cameron Considering a New ‘Terminator’ Trilogy

2 hours ago


 Damon Lindelof Uncertain About HBO’s ‘Watchmen’

1 hours ago





NEWS

Top News
Movie News
TV News
Celebrity News
Indie News

COMMUNITY

Contributor Zone
Polls







Watchlist




            YOUR WATCHLIST
    













 
 


 



The leading information resource for the entertainment industry
Find industry contacts & talent representation
Manage your photos, credits, & more
Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
Go to IMDbPro


|

Help


 

 

 










Sign in with Facebook
Other Sign in options










 








 














 







STARmeter
SEE RANK


Up
13,148
this week


View rank on IMDbPro
»



 David McElroy
(II)


 
Producer |
 
Director |
 
Writer



View Resume
| Official Photos
        »

            Contribute to IMDb. Add a bio, trivia, and more.
Update information for David McElroy »





More at IMDbPro »
 Contact Info:
 View company

 Represent David McElroy? Add contact information







3 news articles »                















 


ad feedback




Quick Links

 


Biography




Awards




Photo Gallery




 


Filmography (by Job)




Trailers and Videos







Filmography



by Year




by Job




by Ratings




by Votes




by Genre




by Keyword



Personal Details



Biography




Other Works




Publicity Listings




Official Sites




Contact Info (IMDbPro)



Did You Know?



Personal Quotes




Trivia 




Trademark



Photo & Video



Photo Gallery




Trailers and Videos



Opinion



Awards



Related Items



Credited With




NewsDesk




External Sites



Professional Services



Promote yourself with a resume




Add or change photos




Get more at IMDbPro





Explore More
Show Less






   Backlash? Steven Moffat and Peter Capaldi on the Casting of First Female Doctor                         Steven Moffat and Peter Capaldi talk about the fan reaction to Jodie Whittaker as the first female Doctor. This and more in our Guide to Comic-Con. Watch the video 






David McElroy on Twitter











Share this page:
















   Comic-Con Panel Photos                       Check out all the action from the star-studded panels at San Diego Comic-Con. View more panel photos 






 






Related News


Take Your Meds' in this Zombific Trailer for After Effect



                                  8 October 2013 3:00 AM, -08:00
                                
|
28 Days Later Analysis





Feel the Zombie-Laden After Effect of These Two Clips



                                  7 October 2013 7:30 AM, -08:00
                                
|
DreadCentral.com





Daniel Baldwin Feels the After Effect of a Zombie Invasion



                                  3 October 2013 11:03 AM, -08:00
                                
|
DreadCentral.com




See all 3 related articles »
            









  Around The Web  |  Powered by ZergNet        






On Amazon Video



Watch Now


 After Effect
 



See more on Amazon Video »
                










Do you have a demo reel?
Add it to your IMDbPage









Find out more at IMDb Pro »
        






Connect with IMDb









How Much Have You Seen?
How much of David McElroy's work have you seen?





User Polls


 It's The Subway Rush Hour

 Most Anticipated Sequel of 2017

 Movie wo/man in a mask

 Favorite Marvel Studios Live-Action TV Series

 Most interesting sequel title?

 Most Anticipated 2017 Horror Movie

See more polls »







 








Known For


 
 
The White Death
Producer




 
 
The Z Team
Director




 
 
Swan Song
Producer

(2015)


 
 
After Effect
Producer

(2013)











 Show all


 Hide all

 | 


Show by...
Job
Year »
Rating »
Number of Ratings »
Genre »
Keyword »


 | 
 Edit
 
Filmography

Jump to:
Producer
| Director
| Writer
| Special effects
| Editor
| Sound department
| Miscellaneous Crew
| Thanks



Hide 
Show 
Producer (6 credits)




 

Men of Granite
(producer) (pre-production)




 

The White Death
(producer) (announced)




 2015/I

Swan Song
(Short) (executive producer)




 2013

After Effect
(producer)




 2009

Bicycle Dreams
(Documentary) (co-producer)




 2004

Close, But Not Touching
(Video documentary short) (producer)




Hide 
Show 
Director (6 credits)




 

The White Death
(announced)




 

The Z Team
(announced)




 2016/VI

A Love Story
(Short)




 2015/I

Swan Song
(Short)




 2014

Faded
(Short)




 2013

After Effect




Hide 
Show 
Writer (4 credits)




 

The Z Team
(announced)




 2016/VI

A Love Story
(Short)




 2014

Faded
(Short)




 2013

After Effect
(written by)




Hide 
Show 
Special effects (3 credits)




 2004

Resident Evil: Apocalypse
(production assistant - uncredited)




 2004

The Punisher
(production assistant - uncredited)




 2004

Hellboy
(production assistant - uncredited)




Hide 
Show 
Editor (2 credits)




 2015/I

Swan Song
(Short)




 2013

After Effect




Hide 
Show 
Sound department (1 credit)




 2006

Life Is Short
(Short) (boom operator)




Hide 
Show 
Miscellaneous Crew (1 credit)




 2007

Kathy Griffin: Straight to Hell
(TV Special documentary) (assistant to producers)




Hide 
Show 
Thanks (1 credit)




 2017

Bite to the Future
(Documentary) (special thanks) (filming)



 







 Edit
 
Personal Details

Official Sites:
Methodical Productions








Getting Started
|
Contributor Zone »
Contribute to This Page




Edit page









   IMDb's Comic-Con 2017 Guide    Check out IMDb's 2017 Comic-Con Guide for the latest celebrity interviews, event coverage, cosplay photos, and more.                  Meet the Characters of Black Panther                   Chris Hemsworth and Taika Waititi Are Excited About Thor: Ragnarok           Browse Our Guide to Comic-Con 










 





 






IMDb Everywhere

 

 

 


Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
IMDb Mobile site




      Follow IMDb on
      
 

 

 









Home
Top Rated Movies
Box Office
TV
Coming Soon
Site Index
Search
In Theaters




Contact Us
 Register

News

Press Room
Advertising
Jobs




IMDbPro
 Box Office Mojo

 Withoutabox


Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
 Interest-Based Ads










Copyright © 1990-2017
                IMDb.com, Inc.


                An Amazon.com company.
            




                Amazon Affiliates
            





Amazon Video
Watch Movies &TV Online






Prime Video
Unlimited Streamingof Movies & TV






Amazon Germany
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon Italy
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon France
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon India
Buy Movie andTV Show DVDs






DPReview
DigitalPhotography






Audible
DownloadAudio Books












































Metal Roof, Panel & Siding Products | McElroy Metal





































Contact Us





 Search 










 Menu
















Our Products






Categories

McElroy Metal supplies a broad range of roofing products, all of which are constructed from top-of-the-line materials and are of the highest quality. Our products also deliver many benefits, ensuring you'll be better equipped to get any roofing job done right the first time, every time.
Here's a closer look at our entire product line.







							EXPOSED FASTENER PANELS						





5V-Crimp


Max-Rib


Mega-Rib


Mesa


Mini-Rib


Multi-Cor & M-Cor


Multi-Rib


Multi-V


R-Panel


U-Panel









							STANDING SEAM SYSTEMS						





138T & 238T


Instaloc


MasterLok-90/MasterLok-FS


Maxima


Medallion I/Medallion II


Medallion-Lok


Meridian


Mirage/Mirage II









							RETROFIT SYSTEMS						





138T Shingle Recover


238T Metal-Over-Metal Recover


Low Slope to Steep Slope


Transverse Skylight









							CONCEALED FASTENER WALL PANELS						





MSR


Wave Panel









							SOFFIT PANELS						





FW Panel


Marquee-Lok/Marquee II


Matrix









							CANOPY PANELS						





MCP









							SLIT COIL & FLAT SHEETS						





Slit Coil & Flat Sheets









							SPECIALTY ROOFING PANELS						





Met-Tile


Milan (Steel Shingle)









							SUBSTRUCTURAL PRODUCTS						





Substructural Components









							CURVING SYSTEMS						





Curved Roofing Systems









							ONSITE ROLLFORMING						





Onsite Rollforming









							INSULATED METAL PANELS						





Green Span Profiles









Exposed Fastener Panels
Exposed fastener panels offer immense flexibility, because they can be used as exterior or interior walls. They offer outstanding wind load properties, which often ensures these panels can serve you well during both new construction and retrofit projects. Plus, exposed fastener panels will perform in all types of weather conditions, guaranteeing you won't have to worry about them breaking down in inclement weather.
Our exposed fastener panel products include:

5V-Crimp – Offers a 24" wide panel and features a classic design that will dazzle on any home. 5V-Crimp panels are also frequently installed as an interior liner or accent panel.
Max-Rib – Serves as a low-profile (3/4") panel designed for agricultural, commercial and residential applications.
Mega-Rib – Represents a 7.2 exposed fastener panel that is perfect for commercial and industrial applications.
Mesa – Features the Kynar 500® (PVDF) coating that offers long-lasting protection and gives the panel a one-of-a-kind appearance.
Mini-Rib – Provides an exposed fastener panel that is ideal for soffit, liner and fascia applications.
Multi-Cor & M-Cor – These corrugated metal panels can be installed as a wall, roof or interior accent panel.
Multi-Rib – Offers a multi-use roof and wall panel for pre-engineered metal building applications.
Multi-V – Provides an exposed fastener wall panel where fasteners can be placed in valleys to reduce its visibility.
R-Panel – Serves as multi-use wall and roof panels that offer a great option for pre-engineered metal building applications.
U-Panel – Provides an exposed fastener wall and roof panel that provides a low-profile and soft appearance and can be used as a liner panel or partition wall.

At McElroy Metal, we supply many exposed fastener panel options for a variety of project types. From our 5V-Crimp to our U-Panel exposed fastener panels, we'll make it easy for you to utilize exposed fastener panels for any project.
Standing Seam Systems
Standing seam systems are used for roofs ranging from a farm to a restaurant. These systems feature interlocking seams that connect panels, giving the roof a distinct appearance. Furthermore, standing seam systems are manufactured from high-end steel or aluminum for supreme quality.
Our standing seam systems include:

138T & 238T – These are symmetrical standing seam systems. They are easy to install and feature a watertight seam design and superb quality.
Instaloc – Offers a snap-together standing seam system that can be used with solid decking. It features a low-profile seam that makes Instaloc a wonderful choice for light commercial and residential applications.
MasterLok-90/MasterLok-FS – Designed for simple sloped roofs without dormers, hips or valleys.
Maxima – These are vertical leg standing seam systems that enable you to select a Maxima panel to match your style and performance needs.
Medallion I/Medallion II – feature separate batten caps that are installed over adjoining roofing panels.
Medallion-Lok – Boasts a narrow, 1.75"-tall standing seam, giving the seam a clean, modern look and feel.
Meridian – Requires no clips and features a a snap-together standing seam roof panel that is simple to install.
Mirage/Mirage II – Are concealed fastener roofing panels and are usually used in the mini-storage industry.

Ultimately, our standing seam systems are durable and weathertight, making them exceedingly valuable for many applications.
Retrofit Systems
Whether you need to complete a minor retrofit project or a completely overhaul a roof, there may be no better choice than our retrofit and recover systems. We'll ensure you can find a cost-effective and viable metal retrofit system to fit your needs at any time.
Our retrofit system offerings include:

138T Shingle Recover – Can be installed directly over existing shingles and delivers an energy-saving Above Sheathing Ventilation (ASV), making the system a terrific choice for both commercial and residential projects.
238T Metal-Over-Metal Recover – These feature a symmetrical 238T standing seam panel and are proven to last two to four times longer than single-ply recover.
Low Slope to Steep Slope – We offer retrofit assemblies that are easy to erect and are designed by our engineering staff, ensuring any low slope to steep slope retrofitting project can be completed successfully. 
Transverse Skylight – Can be set up over existing skylights or as a continuous light strip to help you illuminate a space with ease.

Our retrofit systems can empower you to take the guesswork out of a variety of residential or commercial projects. And if you ever have retrofit system concerns or questions along the way, we're always happy to respond to your queries, too.
Concealed Fastener Wall Panels
Concealed fastener wall panels deliver an unbeatable mix of form and function. They are used in many architectural applications, along with numerous commercial and residential projects.
Our concealed faster wall panel offerings include:

MSR – Serves as a concealed fastener wall panel with a bold profile. It's also built to last and offers a weathertight design.
Wave Panel – For projects where a textured wall design is needed without visible fasteners, our Wave Panel concealed fastener wall panel is ideal. The Wave Panel can be installed horizontally using hidden clips and fasteners to deliver aesthetically pleasing appearance.

In many cases, finding the right concealed fastener wall panels for a project can be extremely difficult. Fortunately, at McElroy Metal, we're here to help you find exactly what you need so you can complete any concealed fastener wall panel project quickly and effortlessly.
Soffit Panels
Soffit panels will cover the underside of the roof eaves and exterior porch ceilings. As such, they serve an important purpose, and only the best soffit panels will suffice for a project.
We supply many soffit panels, including:

FW Panel – Offers a 1 1/2" deep flush metal panel and is available in a number of panel configurations. It can be used for both horizontal and vertical applications.
Marquee-Lok/Marquee II – Designed to streamline the building process, our Marquee family of products will complement McElroy Metal roof and wall panels beautifully.
Matrix – Available in a variety of Kynar 500 colors, our Matrix soffit system will enable you to add a touch of sophistication and luxury to a commercial or residential project.

Soffit panels can make a world of difference, and we'll help you discover the benefits of soffit panels for any project, at any time.
Canopy Panels
For canopy installations, our McElroy Canopy Panel (MCP) represents a deluxe option because it's designed to meet the needs of canopy installations big and small.
Our MCP provides a great option for banks, convenience stores, drive-thru restaurants and other buildings that require an attractive and versatile canopy system. We even offer canopy panels in multiple sizes and with a Kynar 500 coating to ensure you can find one that will serve you well for an extended period of time.
Slit Coil & Flat Sheets
We offer a comprehensive slit coil and flat sheet program that provides quick lead-times in many areas around the country. Moreover, in many cases, our program provides less slit-coil drop.
Specialty Roofing Panels
Searching for specialty roofing panels for a commercial or residential project? Choose McElroy Metal, and we'll be happy to help you find the ideal specialty roofing panels.
Some of our specialty roofing panels include:
		
Met-Tile – Resembles ceramic tile roofing, yet offers all of the advantages of a metal roof. It's lightweight and energy-efficient, and because it replicates tile, many people are surprised after they find out a Met-Tile roof actually consists of metal.
Milan (Steel Shingle) – We offer eight Milan steel shingle Kynar 500 colors, along with Slate and Shake Kynar 500 Prints. That way, you can install specialty roofing panels that complement your personal style and allow you to revamp a building's appearance at the same time.

Also, we supply many custom options to meet the requirements of any build. To learn more about our custom options, please contact us today, and we'll be able to work with you to help you find the right specialty roofing panels so you can complete your project on schedule.
Substructural Products
We supply cold-formed substructural components for many applications, including:

Ground-mount solar arrays's
Mansard framing
Metal buildings
Retrofit roofing

Meanwhile, our large substructural component inventory features:

Angles
Cees
Channels
Eave struts
Hats
Sub-girts
Zees

Our substructural products provide unlimited design flexibility. They also ensure you won't have to sacrifice quality for style, as each of our products is manufactured from top-notch materials in multiple sizes and finishes.
Curving Systems
For those who can't get enough curves, we offer curved roofing systems that can be curved at the project site. This ensures we'll be able to provide you with a standing seam system that fits correctly, and you won't have to worry about the costs associated with transporting panels to your project site.
We offer five types of curved roofing systems:

Maxima 1.5
Maxima ADV
138T
238T
Medallion I

We also offer curving equipment for rent through Developmental Industries at mcelroyseamers.com. For more information about pricing and details, please contact your McElroy representative.
Onsite Rollforming
Our jobsite production equipment ensures you can rollform up to 200-foot-long panels onto a roof. These panels will enable you to minimize the need for jobsite labor, as well as create continuous-length panels that improve weathertightness. The use of our jobsite production equipment also provides greater flexibility, guaranteeing you won't be forced to revamp your designs based on limited manufacturing or delivery capabilities.
We offer onsite rollforming that is performed by our rollforming technicians. These professionals will bring rollforming equipment to your jobsite and complete all rollforming tasks.
The following McElroy Profiles can be rollformed on a jobsite at your convenience:

138T
238T
Maxima 2"
Maxima ADV

In addition, we supply rollforming production systems that include rollformers with lifting platforms. These systems can be moved to the roof or eave with jobsite forklifts that a customer provides.
At McElroy Metal, we make it easy for you to book an appointment to use our jobsite production equipment, too. 
If you need jobsite production equipment from us, we'll reserve the equipment for your projected installation dates. We'll ensure that a rollforming technician, your requested equipment and any materials are on-site as scheduled and will provide a detailed analysis of all applicable costs ahead of time. Therefore, you'll know exactly what to expect before we arrive.
For additional details about our onsite rollforming offerings, please contact your McElroy representative.
Insulated Metal Panels
We manufacture insulated metal panels (IMPs) as part of Green Span Profiles, a McElroy Metal Joint Venture company. Our IMPs include walls in thicknesses that ranges from 2" to 6", along with a 238T symmetrical seam roof panel that is available in thicknesses from 2 1/2" to 5".
All of our Green Span Profile panels are created using a poured-in-place manufacturing process that binds interior and exterior steel facing to a polyisocyanurate insulating foam core. This process ensures our Green Span Profile panels offer a number of benefits, including:

Multiple unique wall panel profiles
Unparalleled spanning capability
Rigid feel
Sleek, streamlined appearance
Fast, easy installation
Approximate R value of 8" per inch for first-rate insulation capabilities

We even use extensive testing to ensure our Green Span Profile IMPs will maintain their quality and appearance for years to come. Thus, you can use these IMPs for many commercial and residential applications and reap the benefits of these panels consistently.
Green Solutions 
The Solar Energy Industries Association has predicted the U.S. solar energy market will grow 119 percent in 2016, and it's easy to understand why.
Energy-saving technology offers an eco-friendly option for homeowners and business operators alike. As a result, many property owners are leading the push for green solutions that enable them to lower their energy consumption and save money in the foreseeable future.
At McElroy Metal, we're driving the push for green solutions in commercial and residential applications. We offer many products to support eco-conscious projects and are happy to collaborate with you to find green solutions to fulfill your needs, both now and in the future.
To learn more about how we can support your eco-friendly project, please contact your McElroy representative.
Custom Solutions
No one should be forced to settle for a roof that fails to meet their precise needs. Thankfully, we're here to help you design and implement custom solutions any time you choose.
When it comes to customization, we're available to serve you in any way we can. Since 1963, we've supported customers across the United States, ensuring they can find custom solutions. We believe our customers deserve to be treated with respect and dignity, and regardless of your project goals, we're happy to work with you to find custom solutions that fulfill your requests.
Want to learn more about how we can help you with your custom project? Please contact your McElroy representative today.
Take Advantage of Our Expansive Product Line
McElroy is an third generation family-owned company with an ongoing commitment to innovation. We believe that business morals and ethics play key roles in today's global marketplace, and we operate as business that possesses a strong culture of values that extends beyond our products.
In fact, our team is available to assist you in any way we can. If you have questions about our products, we'll respond to them immediately. Or, if you need help with a project, we'll help you brainstorm solutions. Regardless of your needs, we're here to support you and ensure you are fully satisfied with the assistance you receive.
McElroy products are among some of the best on the market today, and have helped our clients meet or exceed their project expectations time and time again. They are backed by our skilled roofing professionals and expert customer support as well, guaranteeing you can enjoy unbeatable assistance as you search for the right products for a project.
Take advantage of our product line – you'll be glad you did! To find out more about our vast array of products, please contact your McElroy representative today. 















JavaScript is currently disabled.Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi.









	Arch > Insurance > Leadership












































Visit Arch Corporate



Affiliates


RoamRight.com


WatfordRe.com




Media Center


Careers


Contact Us


Staff Finder


Global Office Finder


Office Directory








 















ACGL $98.82 -0.30 (-0.30%) 




Volume
189,993
Previous Close
$99.12


Intraday High
 $99.47
Intraday Low
$98.36


52 Week High
$99.26
52 Week Low
$69.31















Leadership







Print














Leadership








David  McElroy
Chairman and CEO, Arch Worldwide Insurance Group
Executive Management
Arch Insurance Group Inc.
1 201 743 3848
Email


David  McElroy
David H. McElroy has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Arch Worldwide Insurance Group, an executive position of ACGL, since September 2012, and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Arch Insurance Group since July 2012.  He also serves as a member of the Arch Capital's Executive Strategy Committee. He joined Arch Insurance Group in 2009 as the President of the Financial and Professional Liability Group, which is comprised of the executive assurance, professional liability, surety and healthcare lines. Prior to joining Arch Insurance Group, Mr. McElroy was a Senior Vice President at The Hartford Financial Services Corporation. He joined Hartford in 2000 from the acquisition of the directors and officers and errors and omissions business of Reliance National. He started his career at Chubb. Mr. McElroy is a graduate of Temple University with a B.A. in business administration.








Dennis  Brand
Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer
Executive Management
Arch Insurance Group Inc.
1 201 743 3825
Email


Dennis  Brand
Dennis Brand joined Arch Insurance in 2004 as Senior Vice President and Chief Reinsurance Officer in the US operations. He currently serves as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administration Officer at Arch Insurance in the US where he oversees the reinsurance, finance, information technology, actuarial, corporate underwriting, human resources, legal and premium audit departments. Prior to joining Arch, Mr. Brand held various positions in the insurance industry: first in finance, then in assumed underwriting and ceded reinsurance, as well as other operational roles in the industry. Mr. Brand has over 25 years of reinsurance and executive management experience through positions held at Kemper and Reliance. Mr. Brand holds a B.A. in business from West Virginia University; he has also served in the United States Navy.








John  Mentz
President

Arch Insurance Group Inc.
Email


John  Mentz
John Mentz is President of Arch Insurance Group Inc., a role he has held since December 2014.  In this capacity, Mr. Mentz is responsible for all Arch U. S. underwriting divisions.  He joined Arch in October of 2002 as Executive Vice President Construction. In his most recent role, in addition to Construction he had ultimate responsibility for National Accounts Casualty, Alternative Markets, High Excess Workers Compensation and Lenders Products.  Prior to Arch, he served in a variety of senior management positions with Zurich and the St. Paul. John is a Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society.








Terry  Pimentel
President
Executive Management
Arch Insurance Bermuda
1 441 278 9272
Email


Terry  Pimentel
Terry Pimentel has served as President of the Arch Insurance division in Bermuda since January 2008. In 2002, he joined the Bermuda operations as Senior Vice President, Casualty Manager with responsibility for establishing and managing the excess liability product line for Arch in the region. Mr. Pimentel began his insurance career in 1984 as a property and marine underwriter with the BF&M Insurance Group.  From 1988 to 1995, he worked for both Marsh and Aon placing casualty business into the Bermuda market before joining Starr Excess Liability Insurance Company in 1995 where he assumed product line responsibility and, eventually, regional responsibility, in 2000. Mr. Pimentel has a B.A. from St. Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia.








Michael  Price
Executive Vice President, Chief Underwriting Officer

Arch Insurance Group Inc.
Email


Michael  Price
Michael Price is Executive Vice President, Chief Underwriting Officer Arch Insurance U.S..  Michael joined Arch in 2009 as Senior Vice President, Executive Assurance.  In that role he was responsible for the Executive Assurance’s Growth & Middle Market, Alternative Asset Protection and Financial Institution underwriting units, and for the overall division’s product development, operations and systems deployments.  Most recently, Michael was Senior Vice President, Operations for Arch Insurance U.S., where he was responsible for executive reporting, business process optimization, and business systems integration for Arch Insurance’s U.S. underwriting operations.








Hugh  Sturgess
President and Chief Executive Officer
Executive Management
Arch Insurance Canada Ltd.
1 416 309 8108
Email


Hugh  Sturgess
Hugh Sturgess was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Arch Insurance Canada Ltd. in July 2014. In 2005, Mr. Sturgess joined the Canadian operations in the Executive Assurance division with responsibility for establishing management liability and professional liability product lines in Canada. Mr. Sturgess has held various roles in the financial services industry including as a Senior Analyst with the Royal Bank of Canada’s Capital Markets division, and as an underwriter with Chubb Insurance Company of Canada. Mr. Sturgess has a Bachelor of Commerce from McGill University in Montreal, and holds the Canadian Securities and Chartered Insurance Professional designations.








Matthew  Shulman
President and Chief Executive Officer
Executive Management
Arch Insurance Europe
+ 44 (0)20 7621 4700
Email


Matthew  Shulman
Mr. Shulman has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Arch Insurance’s European operations since September 2016.  He joined Arch Insurance U.S. in 2009, first serving as Senior Vice President and most recently as Executive Vice President overseeing the Executive Assurance and Professional Liability divisions.   Mr. Shulman was employed previously by The Hartford within the Financial Products division since 2000 where he most recently managed their Commercial D&O Department. Prior to The Hartford, he worked at Reliance National in various underwriting roles within the financial products division. Mr. Shulman has a B.A. from Cornell University and a J.D. from Fordham University School of Law.








William  Casey
Executive Vice President and Chief Regional Officer
Executive Management
Arch Insurance Group Inc.
1 212 271 8320
Email


William  Casey
Mr. Casey is Executive Vice President, Chief Regional Officer, responsible for the business and distribution strategies in all of Arch’s U.S. regions: Northeast, Southeast, Central, and Western. This encompasses operations, underwriting, business development, and marketing. Additionally, he is responsible for the overall direction of Arch’s Northeast region--managing the region’s business development, distribution, staff and general operation. Joining Arch Insurance Group in November 2008, Mr. Casey has more than 30 years of industry experience. Prior to Arch, he served as Senior Vice President, Deputy Head of Distribution at Zurich North America where he led distribution efforts for various Zurich products. During his 10-year career at Zurich, he also served in a number of management roles: Senior Vice President, Director of Field Operations for Zurich Specialties, National Marketing Director for all regions, and Northeast Regional Vice President in Corporate Marketing. Prior to his tenure at Zurich, he held leadership positions at Allied Coverage Corporation, Willis Corroon, Reliance, AIG and Hartford.
Education & AffiliationsB.S., Management, St. John’s University Executive Management Program, Northwestern University Kellogg Graduate School 


















Cookie Policy

We use cookies to improve your user experience. Click here for further information. Continue.































McElroy  David - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











McElroy  David
Check out list of companies and businesses related to McElroy  David. Find out McElroy  David address and contact details. View other people related to McElroy  David - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

1140 O'Brien Drive Suite A Menlo Park 94025 CA




Companies related to McElroy  David
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001521645Calysta BioSystems LLC1140 O'BRIEN DRIVE SUITE A MENLO PARK 94025




McElroy  David on the Web
Persons related to McElroy  David - Calysta BioSystems LLCNamePositionCityGustafsson  ClaesMenlo ParkMcElroy  DavidMenlo ParkMinshull  JeremyMenlo ParkSilverman  JoshuaMenlo Park
Potentially same personNameCityCountryDavid  McElroyJERSEY CITYNJ




Other people with surname McElroyMcElroy  Roderick, McElroy  Gerald, McElroy  Edward, MCELROY  ROSS, McElroy  Jerry, McElroy  John, McElroy  Paul, McElroy  Paul, MCELROY  KENNETH, MCELROY  RON, McElroy  Chase, McElroy  Chase, McElroy  Michael, McElroy  Kirsten, McElroy  William, McElroy  Kirsten, McElroy  Kenneth, MCELROY  RON, McElroy  Cindy, McElroy  Gordon, McElroy  Jerome, McElroy  Andrew, McElroy  Kenneth, McElroy  Kenneth, McElroy  Andrew, McElroy  Kevin, MCELROY  MICHAEL, McElroy  Ross, McElroy  Ross, McElroy  Ross








 
















McElroy's Inc. - Testimonials




































































Toll Free: (877) MCELROY
Manhattan: (785) 539-4870
Lawrence: (785) 841-4870
Topeka: (785) 266-4870







Toll Free: (877) MCELROY
Manhattan: (785) 539-4870
Lawrence: (785) 841-4870
Topeka: (785) 266-4870



 

Commercial HomeHomeResidential HomeServicesHVAC ServicePlumbing ServiceBuilding AutomationInstallationsPreventive MaintenanceDrain MaintenanceConstructionPortfolioEngineering & DesignMechanicalPlumbingPipefittingPrefabricationSheet Metal FabricationMedical GasCommissioningSchedule ServiceAbout UsAbout McElroy'sBiographiesNews and MediaTestimonialsPhoto GalleryIn The CommunityCertificationsCareer Opportunities 






About UsTestimonials







Submit Your Testimonial

Submit Your Testimonial




			First Name(*)

Invalid Input


			Last Name(*)

Invalid Input


ResidentialCommercial
Invalid Input


			What is your title?(*)

Invalid Input


			What is your company's name?(*)

Invalid Input


			What is your company's web site?
			
Invalid Input - include http(s)://


			Your Testimonial(*)

Invalid Input
















Invalid Input







* Denotes required field
			
			
			

What Our Customers Are Saying

We consider McElroy's a long-term strategic partner for maintaining the readiness of our plant manufacturing process and equipment.
Ken Jones

Engineering Manager

Hallmark Cards, Inc.


We appreciate McElroy's willingness to wade into any problem we have - sometimes literally. When we contact them about a challenge at one of our facilities - days, nights or weekend - they call out as many people as necessary to get the problem addressed and get the system back on-line as quickly as possible.
John Johnson

President and CEO

Topeka Housing Authority


McElroy's was part of the team that constructed our new 350,000 square foot cooperate headquarters here in Topeka, Kansas. Their teams consist of well-trained craftsman who deliver a high-quality finished product. Having McElroy's professionals as part of our design, installation and service team makes for a more efficient, cost effective and productive project.
David Rutkowski

Director of Facility Operations

Security Benefit Corporation


McElroy's staff's expertise, attitude and commitment are exemplified from a project start to finish, and continue after the owner takes possession. Projects have been performed smoothly, efficiently and with quality craftsmanship since I first teamed up with them over 23 years ago.
Jeff Romine

P.E. Associate

Brack and Associates Consulting Engineers


McElroy's commitment to me and my employer to identify problems, repair work on existing issues, planning and installation of new projects, maintenance, and ongoing technical support as needed has been exceptional. The expertise of their service team is an asset our entire company relies on.
Carl Matousek

Director of Facilities and Construction

Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation


For 17 years, McElroy's has been a part of our commitment of working together to improve the health of our community. As our mechanical and plumbing contractor of choice, they manage their resources extremely well. McElroy's communicates effectively and meets even the most demanding challenges, i.e., changes in design, scheduling issues and more.
David Cunningham

Vice President, Support Services and Facilities Officer

Stormont-Vail Healthcare


We used McElroy's as our mechanical (HVAC and Plumbing) subcontractor on the Allen Foods job in Topeka. McElroy's consistently worked with us to maintain and improve upon project schedule requirements, and their field personnel were very responsive. Also key to the project was McElroy's 'safety first' work environment.
Michael Cook

Purchasing Agent

The Austin Company


The scope of work for the project was completed in an occupied building in a timely fashion and without incident. I was particularly impressed with the meticulous planning and execution of the plan. The engineering staff's experience and expertise provided an outstanding end product, utilizing modern HVAC technology.
Zach Hawks

Lead Construction Manager

General Services Administration


McElroy's has completed a series of projects over four years in a manner that shows extremely high expertise in the mechanical trades. The result has been end products that are efficient, reliable and superior in quality. The McElroy's staff has also been helpful in resolving unforeseen problems.
George Werth

Deputy Director, Engineering and Maintenance

Kansas Department of Administration


McElroy's managers established a well thought-out schedule, made sure adequate personnel were assigned to the project, and sequenced the tasks involved so that the project was completed on time and within the expectations of the client.
William Naeger

Senior Project Manager - Architectural Engineering Division

Bartlett and West Engineers


Working with McElroy's, we have successfully completed many projects at Kansas State University. Brad Hutton and his field personnel are a good team that makes our project team even better. My project superintendents are always thankful when we utilize McElroy's services.
Scot E. Wolfington

Vice President

Coonrod and Associates Construction Co., Inc.


I've worked on two substantial projects with McElroy's that were extremely complicated and time sensitive. Both projects required extensive coordination between the contractors, sub contractors and university personnel to meet tight construction schedules. McElroy's worked very well with all parties to get the project completed within the required time frame, and in the case of the first project, was actually a week ahead of schedule.
Rosanna Carbalho

Coordinator, Construction Projects Facilities Services

Washburn University, Topeka


McElroy's has provided their expertise in many areas, including the design work behind many of our HVAC, plumbing, Controls and PLC design needs. McElroy's understands that food safety is our number one concern. Accordingly, they provide superior design and top-notch welders to ensure our plants meet the demands of the USDA and FDA, as well as expectations our customers and consumers.
Tony Kunis

Vice President Operations

Reser's Fine Foods





















About McElroy'sBiographiesNews and MediaTestimonialsPhoto GalleryIn The CommunityCertificationsCareer Opportunities


Schedule Service
Ask An Expert
Contact Us
Our Commitment




Schedule Service
Please complete all required fields!




For 24 Hour Service: (785) 266-4870.
Web requests are handled during regular business hours Mon-Fri.



Name*
Invalid Input



Service Address*
Invalid Input



Service City*
Invalid Input



Phone Number*
Please enter a valid phone number (###-###-####)




E-mail Address*
Invalid Input



Service*
PlumbingHeatingAir ConditioningInvalid Input



Comments*
Invalid Input









(*) Denotes Required Field




Invalid Input











Ask an Expert
Please complete all required fields!



Name*
Please enter your name (characters only)



Phone Number*
Please enter a valid phone number (###-###-####)



E-mail Address*
Please enter a valid e-mail address



Your Question*
Don't forget to ask your question!









(*) Denotes Required Field











Contact Us
Please complete all required fields!



Your Name*
Please let us know your name.



Your Email*
Please let us know your email address.



Phone*
Please enter a valid phone number (###-###-####)




Subject*
Please write a subject for your message.



Message*
Please let us know your message.









(*) Denotes Required Field
























Commercial HomeHomeResidential HomeServicesHVAC ServicePlumbing ServiceBuilding AutomationInstallationsPreventive MaintenanceDrain MaintenanceConstructionPortfolioEngineering & DesignMechanicalPlumbingPipefittingPrefabricationSheet Metal FabricationMedical GasCommissioningSchedule ServiceAbout UsAbout McElroy'sBiographiesNews and MediaTestimonialsPhoto GalleryIn The CommunityCertificationsCareer Opportunities


 For immediate assistance, call (877) MCELROY. 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















