

McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback























mckechnie aerospace holdings inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Aerospace & Defense
Sub-Industry: Defense Primes
McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc. provides aerospace products. The Company design, manufacture, and supplies structural components, systems, and assemblies for the aerospace industries in the United States and internationally.




Corporate Information
Address:

20 Pacifica
Irvine, CA 92618
United States


Phone:
1-949-769-6100


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































TransDigm Completes Acquisition of McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc.





















Skip navigation



Search


Search







Add to print queue | 
				
			
			View print queue (0)



 



TransDigm Completes Acquisition of McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc.

Print
Cleveland, Ohio, December 6, 2010 — TransDigm Group Incorporated (NYSE:TDG) a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components, today announced that it has completed the acquisition of McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc. ("McKechnie"), a privately-owned supplier of innovative aerospace products, controlled by JLL Partners, for a total purchase price on a cash free, debt free basis of approximately $1.27 billion in cash, subject to adjustment for working capital and other items. The acquisition was previously announced on September 27, 2010.McKechnie consists of seven major operating units that primarily sell to the worldwide commercial aerospace markets with major platform positions in both the OEM and aftermarket on the full range of currently produced Boeing and Airbus aircraft as well as many regional and business turbine aircraft. The company also has significant content on the new Boeing 787, Airbus A380 and A350. Calendar year 2010 revenues are anticipated to be modestly above $300 million with EBITDA margins ranging from the low to mid 30% of revenues.About TransDigm GroupTransDigm Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. Major product offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in the aerospace industry, include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators, aircraft audio systems, specialized cockpit displays, engineered latching and locking devices, specialized lavatory components, engineered connectors and elastomers, rods and locking devices, NiCad batteries/chargers, and lighting and control technology.                                                                   ### Source: TransDigm GroupTitle: TransDigm Completes Acquisition of McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc.Date Published: December 6, 2010Date Accessed: August 8, 2013

Company DetailsTransDigmCleveland, Ohiowww.transdigm.comYear Invested2008IndustryIndustrialsInvestment TypePublicly Traded SecuritiesView Details



©2017 Berkshire Partners LLC.  All rights reserved.  





				Printed from http://www.berkshirepartners.com on 26-Jul-17			


















 



































TransDigm to Acquire McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc. | Benzinga



















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro

















Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
 






TransDigm to Acquire McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc.





PRWeb 
 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



                    September 27, 2010 10:07am                  
 
Comments







Share:
 





 




CLEVELAND, Sept. 27 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- TransDigm Group Incorporated (NYSE: TDG) announced today a definitive agreement to purchase McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc. ("McKechnie"), a privately-owned supplier of innovative aerospace products, controlled by JLL Partners, for a total purchase price on a cash free, debt free basis of approximately $1.27 billion in cash.  TransDigm expects to finance the acquisition primarily through a combination of senior and subordinated debt.
McKechnie calendar year 2010 revenues are anticipated to be modestly above $300 million with EBITDA margins ranging from the low to mid 30% of revenues.  The business consists of seven major operating units that primarily sell to the worldwide commercial aerospace markets.  Approximately two-thirds of the revenues are sold to the commercial transport OEM and aftermarkets; about 15% to the business and regional jet OEM and aftermarkets, and about 15% to the defense segment.  Aftermarket revenues account for roughly 40% of the total with the balance sold primarily to the worldwide aerospace OEM markets.  Less than 15% of the revenues are to the military markets.  The company employs about 1,500 employees in its various locations.
McKechnie has major platform positions in both the OEM and aftermarket on the full range of currently produced Boeing and Airbus aircraft as well as a many regional and business turbine aircraft.  The company also has significant content on the new Boeing 787, Airbus A380 and A350.
McKechnie's two largest operating units are Hartwell, based in Los Angeles, California, and Electromech/Welco, based in Wichita, Kansas.  These two units account for approximately 60% of the anticipated calendar year 2010 revenue and a significantly higher percentage of the total company profits.  Hartwell is a leader in the design and manufacture of proprietary external aerospace latches and connecting devices.  Electromech/Welco is a major supplier of proprietary aerospace motors, blowers, valves and actuators.
McKechnie's Tyee business unit, located in Seattle, Washington, and TAC business unit, located in Belgium, are leaders in proprietary connecting rods and also supply certain mechanical controls to both Boeing and Airbus.  When combined, these two units make up approximately 20% of the anticipated calendar year 2010 revenues.  Additionally, the specialized fastener group consisting of Linread, located in the United Kingdom, and Valley Todeco, located in Sylmar, California, makes up approximately 20% of the anticipated calendar year 2010 revenues.
We anticipate that the acquisition will be primarily financed through some combination of senior and subordinated debt. We have obtained commitments for the full amount of financing to execute this transaction.  This will bring the total debt to approximately $3 billion.  As the Company has said consistently in the past, we view our capital structure as an integral part of our value creation strategy.  Absent any additional acquisitions or other capital market actions, TransDigm should begin to de-lever relatively quickly.  With respect to future availability, we anticipate that immediately after the completion of this transaction, we will have over $400 million of cash and undrawn revolver and under certain circumstances additional availability under our current credit agreement.  In addition, we have the capability to consistently generate cash well in excess of our operating and debt service needs.
"This is the first sizable acquisition opportunity that we have seen in the last 3 or 4 years that meets our stringent strategic, operational and value-creation criteria," stated W. Nicholas Howley, TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  "We are excited about McKechnie's wide range of complementary products and business strategy.  McKechnie fits well with our consistent focus on proprietary aerospace components with broad platform positions and significant aftermarket content.  The substantial majority of McKechnie's revenue comes from proprietary products and the company has a significant and growing aftermarket.  They have continually invested in new platforms and are well positioned for growth as the commercial aerospace markets continue to recover from the recent down cycle and the new platforms begin to ramp up."
"These are well run businesses, with operating margins  well above industry averages," continued Mr. Howley, "However, consistent with our past acquisition history, we expect to see margin improvements as we integrate the McKechnie businesses into our culture and management processes.  We expect to realize cost savings relatively quickly in corporate overhead, and then more gradually improve the margins as we implement TransDigm's value drivers throughout the organization.  On a full year basis, we expect the McKechnie business to achieve meaningful growth in TransDigm's FY 2011 in both Revenues and EBITDA. EPS and EPS (as adjusted) results in 2011 will be impacted by the timing of the close, purchase price accounting, and the final financing details."
The acquisition, which is expected to close before the end of the calendar year, is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. 
Paul Levy, Managing Director and founder of JLL commented, "Having worked with great management to help grow McKechnie over the last several years, we are now delivering a superior company with superb margins to a leading strategic acquiror.  In addition to being a successful transaction for our investors, we are proud to have TransDigm recognize McKechnie as a high-quality industry participant.  Helping companies become industry leaders has been a key part of JLL's success over the past 20 years."
“I am very pleased that TransDigm is acquiring the McKechnie Aerospace companies,” stated Tariq M. Jesrai, Chief Executive Officer of McKechnie.  “The combination of TransDigm with the McKechnie companies will further add value to our mutual customers and provide stability for the employees.  JLL Partners and Morgan Stanley have been exemplary partners with management in providing the environment where McKechnie Aerospace companies invested wisely in capital projects and new platforms resulting in strong growth in sales, profit and cash.  This venture is a good example of how Private Equity can positively impact a company's performance by partnering with good management and sharing in the success.”
Credit Suisse and UBS Investment Bank acted as financial advisors to TransDigm in the transaction and Baker & Hostetler LLP acted as TransDigm's lead legal counsel.  JLL and McKechnie engaged Morgan Stanley as their lead financial advisor along with Jefferies & Company.  Morgan Stanley Capital Partners was a minority investor in McKechnie.  Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP acted as legal counsel for JLL and McKechnie.
About TransDigm Group
TransDigm Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today.  Major product offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in the aerospace industry, include mechanical/ electromechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and components, gear pumps, specialized valves, engineered connectors, power conditioning devices, specialized fluorescent lighting, specialized AC/DC electric motors, aircraft audio systems, engineered latches and cockpit security devices, lavatory hardware and components, hold open rods and locking devices, specialized cockpit displays, elastomers, NiCad batteries/chargers, and starter generators and related components.
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this press release which are not historic facts are forward-looking statements under the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to expectations of McKechnie's future performance, profitability, growth and earnings; expectations of the Company's earnings per share and the financial impact of the transaction; the financing of the transaction; and the timing of the transaction.  All statements other than statements of historical fact that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements, including, in particular, statements about our plans, objectives, strategies and prospects regarding, among other things, the acquired business.  We have identified some of these forward-looking statements with words like "believe," "may," "will," "should," "expect," "intend," "plan," predict," "anticipate," "estimate" or "continue" and other words and terms of similar meaning. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which could affect the Company's actual results and could cause its actual results or the benefits of the proposed acquisition to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of the Company.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, closing conditions to the transaction may not be achieved, McKechnie's actual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2010 may differ from expected results, the Company may have difficulty obtaining required approvals, the Company may have difficulty implementing its strategic value drivers, and the Company may be impacted by the effects of general economic and industry conditions. Except as required by law, TransDigm undertakes no obligation to revise or update the forward-looking information contained in this press release.
Contact:
Jonathan D. Crandall
Investor Relations
(216) 706-2945
ir@transdigm.com

SOURCE  TransDigm Group Incorporated



View Comments and Join the Discussion!
 

View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        









Trending
Recent








1
GNCA, GOOG: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session


2
STX, CAT: Earnings Scheduled For July 25, 2017


3
NVAX: Is There Life Left In The Novavax Clinical Program?


4
GOOG, GOOGL: Impact Of Alphabet's $2.7 Billion European...


5
AMD: AMD's Big Run Continues With Q2 Earning...


6
AMD: Citi Still Selling AMD, Concerned About P...


7
OEC, BVXV: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday...

 





1
WYNN: Wynn Resorts Sharply Lower Despite Q2 Beat


2
AFAM, BLMN: 18 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Wednesday


3
XOM, CVX: Twitter To Report Q2 Earnings: What Might Be Expected?


4
GOOG, GOOGL: Highlights From Third Point's Q2 Investor...


5
AMD: Advanced Micro Devices Hits 10-Year High Aft...


6
GE, GT: Detroit Pistons, Flagstar Bank Sign Je...


7
TANH, AMD: 18 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers Fo...

 






 



View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. 



 












          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga







































			2011 FIN – Alcoa Expands in Aerospace With McKechnie Deal | Global Fastener News		


























































 














Home
About Fin
LOG IN
CONTACT US











Global Fastener News















NEWS 

NEWS BRIEFS
FIN HEADLINES
FIN STOCK REVIEW
MACHINERY
PRODUCT NEWS
RELATED NEWS
TRADESHOWS


CLASSIFIEDS
FASTENER HISTORY 

RECENTLY ADDED STORIES
FASTENER HISTORY 1979
FASTENER HISTORY 1980
FASTENER HISTORY 1981
FASTENER HISTORY 1982
FASTENER HISTORY 1983
FASTENER HISTORY 1984
FASTENER HISTORY 1985
FASTENER HISTORY 1986
FASTENER HISTORY 1987
FASTENER HISTORY 1988
FASTENER HISTORY 1989
FASTENER HISTORY 1990
FASTENER HISTORY 1991
FASTENER HISTORY 1992
FASTENER HISTORY 1993
FASTENER HISTORY 1994
FASTENER HISTORY 1995
FASTENER HISTORY 1996
FASTENER HISTORY 1997
FASTENER HISTORY 1998
FASTENER HISTORY 1999
FASTENER HISTORY 2000
FASTENER HISTORY 2001
FASTENER HISTORY 2002
FASTENER HISTORY 2003
FASTENER HISTORY 2004
FASTENER HISTORY 2005
FASTENER HISTORY 2006
FASTENER HISTORY 2007
FASTENER HISTORY 2008
FASTENER HISTORY 2009
FASTENER HISTORY 2010
FASTENER HISTORY 2011
FASTENER HISTORY 2012
FASTENER HISTORY 2013
FASTENER HISTORY 2014
FASTENER HISTORY 2015
FASTENER HISTORY 2016


FEATURES
ADVERTISE WITH US!
FIN CALENDAR
LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE














PRODUCT NEWS
OBITUARIES
FIN STOCK REVIEW
FIN SURVEY
TRADESHOWS
RELATED NEWS
MACHINERY
SUBMIT NEWS
ABOUT US














2011 FIN – Alcoa Expands in Aerospace With McKechnie Deal



February 02

00:00
2015




Share it With Friends









February 2, 2011 FIN – Alcoa Fastening Systems “significantly strengthens” its aerospace fastener product lines by acquiring Valley-Todeco and Linread, an industry acquisitions expert said.
Alcoa announced this week it will acquire the aerospace fastener manufacturing portion of McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc. for $240 million.
TransDigm Group Inc. acquired McKechnie less than two months ago for $1.27 billion.
Richard Hagan of New York-based Pinnacle Capital told GlobalFastenerNews.com that the Valley-Todeco Inc. and Linread Limited divisions of McKechnie”significantly strengthen the AFS product offering with respect to aerospace bolts and nuts for both airframe and engine applications.”
In addition to hot-forged and cold-headed male and female fasteners, Valley-Todeco also manufactures spherical, slotted-entry bearings used in a diverse range of airframe applications, Hagan noted.
“The bearing division of Valley-Todeco is a highly-attractive niche business which expands the AFS product range into new territory,” Hagan pointed out.
The McKechnie fastener operations are comprised of two companies: Valley-Todeco of Sylmar, CA; and Leicester, UK-based Linread. The two companies employ a total of 400 people and manufacture a range of high-strength, specialty-alloy threaded fasteners and spherical, slotted-entry bearings for the aerospace market.
According to filings by TransDigm, the fastener operations of McKechnie generated net sales of $65 million or approximately 22% of total net sales for McKechnie in the 12 months ended Sept. 30, 2010.
When the Alcoa/McKechnie fastener transaction is completed, TransDigm will have recouped 19% of the purchase price paid for McKechnie, while divesting 22% of the trailing annual net sales acquired, Hagan analyzed.
Earnings and cash flow figures for the McKechnie fastener operations were not disclosed.  McKechnie as a whole generated EBITDA of $101.2 million in the 12 months ended Sept. 30, 2010, so TransDigm paid 12.5 times trailing EBITD, Hagan calculated.  “Given the circumstances, it seems very likely that AFS paid a comparable multiple of EBITDA (12.5 times) for the McKechnie fastener operations.”
The acquisition is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 2011, subject to customary regulatory reviews and approvals.
Alcoa Fastening Systems, a business unit of Alcoa, is a worldwide designer and manufacturer of specialty fastening systems, components, and installation tools for aerospace and industrial applications. Headquartered in Torrance, California, Alcoa Fastening has over 5,500 employees and operates 29 locations in 10 countries. ©2011/2015 Fastener Industry News.
For information on permission to reuse or reprint this article please e-mail: FIN@GlobalFastenerNews.com
Alcoa Completes Aerospace Acquistion
March 9, 2011 GFN – Alcoa completed its $240 million acquisition of the aerospace fastener business of TransDigm Group Inc., a global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components. Total after tax cash proceeds from this transaction are estimated to be approximately $170 million.
The new business will become part of Alcoa Fastening Systems.
“This acquisition is an important step for Alcoa Fastening Systems (AFS),” Alcoa Fastening Systems president Vitaliy Rusakov said when the deal was announced in December 2010. “It is a part of our strategic plan to accelerate the growth of our business, add efficiencies, broaden our technology base and expand our product offering to better serve our customers and increase shareholder value.”
The deal comes weeks after TransDigm acquired the fastener business when it purchased McKechnie Aerospace in December 2010 following a bidding war with other aerospace companies, including Precision Castparts Corp.
The three TransDigm fastener manufacturing facilities are located in Sylmar, California; and Redditch and Leicester, both of the United Kingdom, and employ a combined 400 people.
Since they were founded in 1925 and 1950s respectively, the Redditch, Sylmar and Leicester facilities have provided a wide variety of high-strength, high temperature nickel alloy specialty engine fasteners, airframe bolts and slotted entry bearings.
According to filings by TransDigm, the fastener operations of McKechnie generated net sales of $65 million or approximately 22% of total net sales for McKechnie in the 12 months ended Sept. 30, 2010.
Alcoa Fastening Systems, a business unit of Alcoa, is a leading worldwide designer and manufacturer of specialty fastening systems, components, and installation tools for aerospace and industrial applications. Headquartered in Torrance, California, the company has over 5,500 employees and operates 29 locations in 10 countries.
©2011/2014 Fastener Industry News.
For information on permission to reuse or reprint this article please e-mail: FIN@GlobalFastenerNews.com






Share

Share


Tweet


+1


Share


Share






Related Articles

Scroll Back To Top






2007 FIN – John Hassall Forms Alliance With Indux in Mexico


1979 FIN – First Fastener Industry News Published


2003 FIN – Faspac Fastener Software Introduced in 1979






0 Comments

Scroll Back To Top
Write Comment






No Comments Yet!
There are no comments at the moment, do you want to add one?
Write a comment



Only  registered  users can comment. 






  Tweets by @GlobalFastener


Register for GlobalFastenerNews.com Get the latest news in the fastener industry.

REGISTER NOW
 














©1979-2017 Fastener Industry News Inc. The entire contents are copyrighted by Fastener Industry News Inc. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution, photocopying, faxing, including by framing or similar means, in whole or in part is expressly prohibited without prior written consent from the publisher.

The right to download and store or output the materials in our sites is granted for the user's personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. Users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on these sites may contact the editor. E-mail: editor@GlobalFastenerNews.com  Permission is granted for brief quotation of portions of an article with attribution.

Fastener Industry News Inc. and GlobalFastenerNews.com shall not be liable for errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.

Website development / design by Watermelon Web Works, LLC












Loading..
Close Window

Loading, Please Wait!
This may take a second or two.






error: Content is protected !!


";
		




































Page not found - Transdigm
























































 























Not Found






This is somewhat embarrassing, isn’t it?
It looks like nothing was found at this location. Maybe try a search?





 










  Recent Posts 

Proprietary Aerospace Products with Significant Aftermarket


Private Equity-like capital structure and culture


Aligned with Shareholders


Proven Strategy. Proven Performance.


A Proven Value-base Operating Strategy


 Archives 
April 2017

Categories 
Blog

Uncategorized


 
 

































































 



 TransDigm Completes Acquisition of McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc. 
         










    











 






 











 









TransDigm Completes Acquisition of McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc.

Dec 06, 2010, 18:03 ET
		  		  					
						 from   TransDigm Group Incorporated 











 
















































 

 




















 


CLEVELAND, Dec. 6, 2010 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- TransDigm Group Incorporated (NYSE:   TDG) a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components, today announced that it has completed the acquisition of McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc. ("McKechnie"), a privately-owned supplier of innovative aerospace products, controlled by JLL Partners, for a total purchase price on a cash free, debt free basis of approximately $1.27 billion in cash, subject to adjustment for working capital and other items. The acquisition was previously announced on September 27, 2010.
McKechnie consists of seven major operating units that primarily sell to the worldwide commercial aerospace markets with major platform positions in both the OEM and aftermarket on the full range of currently produced Boeing and Airbus aircraft as well as many regional and business turbine aircraft.  The company also has significant content on the new Boeing 787, Airbus A380 and A350.  Calendar year 2010 revenues are anticipated to be modestly above $300 million with EBITDA margins ranging from the low to mid 30% of revenues.  
About TransDigm Group
TransDigm Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. Major product offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in the aerospace industry, include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices,  specialized  AC/DC electric motors and generators, aircraft audio systems, specialized cockpit displays, engineered latching and locking devices, specialized lavatory components, engineered connectors and elastomers, rods and locking devices,  NiCad batteries/chargers, and lighting and control technology.
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this press release which are not historic facts are forward-looking statements under the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to expectations of McKechnie's future performance, profitability, growth and earnings; expectations of the Company's earnings per share and the financial impact of the transaction. All statements other than statements of historical fact that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements, including, in particular, statements about our plans, objectives, strategies and prospects regarding, among other things, the acquired business.  We have identified some of these forward-looking statements with words like "believe," "may," "will," "should," "expect," "intend," "plan," predict," "anticipate," "estimate" or "continue" and other words and terms of similar meaning. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which could affect the Company's actual results and could cause its actual results or the benefits of the proposed acquisition to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of the Company.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, McKechnie's actual financial results for the year ending December 31, 2010 may differ from expected results, the Company may have difficulty implementing its strategic value drivers, and the Company may be impacted by the effects of general economic and industry conditions. Except as required by law, TransDigm undertakes no obligation to revise or update the forward-looking information contained in this press release.
Contact:
Jonathan D. Crandall

Investor Relations

(216) 706-2945

ir@transdigm.com


 SOURCE  TransDigm Group Incorporated  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.transdigm.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Dec 08, 2010, 11:00 ET
Preview: TransDigm Fiscal 2011 Guidance and Conference Call Set for Monday, December 13, 2010













Dec 01, 2010, 18:10 ET
Preview: TransDigm Group Incorporated Prices Offering of $1.55 Billion Senior Subordinated Notes Due 2018






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





May 01, 2017, 16:15 ET
TransDigm Acquires Three Add-On Aerospace Product Lines








May 01, 2017, 16:15 ET
TransDigm Group Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Results








May 01, 2017, 16:15 ET
TransDigm Second Quarter Earnings Report and Conference Call Set...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Acquired By TransDigm Group | Mergr





































        Acquired by 
                                                    TransDigm Group, Inc. (Company)
                    
        on 
            2010-09-27        




McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc.

                                                        20 Pacifica, Suite 200, 
                    
                    Irvine,  
                    California 92618-3373 
                    United States, 
www.mckechnieaerospace.com 







 


 
 
 







        Profile
    



        Investors (3)




        Analytics
    
 
 
 
 





McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc. is a global manufacturer of aerospace components, assemblies and subsystems for commercial aircraft, regional/business jets, and military fixed wing and rotorcraft vehicles.
 






 
 




Company Summary

SECTOR
Aerospace
 

Investor History





2010-09-27
Add-on Acquisition

1.3B USD


                                                TransDigm Group, Inc.                                              



                                                Morgan Stanley Global Private Equity (“MSPE”)                                              
PE



                                                JLL Partners, Inc.                                              
PE









2007-05-01
Buyout (LBO, MBO, MBI)



                                                Morgan Stanley Global Private Equity (“MSPE”)                                              
PE



                                                JLL Partners, Inc.                                              
PE








 
 
 

 




McKechnie Aerospace Holdings was acquired by TransDigm Group on September 27, 2010.
                

Join Mergr to view all 39 acquisitions of aerospace companies in 2010, including 14 acquisitions by private equity firms, and 25 by strategics.Out of 60 sectors in the Mergr database, aerospace ranked 40 in number of deals in 2010. The largest aerospace acquisition in 2010 was Vought Aircraft Industries - which was acquired by Triumph Group for $1.4B.

Join Mergr to view this profile - and discover more aerospace acquisitions of companies like McKechnie Aerospace Holdings.
            

What's Mergr?







 Mergr, the Easiest-to-Use PE and M&A DB



Key Benefits

Stay informed on events in your industry
M&A research that takes seconds (not all afternoon)
Better understand your customers and prospects
Discover active buyers (or sellers)



Search

3.1K Private Equity Firms
109K M&A Transactions
119K Companies Involved in M&A 
                            (Buyer, Seller, or Target)
2.6K M&A Advisors
                            (Investment Banks and Law Firms)
38K M&A Contacts 
                            (PE and M&A Advisors)




Ready to try?

Get Started


                    Just $150/month
Month to month. Cancel anytime.




 
 










Product


Pricing 
Browse 
Docs 




Company

About 
Contact 
Blog 




Legal

Terms
Privacy











































 




TransDigm to acquire McKechnie Aerospace Holdings - SAE International 














































Learn


Articles
Events
Publications
Standards
Students
Training/Education
Webcasts/Video













Article


TransDigm to acquire McKechnie Aerospace Holdings


04-Oct-2010 09:47 EDT














TransDigm Group Inc. signed an agreement to purchase McKechnie Aerospace Holdings Inc., a privately owned supplier of aerospace products, controlled by JLL Partners. The business consists of seven major operating units that primarily sell to the worldwide commercial aerospace markets. McKechnie has major platform positions in both the OEM and aftermarket on the full range of currently produced Boeing and Airbus aircraft as well as many regional and business turbine aircraft. The company has significant content on the new A380 and A350 from Airbus and the new 787 from Boeing.





Author:


Matthew Monaghan





Sector:


Aerospace





Topic:


Manufacturing





Mentions:


TransDigm Group














Share














Email a Friend


HTML for Linking to Page





Page URL



















Grade


Rate It











2.33 Avg. Rating


























Read More Articles On







Manufacturing











Probing FAST processing for high-tech ceramic components


2017-02-20


Researchers from Purdue University are studying the fundamental mechanisms behind a method that uses electrical fields to enhance ceramics-sintering processing, which could aid R&D of rechargeable lithium-ion batteries and fuel cells. The research also could shed light on a phenomenon called electromigration, which can affect the performance of electronic devices.









Additive manufacturing today, growing airplanes, literally, tomorrow?


2016-10-20


The fusing of emerging technologies from the aerospace materials sector and biological sciences are now, for the first time, heading toward the prospect of growing parts, systems, and, ultimately, perhaps whole aircraft.









Dassault Aviation, Reliance Infrastructure form strategic partnership


2016-10-21


France's Dassault Aviation and India's Reliance Group announced in late September 2016 the creation of a joint venture (JV) in India called Dassault Reliance Aerospace. With this announcement came news that the Dassault Reliance Aerospace JV will be a key player in the execution of offset obligations as a part of the 36 Rafale fighter jet purchase agreement that was signed between France and India on September 23, 2016 and is valued at around €7.87 billion, or about Rs. 59,000 crore.









Additive manufacturing, virtual reality add to aerospace design repertoire


2016-10-20


One of the biggest issues in bringing forward new designs is the length of time that it takes to agree to a new specification, research and evaluate the alternative features and configurations, and then embark on a development program that will take the design to flight testing and ultimately operational service.






















Related Items







Any
Articles
Books
Events
Standards
Technical Papers / Journal Articles
Training / Education
Video













Reaching forward and back: 3D printing innovates while breathing life into traditional aero manufacturing


Article
2017-06-10









Optimization of Assembly Processes by Heated Air Technology


Technical Paper / Journal Article
2013-09-17









Engineering Materials 2, 4th Edition


Book
2012-11-09









AeroTech Congress & Exhibition


Event
2017-09-26









Dassault Aviation, Reliance Infrastructure form strategic partnership


Article
2016-10-21









Influence of Grain Flow on Bolt Integrity


Standard
2012-05-09









Automated Systems for Aerospace and Space Applications


Training / Education
2017-09-29









Hot Stamp Wire Marking Concerns for Aerospace Vehicle Applications


Standard
2017-01-24









A Systems Engineering Approach for Development of Aerospace Production Systems


Technical Paper / Journal Article
2013-09-17









Defense Maintenance and Logistics Exhibition


Event
2017-12-04









NASA to establish new Space Technology Research Institutes


Article
2017-05-05









Metallurgy of Steel: Principles


Training / Education
2013-04-09









Lockheed Martin shows big support for Metamaterial Technologies’ smart materials research


Article
2017-06-10









Ultraviolet (UV) Lasers for Aerospace Wire Marking


Standard
2012-03-20









Calibration Efficiency Analysis Based on Five Observability Indices and Two Calibration Models for a Six-Axis Industrial Robot


Technical Paper / Journal Article
2013-09-17









Investigation of Whisker Formation on Tin Plated Conductors


Standard
2014-12-05









Metallurgy of Steel Case Hardening


Training / Education
2013-04-09









PPG primes second location for new aerospace e-coat pilot system


Article
2016-09-27









A Non-Destructive Method to Classify the Correct Installation of Blind Bolts


Technical Paper / Journal Article
2013-09-17









Incremental improvements can lead to huge benefits for aircraft programs


Article
2017-05-05









Metallurgy of Precipitation Strengthening


Training / Education
2013-04-09









Cargo Compartments Maximum Package Size Calculation Methodology


Standard
2014-03-25









SAE International Journals Complete Set - Backfile


Book
2011-04-01









EMC Laboratory RF Radiated Emission Report for Passive Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Tags


Standard
2008-06-18









Technology for Magnesium Castings


Book
2011-01-01









DoD Maintenance Symposium


Event
2017-12-04









Norsk gives Boeing manufacturing edge with first 3D-printed titanium components


Article
2017-04-14









Study of Materials and Coatings Used for Drilling Carbon Fiber Re-inforced Plastics

00:25:37

Requires Access/Purchase



Video
2012-03-14









Statistical Experimentation of Fuel System O-Ring Interface


Technical Paper / Journal Article
2011-04-12









Titanium: Physical Metallurgy, Processing, and Applications


Book
2015-01-01









Dimensional Quality Control of Repeated Molded Polymer Battery Cell Housings in Automotive Energy Systems


Technical Paper / Journal Article
2011-04-12









General Requirements for Powered Drive Units (PDUs) in Aircraft Cargo Systems


Standard
2012-11-01









































