











George F McKenzie (deceased)  - Genealogy


























Please wait.
loading...





 















 























               People
               


              Projects
              


              Discussions
              


              Surnames
              










Log In 





Email:



Password:



Log In

Don't know your password?


Log In with Facebook





Join - It's Free










Home
People
Projects
Genealogy


DNA Tests











    Geni requires JavaScript! Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use this part of Geni.
  






Join the world's largest family tree




Gender


Male

Female



First Name





Last Name





Email




                never shared, never spammed
              





Start My Family Tree!
          or Cancel












George F McKenzie


‹ Back to McKenzie surname







Is your surname McKenzie?

      Research the McKenzie family
    

Start your family tree now





George F McKenzie's Geni Profile





Contact profile manager



View family tree






Share your family tree and photos with the people you know and love



        Build your family tree online      

        Share photos and videos      

        Smart Matching™ technology      

Free! 


Get Started





Share












Tweet This



















George F McKenzie


Birthdate:

estimated between 1832 and 1892



Death:





                Immediate Family:
              

Son of David McKenzie and Mercy McKenzie 
Husband of Ida McKenzie 
Father of Agnes Ferndon Hewitt 







Managed by:


                  Private User
                


Last Updated:

November 3, 2014




View Complete Profile






view all
Immediate Family









Ida McKenzie
wife







Agnes Ferndon Hewitt
daughter







Mercy McKenzie
mother







David McKenzie
father



























view all
George F McKenzie's Timeline





    
      1897
    
  

October 3, 1897



Birth of Agnes Ferndon Hewitt

Powderville, Custer, Montana, United States






    
      ????
    
  





Birth of George F







    
      ????
    
  





Death of George F















Genealogy Directory:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z












      app024

© 2017 Geni.comAboutDirectorySurnameTermsPrivacyBlogWikiWorld Family TreeHelp

Follow UsBe a Fan




English (US)  
		
		    eesti  
		
		    Svenska  
		
		    Español (España)  
		
		    Français  
		
		    עברית  
		
		    Norsk (bokmål)  
		
		    dansk  
		
		    Nederlands  
		
		    Deutsch  
		
		
		
				
		      »















 








McKenzie George at the Gospel cafe - YouTube 


 
  













































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    McKenzie George at the Gospel cafe
  



 










jageorge707













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from jageorge707?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe2.8K 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in




Add translations

6,038 views







51

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



52


0

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1











Loading...
    










Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on May 20, 2013McKenzie George sings at the Gospel Cafe Saturday night. McKenzie also at her school for their talent show and concert playing bells and singing a solo. The school picked the song that she sang, and McKenzie won state of Maryland & Virginia competition. Because she is only in the ninth grade and considered a JR. high school was not allow to go to nationals. 



      Category
    

Entertainment




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    












Advertisement
      








Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    " On the Wings of a Dove " 11 year old McKenzie George & Bruce Willey at the Gospel Cafe'
  

     - Duration: 4:34.
  
jageorge707
87,431 views



4:34










 












50+ videos
  








Play all
          




Play now




Mix - McKenzie George at the Gospel cafeYouTube



    Simon Cowell Made Fun of This Gospel Singer - Then Everyone is Blown Away
  

     - Duration: 5:15.
  
Tilly Radu
42,067,925 views



5:15





    McKenzie George sings "God is my Hero"  &  "10,000 Angels"
  

     - Duration: 11:53.
  
jageorge707
10,888 views



11:53





    MCKENZIE GEORGE in concert opens for Ivan Parker & The Harvesters
  

     - Duration: 13:47.
  
jageorge707
8,112 views



13:47





    Who Touched Me and  Roll Your Burdens covered by McKenzie George
  

     - Duration: 6:43.
  
jageorge707
11,799 views



6:43





    " Beulah Land " 11 year old -  Mckenzie George at the Gospel Cafe
  

     - Duration: 3:55.
  
jageorge707
239,697 views



3:55





    "American Christian"
  

     - Duration: 10:35.
  
jageorge707
11,421 views



10:35





    " Please Search the Book Again " Mckenzie George & Bruce Willey
  

     - Duration: 4:26.
  
jageorge707
57,769 views



4:26





    Amazing 10 year old Mckenzie George - sings - Blood Bought My Freedom
  

     - Duration: 2:30.
  
jageorge707
9,480 views



2:30





    I'VE COME TO FAR TO LOOK BACK - AWESOME AMAZING 10 YEAR OLD SINGER McKENZE GEORGE
  

     - Duration: 4:20.
  
jageorge707
119,668 views



4:20





    I Know A Man Who Can covered by McKenzie George
  

     - Duration: 3:15.
  
jageorge707
31,186 views



3:15





    " Mama's Prayer " covered by McKenzie George " Happy Mother's Day "
  

     - Duration: 8:43.
  
jageorge707
78,176 views



8:43





    " I Saw The Light " 11 year old McKenzie George
  

     - Duration: 1:48.
  
jageorge707
78,722 views



1:48





    " Angel By Your Side " & " The Only Real Peace " covered by McKenzie George
  

     - Duration: 8:07.
  
jageorge707
5,912 views



8:07





    AMAZING! AWESOME! 10 YEARS OLD SINGER - He'll Do It Again - Mckenzie George
  

     - Duration: 5:15.
  
jageorge707
162,658 views



5:15





    McKenzie George sings at the Bruce Willey Benefit
  

     - Duration: 6:39.
  
jageorge707
4,002 views



6:39





    One day at a Time - Mckenzie George WOW! only 11 years old
  

     - Duration: 3:03.
  
jageorge707
79,237 views



3:03





    Judges Lack Confidence in This Shy 14 Year Old Until She Starts Singing!
  

     - Duration: 7:54.
  
imryanang
57,083,785 views



7:54





    McKenzie George sings Nail it to the Cross
  

     - Duration: 6:31.
  
jageorge707
10,835 views



6:31




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 


George F. McKenzie, Pres., CEO, Washington Real Estate Investment Trust














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of George McKenzie 





 


George McKenzie

 

Pres., CEO - Washington Real Estate Investment Trust

 


George McKenzie Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Washington Real Estate Investment Trust 

 

Company Website : 
www.writ.com 

 

Company Address : 
6110 Executive Blvd.Ste. 800, Rockville, MD,United States, 


 


George McKenzie Profile :
Pres., CEO - Washington Real Estate Investment Trust 

 


George McKenzie Biography :


In June 2007, Mr. McKenzie was elected to the Board of Trustees and appointed President and Chief Executive Officer. Since joining the Trust in 1996, Mr. McKenzie has served in executive roles, including Executive Vice President, Real Estate and Chief Operating Officer. From 1985 to 1996, Mr. McKenzie worked in various capacities for the Prudential Realty Group, most recently as Vice President, Investment & Sales. From 1977 to 1985, Mr. McKenzie served as an officer in The US Navy as an aviator flying P-3 Orion aircraft. 

 


George McKenzie Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Edmund Cronin 
Chmn. - Trustee 
Please login 


John McDaniel 
Trustee 
Please login 


David Osnos 
Trustee 
Please login 


Susan Williams 
Trustee 
Please login 


John Derrick 
Trustee 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.




需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





">
		

Mckenzie George (Import & export history)
































 










Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Mckenzie  George, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Mckenzie  George

Mckenzie  George imports from Volvo Car International Corporation in Germany through the port of Port Hueneme, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Mckenzie  George and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 SHIN CATERPILLAR MITSUBISHI        
 CABELA-S HONG KONG LIMITED
 TOYS R-US (WAREHOUSE #0083)
 HOT TOPIC MERCHANDISE INC.
 INTEL TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Mckenzie  George
Mckenzie  George imports from Volvo Car International Corporation in Germany through the port of Port Hueneme, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



VOLVO CAR INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
SORREDSVAGEN                       
GOTHENBURG


MCKENZIE  GEORGE
117 WEST LOOP DR                   
CAMARILLO CA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



TED L  RAUSCH CO




YV4902DZ2C2343460
YV4902DZ2C2343460





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number






NC
NC


Product Description




VOLVO XC60
VOLVO XC60









Bill of LadingWLWHDE1248049   Arrival Date2012-09-05Weight (LB)4,015Weight (KG)1,825UnitsMMQuantity1 VEHContainer Count1CBM15Voyage No.CD232Port of LoadingBREMERHAVENPort of DischargePORT HUENEME, CALIFORNIAVessel NameOBERONCarrier CodeWLWHCountry Of OriginGermanyPlace Of ReceiptBREMERHAVEN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Mckenzie  George. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Mckenzie  George has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Mckenzie  George







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Mckenzie  George
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Yuyao Zhiduo Leisure Products Co.,l                                



                                    Diego Jose Martinez                                



                                    M V Marine Express V-21 C O                                



                                    Andy Lo                                



                                    Brian George Allison                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2897
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X

















George F McKenzie - Capitol Heights, MD | Intelius



























Sign In



We found George F Mckenzie in Capitol Heights, MD


George F Mckenzie

                                                                           Intelius found that George F McKenzie  is  a male between 100 and 110 years old from Capitol Heights, MD.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

George Skip Mckenzie


Get Report Now

Age

George F Mckenzie is in his 100s

George Has Lived In

Capitol Heights, MD
Washington, DC
Annapolis, MD







George F Mckenzie



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
President and Chief Executive Officer at Washington Real Estate Investment Trust



Get Report Now










Want to know more about George? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about George, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on George F Mckenzie
Get a Criminal Check on George F Mckenzie
Get a Public Record Report on George F Mckenzie
Get a People Search Report on George F Mckenzie


George F Mckenzie's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where George F Mckenzie has lived as well as George F Mckenzie's phone numbers and email addresses.




George F Mckenzie Has Lived in 2 States
Maryland Address for George F Mckenzie


7012 G**** C* 

Capitol Heights, MD


Has Lived In

Capitol Heights, MD
Washington, DC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with George F Mckenzie

(202) ***-****
(301) ***-**** - Capitol Heights, MD 
(800) ***-**** - Washington, DC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with George F Mckenzie



Get Email Report




George F Mckenzie's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about George F Mckenzie's academic history.  Find out which schools George F Mckenzie attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees George F Mckenzie received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


George F Mckenzie Has Attended 2 Schools
United States Naval Academy George F Mckenzie has a B.S. in Operations Analysis               
University of Rhode Island                              George F Mckenzie has a MBA in Finance               


George F Mckenzie's Professional Information
Information regarding George F Mckenzie's professional history.  Find out previous places George F Mckenzie has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


George F Mckenzie Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Washington Real Estate Investment Trust
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
Company: Chesapeake Lodging Trust
               Title: Trustee
George F Mckenzie's Experience
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Washington Real Estate Investment Trust
Job Details
               Washington Real Estate Investment Trust, founded in 1960 and headquartered in Rockville, Maryland, invests in a diversified range of income-producing property types. Our purpose is to acquire and manage real estate investments in markets we know well and protect our assets from single property-type value fluctuations through diversified holdings. Our goal is to continue to safely increase earnings and shareholder value.
Title: Trustee
               Company: Chesapeake Lodging Trust
Job Details
               Chesapeake Lodging Trust is a self-advised lodging real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on investments primarily in upper-upscale hotels in major business and convention markets and, on a selective basis, premium select-service hotels in urban settings or unique locations in the United States. The Trust owns 22 hotels with an aggregate of 6,691 rooms in nine states and the District of Columbia.
Additional Professional Information on George F Mckenzie

 See George F Mckenzie's LinkedIn Profile



George F Mckenzie's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for George F Mckenzie


George F Mckenzie's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of George F Mckenzie's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
George McKenzie
Username Matches

                  GeorgeMcKenzie
                  McKenzieGeorge
                  George.McKenzie
                  McKenzie.George
                  George_McKenzie
                  McKenzie_George
                  George-McKenzie
                  McKenzie-George
                  GMcKenzie
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G McKenzie







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















George F. McKenzie - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















George F. McKenzie
Board Member at Chesapeake Lodging Trust


View Full Profile
Are you George F. McKenzie? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view George F. McKenzie's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in George F. McKenzie's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in George F. McKenzie's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with George F. McKenzie through your network of contacts.
												








George F. McKenzie's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Chesapeake Lodging Trust


Past
To view George F. McKenzie's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															United States Naval Academy


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Rhode Island


Age
61

 
 


George F. McKenzie's Biography



George F. McKenzie, 61, is a Trustee. Mr. McKenzie founded a commercial real estate consulting business in January 2014. From June 2007 until his retirement in October 2013, Mr. McKenzie served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a trustee of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust, or WRIT, a self-administered, self-managed, equity real estate investment trust investing in income-producing properties in the greater Washington, DC metro region. Since joining WRIT in September 1996, Mr. McKenzie also served in other executive roles, including Executive Vice President, Real Estate and Chief Operating Officer. From 1985 to 1996, Mr. McK ...
(Read More)

			George F. McKenzie, 61, is a Trustee. Mr. McKenzie founded a commercial real estate consulting business in January 2014. From June 2007 until his retirement in October 2013, Mr. McKenzie served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a trustee of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust, or WRIT, a self-administered, self-managed, equity real estate investment trust investing in income-producing properties in the greater Washington, DC metro region. Since joining WRIT in September 1996, Mr. McKenzie also served in other executive roles, including Executive Vice President, Real Estate and Chief Operating Officer. From 1985 to 1996, Mr. McKenzie served with the Prudential Realty Group, a subsidiary of Prudential Insurance Company of America, most recently as Vice President, Investment & Sales. From 1977 to 1985, Mr. McKenzie served as an officer in the U.S. Navy. Mr. McKenzie also is a former member of the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT). He received a B.S. in Operations Analysis from the United States Naval Academy and an M.B.A. in Finance from the University of Rhode Island. Mr. McKenzie is a member of the Economic Club of Washington. We believe Mr. McKenzie should serve on our board due to his extensive experience in the real estate industry, including as a chief executive officer of a publicly traded REIT. Mr. McKenzie has served as a Trustee since our IPO in 2010.
		
Source: Chesapeake Lodging Trust on 04/07/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view George F. McKenzie's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like George F. McKenzie. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in George F. McKenzie's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in George F. McKenzie's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with George F. McKenzie through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: George F. McKenzie


















George F. McKenzie's Connections (57)





Sign up now to view George F. McKenzie's 57 connections »









Rhonda L. Brooks
Board Member, Meritor, Inc.









Paul T. McDermott
President and Chief Executive Officer, Washington Real Estate Investment Trust









John P. McDaniel
Former Board Member, Washington Real Estate Investment Trust









Herbert H. Tate
Former Board Member, NRG Energy, Inc.









Terence C. Golden
Former Board Member, Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.









William T. Camp
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Washington Real Estate Investment Trust









Thomas A. Natelli
Chairman of the Board, Chesapeake Lodging Trust









Bruce M. Lisman
Board Member, Myers Industries, Inc.









John W. Hill
Board Member, CoStar Group, Inc.









Douglas W. Vicari
Dir., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Chesapeake Lodging Trust








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Publications of George F. McNulty



Publications of George F. McNulty

George F. McNulty, George R. Holmes, deRosset Myers, Sandra Stader,
and Angela Forand, Response Stability on a psychological
instrument: A lattice theoretical supplement to traditional 
statistical measures, In progress.


George F. McNulty and Ross Willard, The Chautauqua Problem, Tarski's
Finite Basis Problem, and residual bounds for 3-element algebras, In
progress. 


Ralph McKenzie, George F. McNulty and Ross Willard, 
Computational Recognition of Properties of Finite Algebras
, In progress. 


Ralph Freese, Ralph N. McKenzie, Geroge F. McNulty, and Walter F. Taylor, Algebras,
Lattices, Varieties. Vol. 2. ,
In progress.


Marcel G. Jackson and George F. McNulty,
 
The equational complexity of Lyndon's algebra.

Algebra Universalis. (to appear). 


 Sandra R. Stader, deRosset Myers , Jr., Angela Q. Forand,
George R. Holmes, George F. McNulty,Linda Frey, and Staci S. Bolton

Evaluation of  the William S.~Hall Psychiatric Institute clinical
psychology internship: a replication and extension.
Pyschological Reports (to appear).


George F. McNulty and Ju Wang,
 
The class of subdirectly irreducible groups generated by a finite
group is finitely axiomatizable,
 Submitted. 



Online pdf view 


George F. McNulty,  Zoltán Székely, and Ross Willard,
 
Equational complexity of the finite algebra membership problem.
International Journal of Algebra and Computation.
18 (2008) 1283-1319. 


Online pdf view


'The original    

publication  is available from the publisher. 




George F. McNulty, Residual finiteness and finite equational bases:
undecidable properties of finite algebras Lectures on some recent work
of Ralph McKenzie and Ross Willard. Preprint.



Online pdf view 




George F. McNulty,

The equational compatability problem for the real line.
 Algebra Universalis. 59 (2008) 259-275.


Online pdf view


'The original   

publication is available at www.springerlink.com/content/0256883304u7gt67/




Ralph Freese, George F. McNulty, and J. B. Nation, 
A modular inherently nonfinitely based lattice, 
Algebra Universalis. 55 (2006) 119-125.



Online pdf view 




Kirby A. Baker, George F. McNulty and Ju Wang,
An extension of Willard's Finite Basis Theorem: Congruence
meet-semidistributive varieties of finite critical depth,

Algebra Universalis. 52 (2004) 289-302.



Online pdf view 


George F. McNulty, Minimum bases for equational theories of groups and
rings: the work of Alfred Tarski and Thomas C. Green
Annals of Pure and Applied Logic.127
(2004) 131-153.



Online pdf view 




George R. Holmes, Aldo Galeazzi, Emilio Franceschina,
George F. McNulty, Angela Q. Forand, Sandra R. Stader, deRosset Myers, Jr., and 
Harry H. Wright, A preliminary analysis of norms and reliability for
the School Reinforcement
Survey Schedule (SRSS): Italian and American early 
adolescents. Journal of Behavioral Education.
13 (2004) 117-133.



Online pdf view 




Sandra R. Stader, George R. Holmes, Angela Q. Forand, deRosset Myers,
Jr. and George F. McNulty, Comparison of scores for abused and nonabused
young adults on the Psychological Trauma and Resources Scale.
Psychological Reports.
94 (2004) 687-693.


Online pdf view.


Ralph Freese, George F. McNulty, and J. B. Nation, Inherently nonfinitely
based lattices, Annals of Pure and Applied
Logic  115 (2002) 175-193.



Online pdf view 




William Lampe, George F. McNulty, and Ross Willard, Full duality
among graph algebras and flat graph algebras, Algebra Universalis
45 (2001) 311-334. 


Online pdfview




Brian Davey, Pawel Idziak, William Lampe, and George F. McNulty, Dualizability
and graph algebras, Discrete Mathematics
214 (2000) 145-172. 


Online pdf view



Another pdfview




Zsolt Lengvarszky and George F. McNulty, Covering in the sublattice
lattices of finite distributive lattices, Journal of the Australian
Mathematical Society (Series A),65 (1998) 333-353.


Online pdf view 




George Holmes, Angela Forand, deRosset Myers, Jr., Tami Leonhardt,
Robert Ceasar, Michael Cuccaro, Melissa Hood, Sandra Stader, and George F.
McNulty, An interim report on the development of the psychological trauma
and resources scales . Psych. Reports 80 (1997) 819--831.
  
Jaroslav Ježek and George F. McNulty, The existence of finitely
based lower covers for finitely based equational theories. J. Symbolic
Logic 60 (1995), no. 4, 1242--1250.


Jarolsalv Ježek and George F. McNulty, Perfect bases for equational
theories. J. Symbolic Comput. 19 (1995), no. 5, 489--505.



Jaroslav Ježek and George F. McNulty, Finite axiomatizability
of congruence rich varieties. Algebra Universalis 34 (1995),
no. 2, 191--213. 


George F. McNulty, Corrigendum: "Structural diversity in the
lattice of equational theories", Algebra Universalis 31
(1994), no. 4, 614. 


George F. McNulty, Forward: a volume dedicated to Bjarni Jónsson
on the occasion of his seventieth birthday. Algebra Universalis
31 (1994), no. 3, 301--305.


George F. McNulty, A field guide to equational logic. J.
Symbolic Comput. 14 (1992), no. 4, 371--397. 


Tamás Bajusz, George F. McNulty, and Ágnes Szendrei,
Lyndon's groupoid is not inherently nonfinitely based. Algebra
Universalis 27 (1990), no. 2, 254--260. 


George F. McNulty, Lattice congruences and Dilworth's decomposition
of relatively complemented lattices. The Dilworth theorems, 439--444,
Contemp. Mathematicians, Birkhäuser Boston, Boston, MA, 1990.


Jaroslav Ježek, J. and George F. McNulty, Bounded and well-placed
theories in the lattice of equational theories. Algebra Universalis
26 (1989), no. 3, 311--331. 


Kirby A. Baker, George F. McNulty, and Walter Taylor, Growth problems
for avoidable words. Theoret. Comput. Sci. 69 (1989),
no. 3, 319--345. 


George F. McNulty, An equational logic sampler. Rewriting
techniques and applications (Chapel Hill, NC, 1989), 234--262, Lecture
Notes in Comput. Sci., 355, Springer, Berlin, 1989. 


Kirby A. Baker, George F. McNulty, and Heinrich Werner, Shift-automorphism
methods for inherently nonfinitely based varieties of algebras. Czechoslovak
Math. J. 39(114) (1989), no. 1, 53--69. 



Online pdf view 



Kirby A. Baker, George F. McNulty, and Heinrich Werner, The finitely
based varieties of graph algebras. Acta Sci. Math. (Szeged)
51 (1987), no. 1-2, 3--15. 


Ralph N. McKenzie, Geroge F. McNulty, and Walter F. Taylor, Algebras,
Lattices, Varieties. Vol. 1. The Wadsworth & Brooks/Cole Mathematics
Series. Wadsworth & Brooks/Cole Advanced Books & Software, Monterey,
Calif., 1987. xvi+361 pp. ISBN: 0-534-07651-3 


George F. McNulty, George F. Fifteen possible previews in equational
logic. Lectures in universal algebra (Szeged, 1983), 307--331,
Colloq. Math. Soc. János Bolyai, 43, North-Holland, Amsterdam-New
York, 1986. 


George F. McNulty, Alfred Tarski and undecidable theories. J.
Symbolic Logic 51 (1986), no. 4, 890--898. 


George F. McNulty, How to construct finite algebras which are not
finitely based. Universal algebra and lattice theory (Charleston,
S.C., 1984), 167--174, Lecture Notes in Math., 1149, Springer, Berlin-New
York, 1985. 


Henry A. Kierstead, Georbe F. McNulty, and William T. Trotter, Jr.,
A theory of recursive dimension for ordered sets. Order 1
(1984), no. 1, 67--82. 


George F. McNulty, T. Nordahl, and H. E. Scheiblich, Injectives
and projectives in term finite varieties of algebras. Canad. J.
Math. 35 (1983), no. 5, 769--775. 


George F. McNulty, An extension of Zermelo's Principle and pathological
sets in the plane. Matimyas Matematika, 7(1983), no.4,
1--11.


George F. McNulty and Caroline R. Shallon, Inherently nonfinitely
based finite algebras. Universal algebra and lattice theory (Puebla,
1982), 206--231, Lecture Notes in Math., 1004, Springer, Berlin-New
York, 1983. 


Joan P. Hutchinson and George F. McNulty, Connected graphs of genus
g with complementary orbits. Discrete Math. 45 (1983),
no. 2-3, 255--275. 


George F. McNulty, Covering in the lattice of equational theories
and some properties of term finite theories. Algebra Universalis
15 (1982), no. 1, 115--125. 


George F. McNulty, Infinite ordered sets, a recursive perspective.
Ordered sets (Banff, Alta., 1981), pp. 299--330, NATO Adv. Study
Inst. Ser. C: Math. Phys. Sci., 83, Reidel, Dordrecht-Boston, Mass.,
1982. 


George F. McNulty, Infinite chains of nonfinitely based equational
theories of finite algebras. Algebra Universalis 13 (1981),
no. 3, 373--378. 


George F. McNulty, Structural diversity in the lattice of equational
theories. Algebra Universalis 13 (1981), no. 3, 271--292.



Frank Harary and George F. McNulty, The orbital partition of a graph.
J. Combin. Inform. System Sci. 5 (1980), no. 2, 131--133.



George F. McNulty, Classes which generate the variety of all lattice-ordered
groups. Ordered groups (Proc. Conf., Boise State Univ., Boise, Idaho,
1978), pp. 135--140, Lecture Notes in Pure and Appl. Math., 62, Dekker,
New York, 1980. 


Jean A. Larson, Richard Laver, and George F. McNulty, Square-free
and cube-free colorings of the ordinals. Pacific J. Math. 89
(1980), no. 1, 137--141. 


Dwight R.Bean, Andrzej Ehrenfeucht, and George F. McNulty, Avoidable
patterns in strings of symbols. Pacific J. Math. 85 (1979),
no. 2, 261--294. 


P. W. Harley, III and George F. McNulty, When is a point Borel?
Pacific J. Math. 80 (1979), no. 1, 151--157. 


George F. McNulty, Fragments of first order logic. I. Universal
Horn logic. J. Symbolic Logic 42 (1977), no. 2, 221--237.



George F. McNulty and Manfred Stoll, A Sketch of the Theory of Sets
Department of Mathematics, University of South Carolina, (1977) 99pp.


Michael Makkai and George F. McNulty, Universal Horn axiom systems
for lattices of submodules. Algebra Universalis 7 (1977),
no. 1, 25--31. 


George F. McNulty, Undecidable properties of finite sets of equations.
J. Symbolic Logic 41 (1976), no. 3, 589--604.


George F. McNulty, The decision problem for equational bases of
algebras. Ann. Math. Logic 10 (1976), no. 3-4, 193--259.



George F. McNulty and Walter Taylor, Combinatory interpolation theorems.
Discrete Math. 12 (1975), 193--200. 


Bjarni Jónsson, George F. McNulty, and Robert W. Quackenbush,
The ascending and descending varietal chains of a variety. Canad.
J. Math. 27 (1975), 25--31. 








