





Aimee Semple McPherson - Wikipedia






















 






Aimee Semple McPherson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the 2006 film, see Aimee Semple McPherson (film).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (October 2013)




Aimee Semple McPherson



Sister Aimee, early 1920s



Born
Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy
(1890-10-09)October 9, 1890
Salford, Ontario, Canada


Died
September 27, 1944(1944-09-27) (aged 53)
Oakland, California


Cause of death
Accidental overdose


Resting place
Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery (Glendale)


Known for
Founding the Foursquare Church


Spouse(s)
Robert Semple (1908–10; his death)
Harold McPherson (1912–21; divorced)
David Hutton (1931–34; divorced)


Children
Roberta Semple (b. 1910)
Rolf McPherson (b. 1913)


Parent(s)
James Morgan Kennedy
Mildred Ona Pearce


Aimee Semple McPherson (Aimée, in the original French; October 9, 1890 – September 27, 1944), also known as Sister Aimee or simply Sister, was a Canadian-American Pentecostal evangelist and media celebrity in the 1920s and 1930s,[1] famous for founding the Foursquare Church. McPherson has been noted as a pioneer in the use of modern media, because she used radio to draw on the growing appeal of popular entertainment in North America and incorporated other forms into her weekly sermons at Angelus Temple, one of the first megachurches.[2]
In her time she was the most publicized Christian evangelist, surpassing Billy Sunday and her other predecessors.[3][4] She conducted public faith healing demonstrations before large crowds; testimonies conveyed tens of thousands of people healed.[5][6] McPherson's articulation of the United States as a nation founded and sustained by divine inspiration continues to be echoed by many pastors in churches today.
News coverage sensationalized her misfortunes with family and church members; particularly inflaming accusations she had fabricated her reported kidnapping, turning it into a national spectacle.[7] McPherson's preaching style, extensive charity work and ecumenical contributions were a major influence to Charismatic Christianity in the 20th century.[8][9]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life
1.2 Conversion
1.3 Marriage and family
1.4 Early career
1.5 Career in Los Angeles
1.6 Charitable work


2 Ministry

2.1 Style of ministry
2.2 Faith Healing Ministry
2.3 The "Foursquare Church"


3 Life in the media spotlight

3.1 Media relations
3.2 Politics


4 Reported kidnapping

4.1 Disappearance from Venice Beach
4.2 Return to Los Angeles
4.3 Grand jury inquiry
4.4 After the case dismissal


5 Claims of extramarital affairs

5.1 During her lifetime
5.2 Posthumously


6 Later life and career

6.1 After fallout with press
6.2 Problems with Mildred Kennedy
6.3 Resurrecting her career
6.4 Problems with the Temple


7 War years

7.1 Views on war
7.2 Reaction to war


8 Death
9 Legacy and influence

9.1 Ministry
9.2 Legacy


10 Works about McPherson

10.1 Books, periodicals, films, and plays


11 Publications
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]
McPherson was born Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy on a farm in Salford, Ontario, Canada.[10] She had early exposure to religion through her mother, Mildred (known as "Minnie") who worked with the poor in Salvation Army soup kitchens.
As a child she would play "Salvation Army" with her classmates, and at home she would gather a congregation with her dolls, giving them a sermon.[11] As a teenager, McPherson strayed from her mother's teachings by reading novels and going to movies and dances, activities which were strongly disapproved of by both the Salvation Army and the religion of her father, James Kennedy, a Methodist. Novels, though, made their way into the Methodist Church library and with guilty delight, McPherson would read them. At the movies, she recognized some of her fellow Methodist church members. She learned too, at a local dance she attended, that her dancing partner was a Presbyterian minister. In high school, she was taught Charles Darwin's Theory of Evolution.[12][13] She began to quiz visiting preachers and local pastors about faith and science, but was unhappy with the answers she received.[14] She wrote to the Canadian newspaper, Family Herald and Weekly Star, questioning why taxpayer-funded public schools had courses, such as evolution, which undermined Christianity.[14] This was her first exposure to fame, as people nationwide responded to her letter.[14] While still in high school, after her Pentecostal conversion, McPherson began a crusade against the concept of evolution, beginning a lifelong passion.
Conversion[edit]


Robert and Aimee Semple (1910)


While attending a revival meeting in December 1907, Aimee met Robert James Semple, a Pentecostal missionary from Ireland. There, her faith crisis ended as she decided to dedicate her life to God and made the conversion to Pentecostalism as she witnessed the Holy Spirit moving powerfully.[14]
Marriage and family[edit]
At that same revival meeting, Aimee became enraptured not only by the message that Robert Semple gave, but also with Robert himself. She decided to dedicate her life to both God and Robert, and after a short courtship, they were married on August 12, 1908, in a Salvation Army ceremony, pledging never to allow their marriage to lessen their devotion to God, affection for comrades, or faithfulness in the Army. The pair's notion of "Army" was very broad, encompassing much more than just the Salvation Army. Robert supported them as a foundry worker and preached at the local Pentecostal mission. Together, they studied the Bible, Aimee claiming Robert taught her all she knew; though other observers state she was far more knowledgeable than she let on. After a few months they moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. Durham earlier had visited the mission where the Azusa Street Revival was taking place, returned and applied its teachings. Under Durham's tutelage, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence.[15]




Aimee Semple and her second husband Harold McPherson. For a time Harold traveled with his wife Aimee in the "Gospel Car"as an itinerant preacher himself; helping her to set up tents for revival meetings.


After embarking on an evangelistic tour to China, both contracted malaria. Robert also contracted dysentery, of which he died in Hong Kong. Aimee recovered and gave birth to their daughter, Roberta Star Semple, as a 19-year-old widow. On board a ship returning to the United States, Aimee Semple started a Sunday school class, then held other services, as well, oftentimes mentioning her late husband in her sermons; almost all passengers attended.
Shortly after her recuperation in the United States, Semple joined her mother Minnie working with the Salvation Army. While in New York City, she met Harold Stewart McPherson, an accountant. They were married on May 5, 1912, moved to Providence, Rhode Island and had a son, Rolf Potter Kennedy McPherson, in March 1913.
During this time, McPherson felt as though she denied her "calling" to go preach. After struggling with emotional distress and obsessive–compulsive disorder, she would fall to weep and pray.[16][17] She felt the call to preach tug at her even more strongly after the birth of Rolf. Then in, 1914, she fell seriously ill, and McPherson states she again heard the persistent voice, asking her to go preach while in the holding room after a failed operation. McPherson accepted the voice's challenge, and she suddenly opened her eyes and was able to turn over in bed without pain. One spring morning in 1915, her husband returned home from the night shift to discover McPherson had left him and taken the children. A few weeks later, a note was received inviting him to join her in evangelistic work.[18]




Aimee Semple McPherson and her third husband, David L. Hutton, enjoying their honeymoon breakfast. To avoid news publicity, they chartered a plane to Yuma, Arizona; and were married in a small ceremony. Hutton assisted in some of McPherson's charity work before their divorce in 1934.


Her husband later followed McPherson to take her back home. When he saw her, though, preaching to a crowd, he witnessed her transformation into a radiant, lovely woman. Before long, he became her fellow worker in Christ. Their house in Providence was sold and he joined her in setting up tents for revival meetings and even did some preaching himself.[19] Throughout their journey, food and accommodations were uncertain, as they lived out of the "Gospel Car". Her husband, in spite of initial enthusiasm, wanted a life that was more stable and predictable. Eventually, he returned to Rhode Island and around 1918 filed for separation. He petitioned for divorce, citing abandonment; the divorce was granted in 1921.
She married again on September 13, 1931 to actor and musician David Hutton, followed by much drama, after which she fainted and fractured her skull.[20] While McPherson was away in Europe to recover, she was angered to learn Hutton was billing himself as "Aimee's man" in his cabaret singing act and was frequently photographed with scantily clad women. Hutton's much-publicized personal scandals were damaging the Foursquare Gospel Church and their leader's credibility with other churches.[21] McPherson and Hutton separated in 1933 and divorced on March 1, 1934. McPherson later publicly repented of the marriage, as wrong from the beginning, for both theological[22] and personal reasons[23] and therefore rejected nationally known gospel singer Homer Rodeheaver, a more appropriate suitor, when he eventually asked for her hand in 1935.[24][25]
Early career[edit]
While married to Robert Semple, the two moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. There, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence the otherwise indecipherable utterances of glossolalia. Unable to find fulfillment as a housewife, in 1913, McPherson began evangelizing and holding tent revivals across the Sawdust Trail in the United States and Canada.
After her first successful visits, she had little difficulty with acceptance or attendance. Eager converts filled the pews of local churches which turned many recalcitrant ministers into her enthusiastic supporters. Frequently, she would start a revival meeting in a hall or church and then have to move to a larger building to accommodate the growing crowds. When no buildings were suitable, she set up a tent, which was often filled past capacity.
She wanted to create the enthusiasm a Pentecostal meeting could provide, with its "Amen Corner" and "Halleluiah Chorus", but also to avoid its unbridled chaos as participants started shouting, trembling on the floor, and speaking in tongues, all at once. McPherson organized her meetings with the general public in mind and yet did not wish to quench any who suddenly came into "the Spirit". To this, she set up a "tarry tent or room" away from the general area for any who suddenly started speaking in tongues or display any other Holy Ghost behavior by which the larger audience might be put off.[26]
In 1916, McPherson embarked on a tour of the Southern United States in her "Gospel Car", and again later, in 1918, with her mother, Mildred Kennedy. Mildred was an important addition to McPherson's ministry and managed everything, including the money, which gave them an unprecedented degree of financial security. Their vehicle was a 1912 Packard touring car emblazoned with religious slogans. Standing on the back seat of the convertible, McPherson preached sermons over a megaphone. On the road between sermons, she would sit in the back seat typing sermons and other religious materials. She first traveled up and down the eastern United States, then went to other parts of the country.
By 1917, she had started her own magazine, The Bridal Call, for which she wrote many articles about women’s roles in religion; she portrayed the link between Christians and Jesus as a marriage bond. Along with taking seriously the religious role of women, the magazine contributed to transforming Pentecostalism from a movement into an ongoing American religious presence. [27]
While McPherson was traveling for her evangelical work, she arrived in Baltimore, where she was first "discovered" by the newspapers in 1919, after a day of conducting evangelistic services at the Lyric Opera House.[28] Baltimore became one of the pivotal points for her early career.[29] The crowds, in their religious ecstasy, were barely kept under control as they gave way to manifestations of "the Spirit". Moreover, her alleged faith healings now became part of the public record, and attendees began to focus on that part of her ministry over all else. McPherson also considered the Baltimore Revival an important turning point, not only for her ministry, "but in the history of the outpouring of the Pentecostal power," [30]
Career in Los Angeles[edit]
In late 1918, McPherson came to Los Angeles, a move many at the time were making for better opportunities. Minnie Kennedy, her mother, rented the largest hall they could find, the 3,500-seat Philharmonic Auditorium (known then as Temple Auditorium). People waited for hours to get in, and McPherson could hardly reach the pulpit without stepping on someone.[31] Afterwards, grateful attendees of her Los Angeles meetings built a home for her family and her, which included everything from the cellar to a canary bird.[32] At this time, Los Angeles had become a popular vacation spot. Rather than touring the United States to preach her sermons, McPherson stayed in Los Angeles, drawing audiences from a population which had soared from 100,000 in 1900 to 575,000 people in 1920, and often included many visitors.[33]
Wearied by constant traveling and having nowhere to raise a family, McPherson had settled in Los Angeles, where she maintained both a home and a church. McPherson believed that by creating a church in Los Angeles, her audience would come to her from all over the country. This, she felt, would allow her to plant seeds of the Gospel and tourists would take it home to their communities, still reaching the masses. For several years, she continued to travel and raise money for the construction of a large, domed church building at 1100 Glendale Blvd. in the Echo Park area of Los Angeles. The church would be named Angelus Temple, reflecting the Roman Catholic tradition of the Angelus bell, calling the faithful to prayer, as well its reference to the angels.[34] Not wanting to take on debt, McPherson located a construction firm which would work with her as funds were raised "by faith".[35] She started with $5,000.[36] The firm indicated it would be enough to carve out a hole for the foundation.
McPherson began a campaign in earnest and was able to mobilize diverse groups of people to help fund and build the new church. Various fundraising methods were used, such as selling chairs for Temple seating at US $25[37] apiece. In exchange, "chair-holders" got a miniature chair and encouragement to pray daily for the person who would eventually sit in that chair. Her approach worked to generate enthusiastic giving and to create a sense of ownership and family among the contributors.[38]







Raising more money than she had hoped, McPherson altered the original plans, and built a "megachurch" that would draw many followers throughout the years. The endeavor cost contributors around $250,000[39] in actual money spent. However, this price was low for a structure of its size. Costs were kept down by donations of building materials and volunteer labor.[34] McPherson sometimes quipped when she first got to California, all she had was a car, ten dollars[40] and a tambourine.[34] Enrollment grew exceeding 10,000, and was advertised to be the largest single Christian congregation in the world[41] According to church records, Angelus Temple received 40 million visitors within the first seven years[42]
McPherson intended the Angelus Temple as both a place of worship and an ecumenical center for persons of all Christian faiths to meet and build alliances. A wide range of clergy and laypeople consisted of Methodists, Baptists, the Salvation Army, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Adventists, Quakers, Roman Catholics, Mormons, and even secular civic leaders, who came to the Angelus Temple. They were welcomed and many made their way to her podium as guest speakers.[9] Eventually, even Rev. Robert P. Shuler, a once-robust McPherson critic, was featured as a guest preacher.[43]
Because Pentecostalism was not popular in the United States during the 1920s, McPherson avoided the label. She practiced speaking-in-tongues and faith healing within her services, but kept the former to a minimum in sermons to appease mainstream audiences. Discarded medical fittings from persons faith-healed during her services, which included crutches, wheelchairs, and other paraphernalia; were gathered for display in a museum area. As evidence of her early influence by the Salvation Army, McPherson adopted a theme of "lighthouses" for the satellite churches, referring to the parent church as the "Salvation Navy". This was the beginning of McPherson working to plant Foursquare Gospel churches around the country.
Charitable work[edit]




McPherson (left) prepares Christmas food baskets (about 1935)


McPherson strove to develop a church organization which could not only provide for the spiritual, but also the physical needs of the distressed. Though she fervently believed and preached the imminent return of Jesus Christ,[44] she had no idea of how soon that Second Coming might be. Two thoughts pervaded the mind of most devout Pentecostals of the time, "Jesus is coming, therefore how can I get ready," and "how can I help others to get ready?"
For McPherson, part of the answer was to mobilize her Temple congregation and everyone she could reach through radio, telephone, and word of mouth to get involved in substantial amounts of charity and social work. "True Christianity is not only to be good but to do good," she preached. The Charities and Beneficiary Department collected donations for all types of humanitarian relief to include a Japanese disaster, as well as a German relief fund. Men released from prison were found jobs by a "brotherhood". A "sisterhood" was created, as well, sewing baby clothing for impoverished mothers.[45] Branch churches elsewhere in the country were likewise encouraged to follow the Angelus Temple's example. Even people who considered McPherson's theology almost ridiculous helped out because they saw her church as the best way to assist their community.[46]
In June 1925, after confirming reports of an earthquake in Santa Barbara, McPherson immediately left the parsonage and interrupted a broadcast at a nearby radio station. She took over the microphone from the startled singer and requested food, blankets, clothing, or whatever listeners could give for emergency supplies to assist nearby Santa Barbara. As the Red Cross met to discuss and organize aid, McPherson's second convoy had already arrived at the troubled city.[47] In 1928, after a dam failed and the ensuing flood left up to 600 dead in its wake, McPherson's church led the relief effort.[48] Later, in 1933, an earthquake struck and devastated Long Beach. McPherson quickly arranged for volunteers to be on the scene with blankets, coffee, and doughnuts.[49]




Men wait in line to enter Aimee Semple McPherson's Angelus Temple Free Dining Hall & Commissary, located at 2210 W. Temple Street. At the time she was married to David Hutton and all branding reflected his last name.


Drawing from her childhood experience with the Salvation Army, in 1927, McPherson opened a commissary at Angelus Temple which was devised to assist the needy on a much larger, formalized scale. The Commissary was virtually the only place in town a person could get food, clothing, and blankets with no questions asked. It was open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and became active in creating soup kitchens, free clinics, and other charitable activities as the Great Depression wore on. She fed an estimated 1.5 million people. When the government shut down the free school-lunch program, McPherson took it over. Her policy of giving first and investigating afterward allowed waste and a certain number of deadbeats to leech off the program, but it "alleviated suffering on an epic scale".[50]
McPherson got the fire and police departments to assist in distribution. Doctors, physicians, and dentists were persuaded to staff her free clinic that trained 500 nurses to help treat children and the elderly. She encouraged individuals and companies of all types to donate supplies, food, cash, or labor. To prevent the power from being turned off to homes of overdue accounts during the winter, a $2,000[51] cash reserve was set up with the utility company. Many people, who otherwise would have nothing to do with the Angelus Temple, would receive a call from McPherson, and then loot their mansion closets or company stores for something to give. The Yellow Cab Company donated a large building and, in the first month, 80,000 people received meals there.[52][53]
Laboring under a sign "Everybody and anybody is somebody to Jesus", volunteer workers filled commissary baskets with an assortment of food and other items, as well as Foursquare Gospel literature, and handed them out. Even a complete kit designed to care for newborn babies was available. A reporter wrote he had always thought the breadline was a "drab colorless scar on our civilization", but of the Angelus Temple commissary, he observed, was "the warm garment of sympathy and Christian succor."[54] A note, which reflects the sentiment of many of those who received assistance, was left in June, 2010 at McPherson's virtual gravesite:

"My grandpa always talked about when he was a kid, he and his family moved to California from Missouri, during the depression, and his family was starving and they met you and you gave them a bag of vegetables, and some money, he never forgot it." -Anonymous[55]

Establishing an employment bureau, as well, McPherson desired to help "the discouraged husband, the despondent widow, or the little mother who wants extra work to bear the burden of a sick husband".[56] She expected everyone in her temple to be involved, 'let us ever strive to lighten our brother's load and dry the tears of a sister; race, creed or status make no difference. We are all one in the eyes of the Lord." She encouraged members to think of the commissary as widening "the spirituality of the whole church".[57]




Line of unemployed men getting meals at dining hall run by Aimee Semple McPherson, 1932.


In 1932, the commissary was raided by police to allegedly locate a still used to make brandy out of donated apricots. Some sauerkraut and salad oil were purportedly observed leaking from their respective storage areas. As a consequence, the commissary was briefly shut down. The press got involved and the public demanded an investigation. Since no one really wanted to stall the temple's charity efforts, the acceptable solution was to replace the immediate management. The staff was let go and students from her Foursquare Gospel Church's LIFE Bible College filled in. The newspaper media, generally cynical of the Temple and in particular, of McPherson, recognized "the excellent features of that organization's efforts" and "the faults of the Angelus Temple are outweighed by its virtues".[58] McPherson issued a statement declaring, "They have clashed loud their cymbals and blown their trumpets about a still and some sauerkraut,... our work is still before us. If...anybody abused his trust, it must not happen again."[59]
As McPherson tried to avoid administrative delays in categorizing the "deserving" from the "undeserving", her temple commissary became known as one of the region's most effective and inclusive aid institutions. Few soup kitchens lasted more than several months, but McPherson's remained open.[54] Even as she transformed herself into a fashionable blonde Hollywood socialite, McPherson's vigor and practicality for social activism did not change; she loved organizing big projects.[60] A 1936 survey indicated the Angelus Temple assisted more family units than any other public or private institution in the city. Because her programs aided nonresidents, as well, such as migrants from other states and Mexico, she ran afoul of California state regulations. Though temple guidelines were later officially adjusted to accommodate those policies, helping families in need was a priority, regardless of their place of residence.[61]
Actor Anthony Quinn recalls:

"This was all during the height of the Depression, when hunger and poverty permeated America. Many Mexicans were terrified of appealing for county help because most of them were in the country illegally. When in distress, they were comforted by the fact that they could call one of Aimee's branches at any time of the night. There, they would never be asked any of the embarrassing questions posed by the authorities. The fact that they were hungry or in need of warm clothing was enough. No one even asked if they belonged to Aimee's church or not."[62]

Ministry[edit]
Style of ministry[edit]
In August 1925 and away from Los Angeles, McPherson decided to charter a plane so she would not miss giving her Sunday sermon. Aware of the opportunity for publicity, she arranged for at least 2000 followers and members of the press to be present at the airport. The plane failed after takeoff and the landing gear collapsed, sending the nose of the plane into the ground. McPherson boarded another plane and used the experience as the narrative of an illustrated Sunday sermon called "The Heavenly Airplane".[63] The stage in Angelus Temple was set up with two miniature planes and a skyline that looked like Los Angeles. In this sermon, McPherson described how the first plane had the devil for the pilot, sin for the engine, and temptation as the propeller. The other plane, however, was piloted by Jesus and would lead one to the Holy City (the skyline shown on stage). The temple was filled beyond capacity.




Angelus Temple completed in 1923, is the center of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel founded by McPherson. In 1992, Angelus Temple was designated a National Historic Landmark. It is still in active use.


On another occasion, she described being pulled over by a police officer, calling the sermon "Arrested for Speeding". Dressed in a traffic cop's uniform, she sat in the saddle of a police motorcycle, earlier placed on the stage, and revved the siren.[63] One author in attendance, insisted she actually drove the motorcycle, with its deafening roar, across the access ramp to the pulpit, slammed on the brakes, then raised a white-gloved hand to shout "Stop! You're speeding to Hell!"[64] Since McPherson gave some of her sermons more than once, and with variations, the possibility existed both versions might be true.
McPherson employed a small group of artists, electricians, decorators, and carpenters, who built the sets for each Sunday's service. Religious music was played by an orchestra. McPherson also worked on elaborate sacred operas. One production, The Iron Furnace, based on the book of Exodus, told of God’s deliverance as the Israelites fled slavery in Egypt. Some Hollywood movie stars even assisted with obtaining costumes from local studios. The cast was large, perhaps as many as 450 people, but so elaborate and expensive, it was presented only one time. Rehearsals for the various productions were time-consuming and McPherson "did not tolerate any nonsense." Though described as "always kind and loving", McPherson demanded respect regarding the divine message the sacred operas and her other works were designed to convey.[65]




Aimee Semple McPherson surrounded by massed choirs at Angelus Temple for a musical requiem in 1929.


Even though McPherson condemned theater and film as the devil's workshop, its secrets and effects were co-opted. She became the first woman evangelist to adopt the whole technique of the moving picture star.[66] McPherson desired to avoid the dreary church service where by obligation parishioners would go to fulfill some duty by being present in the pew. She wanted a sacred drama that would compete with the excitement of vaudeville and the movies. The message was serious, but the tone more along the lines of a humorous musical comedy. Animals were frequently incorporated and McPherson, the once farm girl, knew how to handle them. McPherson gave up to 22 sermons a week and the lavish Sunday night service attracted the largest crowds, extra trolleys and police were needed to help route the traffic through Echo Park to and from Angelus Temple.[67] To finance the Angelus Temple and its projects, collections were taken at every meeting, often with the admonishment, "no coins, please".[68][69][70][71]
McPherson preached a conservative gospel, but used progressive methods, taking advantage of radio, movies, and stage acts. Advocacy for women's rights was on the rise, including women's suffrage through the 19th Amendment. She attracted some women associated with modernism, but others were put off by the contrast between her different theories. By accepting and using such new media outlets, McPherson helped integrate them into people’s daily lives. Sister McPherson used the media to her advantage as she became the "first modern celebrity preacher."[72]




Minister Aimee Semple McPherson and a group of tambourine players leading a service at Angelus Temple. She was very innovative in producing weekly dramas illustrating religious themes.


The battle between fundamentalists and modernists escalated after World War I, with many modernists seeking less conservative religious faiths.[73] Fundamentalists generally believed their religious faith should influence every aspect of their lives. McPherson sought to eradicate modernism and secularism in homes, churches, schools, and communities. She developed a strong following in what McPherson termed "the Foursquare Gospel" by blending contemporary culture with religious teachings. McPherson was entirely capable of sustaining a protracted intellectual discourse as her Bible students and debate opponents will attest. But she believed in preaching the gospel with simplicity and power, so as to not confuse the message. Her distinct voice and visual descriptions created a crowd excitement "bordering on hysteria."[74]
The appeal of McPherson's 30 or so revival events from 1919 to 1922 surpassed any touring event of theater or politics ever presented in American history. "Neither Houdini nor Teddy Roosevelt had such an audience nor PT Barnum."[74] Her one- to four-week meetings typically overflowed any building she could find to hold them. She broke attendance records recently set by Billy Sunday[3] and frequently used his temporary tabernacle structures in which to hold some of her meetings. Her revivals were often standing-room only. One such revival was held in a boxing ring, with the meeting before and after the match. Throughout the boxing event, she walked about with a sign reading "knock out the Devil". In San Diego, California, the city called in the National Guard and other branches of the armed forces to control a revival crowd over 30,000 people. She became one of the most photographed persons of her time. She enjoyed the publicity and quotes on almost every subject were sought from her by journalists.
Faith Healing Ministry[edit]
Main article: Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson
McPherson's ability to draw crowds was also greatly assisted by her apparently successful faith healing presentations. Almost by accident she discovered when she laid hands on sick or injured persons, they got well. One early McPherson biographer, Nancy Barr Mavity described the healing power "beyond her conscience [sic] control" and "profoundly troubling" however a phenomenon familiar to the psychiatrist although "none the less [sic] mysterious." [75]
During a 1916 revival meeting in Corona, Long Island, New York, a young woman in the advanced stages of rheumatoid arthritis was brought to the altar by friends. McPherson would have preferred to pray with her privately. However, the woman insisted upon immediate prayer. McPherson laid hands on her and prayed. Before the gathered parishioners, the woman walked out of the church without crutches.[76] McPherson's reputation as a faith healer rapidly became known and the sick and injured people came to her by the tens of thousands.
The Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson was extensively written about in the news media and was a large part of her early career legacy.[77] No one has ever been credited by secular witnesses with anywhere near the numbers of faith healings attributed to McPherson, especially during the years 1919 to 1922.[78] Over time, though, she almost withdrew from the faith-healing aspect of her services, since it was overwhelming[79] other areas of her ministry. Scheduled weekly and monthly healing sessions nevertheless remained highly popular with the public until her death in 1944.
The "Foursquare Church"[edit]




Foursquare Church logo


Eventually, McPherson's church evolved into its own denomination and became known as the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (usually referenced as the "Foursquare Church"). Foursquare is an alternative word for Full Gospel (a term used by Pentecostals), referencing the nature of Christ's character: that he was Savior, baptizer with the Holy Spirit, healer, and soon-coming King. The four main beliefs were: the first being Christ's ability to transform individuals' lives through the act of salvation; the second focused on a holy baptism which includes receiving power to glorify and exalt Christ in a practical way; the third was divine healing, newness of life for both body and spirit; and the fourth was gospel-oriented heed to the premillennial return of Jesus Christ.
McPherson published the weekly Foursquare Crusader, along with her monthly magazine, Bridal Call. She began broadcasting on radio in the early 1920s. On a Sunday morning in April 1922, the Rockridge Radio Station in Oakland CA; offered her some radio time and she became the first woman to preach a sermon over the "wireless telephone."[80] With the opening of Foursquare Gospel-owned KFSG on February 6, 1924, she became the second woman granted a broadcast license by the Department of Commerce, the federal agency that supervised broadcasting in the early 1920s.[81]
McPherson racially integrated her tent meetings and church services. On one occasion, as a response to McPherson's ministry and Angelus Temple being integrated, Ku Klux Klan members were in attendance, but after the service, hoods and robes were found on the ground in nearby Echo Park.[82] She is also credited with helping many Hispanic ministries in Los Angeles.[83]
McPherson traveling about the country holding widely popular revival meetings and filling local churches with converts was one thing, settling permanently into their city caused concern among some local Los Angeles churches. Though she shared many of their fundamentalist beliefs, such as divine inspiration of the Bible, the classical Trinity, virgin birth of Jesus, historical reality of Christ's miracles, bodily resurrection of Christ, and the atoning purpose of his crucifixion; the presentation of lavish sermons, and an effective faith-healing ministry presented by a female divorcee whom thousands adored and about whom newspapers continuously wrote, was unexpected. Moreover, the Temple, especially the women, had a look and style uniquely theirs. They would emulate McPherson's style and dress, and a distinct Angelus Temple uniform came into existence, a white dress with a navy blue cape thrown over it.[84] Men were more discreet, wearing suits. Her voice, projected over the powerful state-of-the-art KFSG radio station and heard by hundreds of thousands, became the most recognized in the western United States.[85]




McPherson preaching at the newly built Angelus Temple in 1923: Her messages showcased the love of God, redemption, and the joys of service and heaven, contrasting sharply with the fire-and-brimstone style of sermon delivery popular with many of her peers.


Her illustrated sermons attracted criticism from some clergy members because they thought it turned the Gospel message into mundane theater and entertainment. Divine healing, as McPherson called it, was claimed by many pastors to be a unique dispensation granted only for Apostolic times. Rival radio evangelist Reverend Robert P. Shuler published a pamphlet entitled McPhersonism, which purported that her "most spectacular and advertised program was out of harmony with God's word."[86] Debates such as the Bogard-McPherson debate in 1934[87] drew further attention to the controversy, but none could really argue effectively against McPherson's results.[88][89][90]
The new developing Assemblies of God denomination, Pentecostal as McPherson was, for a time worked with her, but they encouraged separation from established Protestant faiths. McPherson resisted trends to isolate as a denomination and continued her task of coalition-building among evangelicals. McPherson worked hard to attain ecumenical vision of the faith, and while she participated in debates, avoided pitched rhetorical battles that divided so many in Christianity. She wanted to work with existing churches on projects and to share with them her visions and beliefs.
Assisting in her passion was the speedy establishment of LIFE Bible College adjacent to the Angeles Temple. Ministers trained there were originally intended to go nationally and worldwide to all denominations and share her newly defined "Foursquare Gospel." A well-known Methodist minister, Frank Thompson, who never had the Pentecostal experience,[91] was persuaded to run the college, and he taught the students the doctrine of John Wesley. McPherson and others, meanwhile, infused them with Pentecostal ideals. For about a year, Antonia Frederick Futterer, suggested by Los Angeles Times as the inspiration for Steven Spielberg's film character, Indiana Jones, was also a facility member.[92][93] McPherson's efforts eventually led Pentecostals, which were previously unconventional and on the periphery of Christianity, into the mainstream of American evangelicalism.[9]
Life in the media spotlight[edit]
Media relations[edit]
By early 1926, McPherson had become one of the most charismatic and influential women and ministers of her time. Her fame equaled, to name a few, Charles Lindbergh, Johnny Weissmuller, Jack Dempsey, Babe Ruth, Ty Cobb, Knute Rockne, Bobby Jones, Louise Brooks, and Rudolph Valentino.[94] She was a major American phenomenon, who along with some other high-profile preachers of the time, unlike Hollywood celebrities, could be admired by their adoring public, "without apparently compromising their souls."[95]
According to Carey McWilliams, she had become "more than just a household word: she was a folk hero and a civic institution; an honorary member of the fire and police departments; a patron saint of the service clubs; an official spokesman for the community on problems grave and frivolous."[96] She was influential in many social, educational and political areas. McPherson made personal crusades against anything that she felt threatened her Christian ideals, including the drinking of alcohol and teaching evolution in schools.
McPherson became a strong supporter of William Jennings Bryan during the 1925 Scopes trial, in which John Scopes was tried for illegally teaching evolution at a Dayton, Tennessee, school. Bryan and McPherson had worked together in the Angelus Temple and they believed Darwinism had undermined students' morality. According to The New Yorker, McPherson said, evolution "is the greatest triumph of Satanic intelligence in 5,931 years of devilish warfare, against the Hosts of Heaven. It is poisoning the minds of the children of the nation."[97] She sent Bryan a telegram saying, "Ten thousand members of Angelus Temple with her millions of radio church membership send grateful appreciation of your lion-hearted championship of the Bible against evolution and throw our hats in the ring with you."[98] She organized "an all-night prayer service, a massive church meeting preceded by a Bible parade through Los Angeles."[99]
Politics[edit]
While her mother Mildred Kennedy was a registered Democrat, no one was certain of McPherson's registration. She endorsed Herbert Hoover over Franklin D. Roosevelt, but enthusiastically threw her support behind the latter and his social programs when he was elected into office.[100] She was a patron of organized labor, preaching a gangster's money was "no more unclean than the dollars of the man who amasses his millions from underpaid factory workers".[101] She was more cautious, though, when labor strikes resulted in violent uprisings. She saw in them the possible activities of Communism, which sought to infiltrate labor unions and other organizations. McPherson intensely disliked Communism and its derivatives as they sought to rule without God; their ultimate goal, she believed, was to remove Christianity from the earth. McPherson's opinion of fascism fared no better; its totalitarian rule was wrongly justified by claiming to represent the power of God.[102]
McPherson did not align herself consistently with any broad conservative or liberal political agenda. Instead, she explained if Christianity occupied a central place in national life, and if the components of God, home, school and government were kept together, everything else would fall into place. "Remove any of these," she warned, "and [civilization] topples, crumbles."[103][104] Current Foursquare Gospel Church leaders qualify the evangelist's views: "McPherson’s passion to see America sustained in spiritual health, which compelled her quest to see the Church influence government, must be interpreted in light of the political and religious climate of the 1920s, 30s, and 40s. It is not accurate to draw a parallel between today’s extreme fundamentalist, right-wing Christianity and the style or focus of Sister McPherson."[105] She was also among the first prominent Christian ministers to defend the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine. She related that when Christ returns, the Jews would receive him, their suffering will end, "and they will establish at Jerusalem a kingdom more wonderful than the world has known."[106]
Reported kidnapping[edit]
Disappearance from Venice Beach[edit]
Main article: Reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson




Minnie Kennedy doing radio interview with deep-sea diver R.C. Crawford during search for McPherson's body in Santa Monica, Calif., 1926


The reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson caused a frenzy in national media and changed her life and the course of her career. After disappearing in May, 1926, she reappeared in Mexico five weeks later, stating she had been held for ransom in a desert shack there. The subsequent grand-jury inquiries over her reported kidnapping and escape precipitated continued public interest in her future misfortunes.
On May 18, 1926, McPherson went with her secretary to Ocean Park Beach north of Venice Beach to swim. Soon after arriving, McPherson was nowhere to be found. It was thought she had drowned. Searchers combed the beach and nearby area, but could not locate her body. The Angelus Temple received letters and calls claiming knowledge of McPherson, including demands for ransom. McPherson sightings occurred around the country, often in widely divergent locations many miles apart on the same day. As a precaution, the ransom notes were sent to the police who investigated at least one of them. Mildred Kennedy, though, regarded the messages as hoaxes, believing her daughter dead.[107]
As the Angelus Temple prepared for a memorial service commemorating McPherson's death, Kennedy received a phone call from Douglas, Arizona. Her daughter was alive. The distraught McPherson was resting in a Douglas hospital and related her story to officials.




After emerging from the Mexican desert, McPherson convalesces in a hospital with her family in Douglas, Arizona, 1926. District Attorney Asa Keyes stands to the far left with Mildred Kennedy (mother) next to Roberta Star Semple, middle left (daughter). On the far right, Deputy District Attorney Joseph Ryan is alongside her son, Rolf McPherson.


On the beach, May 19, 1926, McPherson said she had been approached by a young couple who wanted prayer for their sick child. McPherson went with them to their car and was suddenly shoved inside. A cloth, presumably laced with chloroform, was held against her face, causing her to pass out. Eventually, she was moved to an adobe shack far in the desert. Two kidnappers, Steve and Rose,[108] were her constant companions, with a third unnamed man, occasionally visiting. When at last, all her captors were away on errands, she escaped out a window.
Using a mountain as a landmark, she traveled through the desert for around 11–13 hours across an estimated distance of 20 miles (32 km). Around 1:00 am she reached Agua Prieta, Sonora, a Mexican border town, and collapsed near a house there. She was assisted by the residents and finally taken to adjacent Douglas.
Return to Los Angeles[edit]
After leaving Douglas, McPherson was greeted at the Los Angeles train station by 30,000–50,000 people, more than for almost any other personage.[109] The parade back to the temple even elicited a greater turnout than President Woodrow Wilson's visit to Los Angeles in 1919, attesting to her popularity and the growing influence of mass media entertainment.[110][111][112] Already incensed over McPherson's influential public stance on evolution and the Bible, most of the Chamber of Commerce and some other civic leaders, saw the event as gaudy display; nationally embarrassing to the city. Many Los Angeles area churches were also annoyed.
The story received nationwide coverage. Then, speculations, together with alleged witnesses, began to emerge that her disappearance might have been caused by other than the kidnapping event McPherson described. Against the wishes of her mother, who thought the press would continue to unfavorably exploit the story, McPherson decided for vindication and presented her complaint in court. A grand jury inquiry convened to determine if enough evidence could be found to indict any kidnappers. However, pressured by various influential community groups, the court instead intensely investigated McPherson, her family, and acquaintances to determine if the kidnapping was fabricated.[113][114] District Attorney Asa Keyes led the prosecution against her. He was known for winning convictions, but six persons he sent to prison were found to be innocent and pardoned by the state governor.[115]
Grand jury inquiry[edit]
The grand jury inquiries were first convened on July 8, 1926, adjourned and reconvened, holding sessions through the summer of 1926 accompanied by intense media interest. The proceedings were supposed to be secret as per California law, though the Los Angeles court spoke about it to the newspapers.[116] Issues of trial by media and court of public opinion were apparent, as much of the proclaimed evidence against McPherson came from reporters who featured it in their news articles and passed it on to the police. McPherson also eschewed secrecy and freely used her radio station to broadcast her side of the story. Evidence and testimonies were hotly debated by an evenly divided public. On November 3, the case was determined to be moved to jury trial set for mid-January, 1927. Along with McPherson and her mother, several other defendants were charged in the inquiry. If convicted, the counts added up to maximum prison time of 42 years.[117][118][119]
Various speculations were proffered by the news media and prosecution as to the reason for McPherson's disappearance. The one they settled on most strongly was she ran off with an ex-employee, Kenneth Ormiston. She was accused of staying with him in a California resort town cottage until May 29. The time frame of Ormiston's seaside cottage rental coincided with the first 10 days of her disappearance. However, a missing three-week period afterwards was not accounted for with any evidence in court by the prosecution. In response, the evangelist maintained all along, without changing anything in her story, that she was taken, held captive by the kidnappers, and escaped as she originally described.
As the prosecution tried to break down her story, defense witnesses corroborated her assertions [120][121][122][123] or McPherson herself demonstrated how the disputed parts were plausible[124] In contrast, the prosecution's case developed serious credibility issues. Witnesses changed their testimonies[125] and evidence often had suspicious origins[126] or was mishandled while in custody[127][128] Finally, on January 2, 1927, Ormiston identified Elizabeth Tovey, a nurse from Seattle, Washington, as his female companion and the woman who stayed with him at the seaside cottage.[129] All charges against McPherson and associated parties were dropped by the court for the lack of evidence on January 10, 1927.
After the case dismissal[edit]
Regardless of the court's decision, months of unfavorable press reports fixed in much of the public's mind a certainty of McPherson's wrongdoing. The newspapers had a vested interest in keeping the controversy going, since it generated huge sales. The bulk of the investigation against McPherson was funded by Los Angeles-area newspapers at an estimated amount of $500,000.[130][131]
Some supporters thought McPherson should have insisted on the jury trial and clear her name. The grand jury inquiry concluded while enough evidence did not exist to try her, it did not indicate her story was true with its implication of kidnappers still at large. Court costs to McPherson were estimated to be as high as $100,000.[132][133] A jury trial could take months. McPherson moved on to other projects. In 1927, she published a book about her version of the kidnapping: In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life.
Various influential individuals offered their opinions on the inquiry. In a letter to the Los Angeles Times, a few months after the case was dropped, the Reverend Robert P. Shuler stated, "Perhaps the most serious thing about this whole situation is the seeming loyalty of thousands to this leader in the face of her evident and positively proven guilt."[134]
H.L. Mencken, noted journalist, satirist, cultural critic, and scholar and an ideological opponent of McPherson, opposite each other in the 1925 Scopes "Monkey" trial, also commented. He wrote that since many of that town's residents acquired their ideas "of the true, the good and the beautiful" from the movies and newspapers, "Los Angeles will remember the testimony against her long after it forgets the testimony that cleared her."[135]
Claims of extramarital affairs[edit]
During her lifetime[edit]
Numerous allegations of illicit love affairs[136] were often directed against McPherson. Suspected lovers generally denied involvement.[137] For example, Kenneth Ormiston, a married man with a small son,[138] could have profited immensely from an exposé about himself and McPherson.[139] Whether the two had a good working relationship and were friendly with each other was not disputed. During the 1926 kidnapping grand jury trial, reporters and investigators tried to link him amorously to McPherson.[140][141] Ormiston told newspapers his name connected in such a way to the evangelist "was a gross insult to a noble and sincere woman."[142][143]




McPherson was often the target of numerous unsubstantiated sexually related allegations. As reported by the Los Angeles Times, June 4, 1936, this photograph depicts the evangelist reading a note demanding $10,000, else nude motion pictures of her and a friend would be publicly released. When inquired about it in an unrelated interview later that year, she tersely stated nude pictures of her did not exist because none were ever taken.[144]


Alarmed by her rapidly changing style of dress and involvement with Hollywood and its "worldly" lifestyle, in 1929, an Angelus Temple official[145] hired detectives to shadow McPherson. Through her windows, the detectives frequently saw McPherson staying up until the early morning hours composing songs, drafting sacred operas, and scribbling diagrams of her illustrated sermons.[146] They were looking for evidence of her indiscretions, but found nothing. No confirmation of adulterous misconduct,[137] with perhaps exception of her third marriage as a violation of Church tenets, was ever presented. McPherson herself, aware of numerous accusations leveled at her throughout her career, responded only to a small fraction of them, conveying the only thing she had time for was "preaching Jesus".[147]
Posthumously[edit]
Posthumously, unsubstantiated allegations of extramarital affairs continued to emerge, this time by those who stated to have been her partner, claims not mentioned by them or others while she was still alive. Canadian journalist Gordon Sinclair implied such a claim in his 1966 autobiography, Will the Real Gordon Sinclair Please Stand Up. Sinclair stated he worked on a story with McPherson and during one of those times in 1934, the incident purportedly occurred. Sinclair alluded to a sexual dalliance with McPherson one afternoon along with some gin and ginger.[148]
Thirty years after her death, another claim by comedian Milton Berle, in a 1974 autobiography, alleges a brief affair with the evangelist. In his book, titled Milton Berle: An Autobiography, Berle asserts he met McPherson at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles where both were doing a charity show. Biographer Matthew Avery Sutton commented, "Berle, a notorious womanizer whose many tales of scandalous affairs were not always true, claimed to have had sex with McPherson on this and one other occasion", both during a year when McPherson was often ill and bedridden. Sutton noted that Berle's story of a crucifix[149] in McPherson's bedroom was not consistent with the coolness of Pentecostal-Catholic relations during that era.[150] Another book by Milton Berle, Laughingly Yours, which had autobiographical content that was published in 1939 while McPherson was still alive, did not have this claim.[151]
Author Raymond L. Cox states: "Mrs. McPherson's daughter, Roberta Salter of New York, told me, 'Mother never had an apartment in her life.' By 1931, she kept herself securely chaperoned to guard against such allegations." During 1930, the evangelist's appearances and whereabouts can be traced almost every day. She was incapacitated with illness a full five months of that year, and there is no place on her schedule as reported in her publications and church and travel records for the benefit Berle alleged. Besides, Roberta also told Cox, "Mother never did a benefit in her life. She had her own charities".[152]
Later life and career[edit]




McPherson surrounded by flowers, cutting into Angelus Temple cake, 1927. Not one for settling into a predictable routine, she used her birthday, national holidays and other events as themes for church services and gala festivities.


After fallout with press[edit]
Following her heyday in the 1920s, McPherson carried on with her ministry, but fell out of favor with the press. They once dubbed her the "miracle worker"[153] or "miracle woman", reporting extensively on her faith-healing demonstrations, but now were anxious to relay every disturbance in her household to the headlines. Her developing difficulties with her mother, Mildred Kennedy, were starting to take the front page. Yet, McPherson emerged from the kidnapping nationally famous. As much as 10% of the population in Los Angeles held membership in her Temple.[154] For a time, movie studios competed with each other offering McPherson long-term contracts.
Believing that talking pictures had the potential to transform Christianity, McPherson explored Hollywood culture and appeared in newsreels alongside other famous individuals such as Mary Pickford, Frances Perkins, and Franklin D. Roosevelt. She lost weight, cut and dyed her hair, began to wear makeup and jewelry, and became stylish and well-attired. A critic wrote McPherson "can out-dress the Hollywood stars". The solicitation of fame, justified to draw audiences to her and hence to Christ, was more than some in her church organization could accept. They yearned for Sister Aimee "in the old time dress," referring to her previous "trademarked" uniform of a navy cape over a white servant's dress, both purchased inexpensively in bargain basements.[155] Other members, though, loved it, and her Angelus Temple services were as popular as ever and remained so throughout her life. Unless parishioners arrived to a service early, frequently they could not get in; all seats were taken. Now that she could afford it, McPherson thought, as well, she wanted her apparel and display to be the best she could present to Jesus.[154][156]
In early 1927, McPherson immediately set out on a "vindication tour", visiting various cities and taking advantage of the publicity her kidnapping story created to preach the Gospel.[157] Her visit to New York in fox-furs and a finely trimmed yellow suit was noted in the society pages. She visited even nightclubs, to include a famous speakeasy in New York: Texas Guinan’s Three Hundred Club on 54th Street. While McPherson sipped water at her table, Guinan asked if she would speak a few words to the patrons. Delighted, McPherson stood and addressed the jazzed and boozy crowd:

"Behind all these beautiful clothes, behind these good times, in the midst of your lovely buildings and shops and pleasures, there is another life. There is something on the other side. “What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?” With all your getting and playing and good times, do not forget you have a Lord. Take Him into your hearts."

The unexpected speech that did not judge, and had a conciliatory tone between them and the Divine, earned a thoughtful moment of silence from the crowd, then an applause that went on for much longer than the speech took. The revelers were invited to hear her preach at the Glad Tidings Tabernacle on 33rd Street. The visits to speakeasies and nightclubs added to McPherson's notoriety; newspapers reported heavily on them, rumors erroneously conveyed she was drinking, smoking and dancing; and her mother along with some other church members, did not understand McPherson's strategy of tearing down barriers between the secular and religious world, between the sinner and the saved.[158]
Problems with Mildred Kennedy[edit]




Without Mildred Kennedy's conservative financial management, replacement administrators embarked on a spread of ambitious projects that often failed. An example of this was Lake Tahoe lot deals of which the cover of an alleged prospectus describes. Not enough parcels of land were purchased and the subsequent lawsuit brought by investors drew unfavorable publicity and the attention of the district attorney's office.


In the summer of 1927, Mildred Kennedy, McPherson's mother, left the Angelus Temple. In an attempt to curtail her daughter's influence and officially transfer more power to herself, Kennedy initiated a staff-member "vote of confidence" against McPherson, but lost. The two had heatedly argued over management polices and McPherson's changing personal dress and appearance.[159] For similar reasons, 300 members of the choir left, as well. The choir could be replaced;[160] however, Kennedy's financial and administrative skills had been of crucial importance in growing McPherson's ministry from tent revivals to satellite churches and maintaining its current activities in the Temple. A series of less able management staff replaced Kennedy, and the Temple became involved in various questionable projects such as hotel building, cemetery plots, and land sales. Accordingly, the Angelus Temple plummeted deep into debt. In response to the difficulties, Kennedy came back in late 1929, but because of continued serious disagreements with McPherson, tendered her resignation on July 29, 1930.[161] The following month, McPherson suffered a physical and nervous breakdown. For 10 months, she was absent from the pulpit, diagnosed, in part, with acute acidosis.[162]
Resurrecting her career[edit]
When she gained strength and returned, she introduced with renewed vigor her moving "Attar of Roses" sermon, based on the Song of Solomon, with its Rose of Sharon as the mystical Body of Christ. While journalists attending her Sunday illustrated sermons assumed her language was fit only for slapstick or sentimental entertainment, scholars who have studied her work for Bible students and small prayer groups, found instead the complex discourse of neoplatonic interpretation. The Old Testament book, the Song of Solomon, for example, she had hundreds of pages written about it, each "different from one another as snowflakes".[163]
The October 10–18, 1931, revival in Boston started out sluggishly and many predicted its failure. A Los Angeles newspaper ran headlines of the flop and expected more of the same in the days to come. On opening night, McPherson spoke to fewer than 5,000 persons in the 22,000-seat sports arena, and safety pins and rubber bands abundantly cluttered the collection baskets. The city had large populations of Unitarians, Episcopalians, and Catholics, venerable denominations traditionally hostile to a Pentecostal or fundamentalist message. Afterwards, from her hotel room, McPherson, known to be a sports fan, asked for the afternoon's World Series scores and a Boston Herald reporter sent her a copy of the Sunday edition. The next day, the "Bring Back the Bible to Boston" campaign's tone shifted as McPherson took greater control and attendance climbed sharply.[164][165]
A reporter took note of McPherson's stage presence, different from any other evangelist who spoke there, gesturing with her white Bible for effect, as well as preaching. Answering him as to why she presented a dramatic sermon, she stated, "Our God is a dramatic God,... rolling back the Red Sea,... Elijah on the mountaintop,... the crucifixion, the resurrection, His ascension,... tongues of fire on the day of Pentecost." The final day of afternoon and evening services had 40,000 persons attending, the stadium was full, and more than 5,000 had to be turned away. A total of 160,000 people attended the meetings, breaking historic attendance records of any nine days of revival services in Boston.[165]
Her revival in New York City was not very fruitful, as her sensationalistic reputation preceded her. The third marriage to David Hutton, rumored romances, and her kidnapping was what its press and citizens wanted to hear about. Therefore, after a brief pause in New York and Washington, DC, she went on Philadelphia and other cities, traveling to 46 of them in 21 states, speaking to as much as 2% of the entire population of the United States. A full crew of musicians, scene designers, and costumers accompanied McPherson. In this, her last national revival tour, between September 1933 and December 20, 1934, two million persons heard 336 sermons. Many more were reached by 45 radio stations.[166]
The Boston Evening Traveler newspaper reported:

"Aimee's religion is a religion of joy. There is happiness in it. Her voice is easy to listen to. She does not appeal to the brain and try to hammer religion into the heads of her audience. Rather, she appeals to the hearts of her hearers. She radiates friendliness. She creates an atmosphere that is warming. She is persuasive, rather than forceful; gracious and kindly, rather than compelling. Fundamentally she takes the whole Bible literally, from cover to cover."[165]

Nevertheless, she was not a radical literalist. In an informal meeting with some Harvard students, McPherson told them that Genesis allowed great latitude of interpretation, and that neither she nor the Bible insisted the world was created only 6,000 years ago.[167] In another meeting with students, she heard their assertion the teachings of Christ have outlived their usefulness; education, science and cold reasoning were the new saviors of the world. Thus compelled, McPherson decided to travel and look at the world with new eyes.[168] In 1935, McPherson embarked on a worldwide six-month discovery tour to examine the social, religious, and economic climates of many countries. At one point, it was earlier reported she wanted to study the women's movement in connection with the campaign for the independence of India, and was anxious to have "a chat with Mahatma Gandhi".[4] She received an invitation from him and he gave her a sari made from threads woven from his simple spinning wheel. Impressed with Gandhi and his ideas, McPherson thought he might secretly lean towards Christianity, his dedication possibly coming from catching "a glimpse of the cleansing, lifting, strengthening power of the Nazarene".[169]
Other highlights included traversing barefoot, in Myanmar, the lengthy stone path to the Great Pagoda, a gold-covered 325-ft tiered tower enshrining relics of four Buddhas, which caught and reflected the rays of the sun, a "vision of breath-taking glory."[170] She heard Benito Mussolini speak in Italy, and fretted war would again ensue. In the rain, at Verdun, France, she sat on a wrecked military vehicle in mournful contemplation of the hundreds of thousands who died on the still-uncleared battlefield. White, bleached bones of the fallen poked out of the earth, and nearby, laborers toiled carefully at their dangerous iron harvest, collecting old munitions for disposal.
In mid-1936, a delegation who had been involved with the 1906 Azusa Street Mission Revivals, including Emma Cotton, asked if they could use the Angelus Temple for their 30th Anniversary Celebration. The original mission building was demolished and its land unavailable. African American Evangelist Emma Cotton and McPherson therefore organized a series of meetings which also marked her enthusiastic reidentification with the Pentecostal movement. McPherson's experiments of Hollywood celebrity ambitions coexisting with her ministry were not as successful as she hoped. Alliances with other church groups were failing or no longer in effect, and she searched for ways to start again. Therefore, she looked to her spiritual origins and allowed for the possibility of reintroducing even the more alarming aspects of the Pentecostal experience into her public meetings. Temple officials were concerned the Azusa people might bring in some "wildfire and Holy Rollerism". McPherson indicated she would turn hand springs with them as needed to see the power of God manifest.
The Azusa Street Revival commemoration events brought numbers of black leaders to her pulpit. The original attendees of the Azusa revivals filled the Angelus Temple along with every ethnic minority, "the saints who were once smelted together with the fires of Pentecost" were "being reunited, rewelded, and rejuvenated." McPherson recommitted herself to the dissemination of "classic Pentecostalism", and her concern now was that Foursquaredom was in the danger of becoming too "churchy". For the first time since the Temple opened, McPherson began to publicly deliver some of her messages in tongues. McPherson traversed the line between cold formality and wildfire and now decided it was easier to cool down a hot fanatic than to resuscitate a corpse. Future meetings to celebrate the Azusa Street Revivals included guest Charles H. Mason, a founder of the Churches of God in Christ. Mason, an Azusa leader, was also one of the most significant African American religious figures in United States history and was frequently hosted at the Angelus Temple.[171]




Roberta Star Semple, (left) McPherson's daughter; Aimee Semple-McPherson (middle); and Rheba Crawford Splivalo, assistant pastor,(right) at a parade in 1935


Problems with the Temple[edit]
Also in 1936, McPherson reassigned staff responsibilities in an effort to address the Temple's financial difficulties. This, together with other unresolved issues, accelerated simmering tensions among various staff members. Rumors circulated that "Angel of Broadway", charismatic evangelist Rheba Crawford Splivalo, who had been working extensively with McPherson for several years, planned to take the Angelus Temple from her. McPherson asked Splivalo to "leave town".[164] In the course of the staff controversy, McPherson's lawyer issued a strongly worded press release that upset Roberta Star Semple, McPherson's daughter, and led her to initiate a $150,000[172] lawsuit against him for slander. Splivalo also sued McPherson for $1,080,000[173] because of alleged statements calling her a ‘Jezebel and a Judas’ and "unfit to stand in the Angelus Temple pulpit".[174][175]
The two lawsuits filed by Semple and Splivalo were not related, but McPherson did not see it that way. She saw both as part of the Temple takeover plot. McPherson's mother was also involved and sided with Semple, her granddaughter, making unflattering statements about McPherson to the press. In these charged circumstances, McPherson's defense of herself and her lawyer in a public trial was dramatic and theatrical. She testified tearfully with swoons and faints about how her daughter conspired with others against her.[176] Her daughter's lawyer, meanwhile, mocked McPherson by imitating her mannerisms and making faces at her.[177] The trial did much to estrange McPherson from her daughter. The judge ruled for Semple, giving a $2,000[178] judgment in her favor. Semple then moved to New York. Splivalo and the Temple settled their suit out of court for the "cause of religion and the good of the community."[179]
With Kennedy, Semple, and Splivalo gone, the Temple lost much of its talented leadership. However, McPherson found a competent and firm administrator in Giles Knight, who was able to bring the Temple out of debt, dispose of the 40 or so lawsuits, and eliminate the more spurious projects. He sequestered McPherson, allowed her to receive only a few personal visitors, and carefully regulated her activities outside the Temple. This period was one of unprecedented creativity for McPherson. No longer distracted by waves of reporters, reams of lawsuits, and innumerable individuals demanding her attention, she became very accomplished in her illustrative sermon style of Gospel preaching. The irreligious Charlie Chaplin would secretly attend her services, enjoying her sermons. She later met and consulted with Chaplin on ways to improve her presentations. McPherson, who earlier blared across newspaper headlines as many as three times a week, in one alleged scandal or another, had her public image much improved. Her adversary, Reverend Robert P. Shuler, who previously attacked her by radio, magazine, pulpit, and pamphlet, proclaimed "Aimee's missionary work was the envy of Methodists".[180] He also expressed his support of her Foursquare Church application admittance into National Association of Evangelicals for United Action in 1943.[9]
Her efforts at making interracial revival a reality at Angelus Temple continued. She welcomed blacks into the congregation and pulpit. While race riots burned Detroit in 1943, McPherson publicly converted the notorious black former heavyweight champion Jack Johnson on the Temple stage and embraced him “as he raised his hand in worship”.[181][182]
War years[edit]
Views on war[edit]
Pacifism, which was a component of Pentecostalism, was evaluated by the Foursquare Gospel Church in the 1930s with official statements and documents which were further revised by McPherson. A press quote attributed to McPherson, in reference to Mahatma Gandhi, appears to explore the concept, "I want to incorporate the ideals of India with my own...."[4] Additionally, Clinton Howard, the chairman of the World Peace Commission, was invited to speak at the Angelus Temple. In 1932, she promoted disarmament, "If the nations of the world would stop building warships and equipping armies[,] we would be all but overwhelmed with prosperity."[183]
Foursquare leaders, alarmed at rapid changes of technology, especially sea and air, which challenged the United States' isolation and security, decided to officially draw up an amendment inclusive of varied opinions in regards to military service. The idea that one could trust to bear arms in a righteous cause, as well as believing the killing of others, even in connection to military service, would endanger their souls; both views were acceptable.[184]
Reaction to war[edit]
McPherson kept a canny eye on the international events leading up to the Second World War, citing the probability of a much more terrible conflict than the one that passed 20 years earlier. In a sermon, she described a recently conquered country which had the Cross and other religious symbols in their schools removed; in their place was a portrait of a certain man. Instead of prayer, their school day began with a distinctive salute to this person. The destructive apocalypse of John the Apostle, with its expected high civilian casualties, followed by the Second Coming of Christ, it seemed, was at hand. Even if submarines were hiding in the depths of the sea, they could not escape the terror that would befall them.[185]




Congregation at Angelus Temple during 14-hour Holy Ghost service led by Aimee Semple McPherson, Los Angeles, Calif., 1942


All-night prayer meetings were held Friday nights at the Angelus Temple, starting in 1940, the year when Germany was overrunning Belgium, the Netherlands, and France. She asked other Foursquare churches around the country to follow suit. She sent President Franklin Roosevelt's secretary, Mr. Stephen Early, as well as some other leaders, an outline of her plans. Prayer, to her, was even more powerful than the implements of war. Various officials expressed their appreciation, including the governor of California.[186] Early passed on a reply back from Roosevelt: a message of thanks for her work. A month later, Roosevelt declared a National Day of Prayer to "beseech the Ruler of the Universe to bless our Republic." Foursquare leaders thought McPherson may have inspired it, and perhaps the President of the United States was looking to her for spiritual leadership of the nation.[187]
At the outbreak of World War II, McPherson rejected the Christian pacifism of many in the Pentecostal movement, including those of her own church. Her mind was set on doing what ever it took to assist the United States in winning the war, "It is the Bible against Mein Kampf. It is the Cross against the Swastika. It is God against the antichrist of Japan,... This is no time for pacifism."[188] The Angelus Temple itself became a visible symbol of home front sacrifice for the war effort. If necessary, it was announced, the building could be used for an air raid shelter. The distinctive white dome was painted over with black paint and its beautiful stained-glass windows were covered up. The Temple, like other buildings in the city, had to have any opening or window that could emit visible light at night, covered. One evening in May 1942, to advertise the need to conserve gasoline and rubber, McPherson herself drove a horse and buggy to the Angelus Temple.[186]
Rubber and other drives were organized, and unlimited airtime on her radio station, KFSG, was given to the Office of War Information. She asked parishioners and other listeners to donate two hours a day for such tasks as rolling bandages "so that a soldier's bandage could be changed.... And let us give our blood to help every one." Money was raised to provide local military bases with comfortable furnishings and radios. Newsweek published an article about McPherson, "The World's Greatest Living Minister", on July 19, 1943, noting she had collected 2,800 pints of blood for the Red Cross; servicemen in her audience are especially honored, and the climax of her church services is when she reads the National Anthem.[189]
McPherson gave visiting servicemen autographed Bibles. She observed they often had no religious affiliation and did not even own a Bible. She wrote:

"What a privilege it was to invite the servicemen present in every Sunday night meeting to come to the platform, where I greeted them, gave each one a New Testament, and knelt in prayer with them for their spiritual needs, and God’s guidance and protection on their lives. Later, when the altar call would be given, many of these same servicemen would make another trip to the platform publicly to receive Jesus Christ as their personal savior."[186]

She insulted Adolf Hitler and Hideki Tōjō, and became involved in war bond rallies. Pershing Square's Victory House in Los Angeles never saw a bigger crowd. McPherson sold $150,000[190][191][192][193] worth of bonds in one hour on June 20, 1942, breaking all previous records, then repeated the performance again on July 4, 1944.[194][195] The U.S. Treasury awarded her a special citation. The Army made McPherson an honorary colonel.
Her wartime activities included sermons that linked the church and American patriotism.[196] McPherson spoke to the men in uniform of her belief that military action against the Axis powers was long overdue. And more so than in almost any war previously, she felt that if they did not prevail, churches, homes, and everything precious and dear to the Christian would absolutely be destroyed.[197]
McPherson's embrace of the total war strategy of the United States left her open to some criticism. The line between the church as an independent moral authority monitoring government became blurred, perceived instead, as complicit with that same governance. Wrongs being done to Japanese Americans through their internment in relocation camps were being overlooked, for example. And she refused to allow her denomination to support Christians who remained committed pacifists. Even if conscientious objectors were willing to participate in noncombat roles, more was needed. Church members and leaders had to be willing to take up arms and fight for the United States. The pacifist clause which earlier existed was, by her proposal, voted upon and eliminated by Foursquare Gospel Church leaders.[197]
Death[edit]




McPherson's grave


On September 26, 1944, McPherson went to Oakland, California, for a series of revivals, planning to preach her popular "Story of My Life" sermon. When McPherson's son went to her hotel room at 10:00 the next morning, he found her unconscious with pills and a half-empty bottle of capsules nearby. She was dead by 11:15. It was later discovered she previously called her doctor that morning to complain about feeling ill from the medicine, but he was in surgery and could not be disturbed. She then phoned another doctor who referred her to yet another physician. However, McPherson apparently lost consciousness before the third could be contacted.[198][199]
The autopsy did not conclusively determine the cause of McPherson's death. She had been taking sleeping pills following numerous health problems – including "tropical fever". Among the pills found in the hotel room was the barbiturate Seconal, a strong sedative which had not been prescribed for her. It was unknown how she obtained them.
The coroner said she most likely died of an accidental overdose compounded by kidney failure. The cause of death is officially listed as unknown.[200] Given the circumstances, there was speculation about suicide, but most sources generally agree the overdose was accidental, as stated in the coroner's report.[201]
Forty-five thousand people waited in long lines, some until 2 am, to file past the evangelist, where, for three days, her body lay in state at the Angelus Temple. Within a mile-and-a-half (800 m) radius of the church, police had to double park cars. It later took 11 trucks to transport the $50,000[202] worth of flowers to the cemetery which itself received more telegrammed floral orders than at any time since Will Rogers' death almost 10 years earlier. A Foursquare leader noted that to watch the long line pass reverently by her casket, and see tears shed by all types of people, regardless of class and color, helped give understanding to the far-reaching influence of her life and ministry.[203]
An observer, Marcus Bach, who was on a spiritual odyssey of personal discovery, wrote:

"Roberta, who had married an orchestra director, flew in from New York. Ma Kennedy was at the grave, Rheba Crawford Splivalo had returned to say that there was never a greater worker for God than Sister. A thousand ministers of the Foursquare Gospel paid their tearful tribute. The curious stood by impressed. The poor who had always been fed at Angelus were there, the lost who had been spirit-filled, the healed, the faithful here they were eager to immortalize the Ontario farm girl who loved the Lord. Here they laid the body of Sister Aimee to rest in the marble sarcophagus guarded by two great angels on Sunrise slope. "[204]

Millions of dollars passed through McPherson's hands. However, when her personal estate was calculated, it amounted to $10,000.[205] To her daughter, Roberta, went $2000[206] the remainder to her son Rolf. By contrast, her mother Mildred Kennedy had a 1927 severance settlement of as much as $200,000[207] in cash and property; the Foursquare Church itself was worth $2.8 million[208][209]
McPherson is buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California. Following her death, the Foursquare Gospel church denomination was led for 44 years by her son Rolf McPherson. The church claims a membership of over 7.9 million worldwide.[210]
Legacy and influence[edit]
Ministry[edit]
McPherson's ministry continued to flourish even in the face of scandal. The newspapers which served to propel McPherson to fame and advertise her message, also were used to highlight her faults, real and imagined. Some modern televangelists who transgressed and faded into obscurity because of high-profile news coverage, also learned how quickly modern communication media could hurt as well as help them. After her death, the largely negative aspect of her media image persisted, was cultivated[211] and became the dominant factor in defining McPherson for many in the public today.[212]
Reverend Robert P. Shuler, whose caustic view of McPherson softened over the years, wrote he could not figure out why God chose such a person. The flaws he observed in McPherson, were by his opinion, many, yet she ultimately made a positive impact on Christianity, long lasting and enduring . He recognized her appeal was a combination of identifying with the average citizen as well as an ability to explain the gospel in simple, easily understandable terms, drawing them irresistibly to her services:

...while great cathedral churches closed their doors on Sunday night, the crowds pushed through her portals in one ever-flowing stream.

He saw her legacy extend far beyond the glamor of Hollywood, exerting itself through the thousands of ministers she trained and churches planted throughout the world. McPherson, together with the alliances she made, worked to reshape the evangelical Christian faith, making it relevant to American culture and personally involving for those in the audience.[213]
Legacy[edit]




Uldine Utley, c. 1924


In Fresno, California, 1921, nine-year-old Uldine Utley (1912–1995) became a fervent believer. After hearing McPherson's dramatic retelling of the David and Goliath story, the young girl tearfully gave her life over to Christ, and dedicated herself to be "a little David for the Lord and fight Goliath." With her parents as managers, she went on to preach to millions of people and converted many thousands. (The most notable of these was John Sung, who would become a major evangelical figure in China.[214][215][216]) Utley frequently used the same metaphors as McPherson, referring to Christ as "the Rose of Sharon" and invoking "Bride of Christ" imagery.[217][218][219]
During the Great Depression years, as a child, Dr. Edwin Louis Cole's mother attended LIFE Bible College and as he grew up, Cole participated in various Angelus Temple activities "witnessing the miraculous."[220] Cole went on to found the Christian Men's Network and influenced many, including Bill McCartney (founder of Promise Keepers), Pat Robertson, John Maxwell (president of Injoy Ministries), Kenneth Copeland, Oliver North, and Chuck Norris.[221]
According biographer Matthew Avery Sutton, in the early 1900s, it was expected traditional Protestantism would give way to rapidly developing new philosophical ideas and sciences that were being widely taught. McPherson contributed immensely to the forestalling of that predicted inevitability. Liberal Christianity, which enjoyed strong growth starting in the late 19th century, regarded many of the miracles of Jesus to be superstitious interpretations of what actually occurred or metaphors for his teachings. McPherson's faith-healing demonstrations instead gave credence to onlookers her claim was true: Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. This Bible verse of Hebrews 13:8; as biographer Daniel Mark Epstein noted as per McPherson, meant Jesus still had power and could heal as in ancient times, and the verse become the motto of her Foursquare Gospel Church. Sutton wrote conveying; it was easy for many people to deny a God who did something 1,900 years ago, but large crowds of people were now witness to the blind seeing, the lame walking, and the deaf hearing. Healings at her services, according to Epstein from period news sources, were occurring faster than the journalists could write them down. Crowds clamored to reach her altar to experience a New Testament conversion that transformed many of their lives. Even large portions of the secular public admired her. The old time Gospel message was being dramatically marketed by the most technologically advanced means possible, reconstructing it into something far more interesting and desirable than it was previously.[222][223]
McPherson's ecumenical approach assisted Pentecostals in learning how better to explain their faith in the context of historic church doctrine. Mainline churches became exposed to the more unusual gifts of the Holy Spirit. They also benefited by borrowing Pentecostal revival techniques[9] such as more emotive expression, joyful praise worship, and testimonials, forerunning the Charismatic Movement.
McPherson challenged what was expected from women. Females as preachers and her status as a divorcee with two failed marriages were of particular concern to many of the fundamentalist churches with which she wanted to work, but her success could not be easily ignored. Meanwhile, secular society broadly labeled women as either Victorian ladies or whores,[224] and she bounced from one category to the other. She had her extensive relief charities and along with it, titillating scandals. Atheist Charles Lee Smith remarked publicly of McPherson, just before a debate, that she had an extraordinary mind, "particularly for a woman".[225]
Her continual work at church alliance-building finally bore fruit in an official way, though she did not live to see it. Foursquare Gospel Church leaders were at last able to join the National Association of Evangelicals in 1952 and from there helped organize the Pentecostal World Fellowship,[226] which exists to the present day. Pentecostalism which once advocated separatism and was on the fringes of Protestantism, became part of mainstream Christianity.[227]
Works about McPherson[edit]
Books, periodicals, films, and plays[edit]

The character Sharon Falconer in Sinclair Lewis' Elmer Gantry (1926) was based on McPherson.[228]
The faith-healing evangelist Big Sister in Nathanael West's The Day of the Locust was based on McPherson.
Upton Sinclair was fascinated with her history and immediately after her disappearance from Venice Beach wrote a poem called "An Evangelist Drowns," From correspondence with H.L. Mencken, though Sinclair agreed that the core of the grand jury inquiry against McPherson was actually a political persecution, he abbreviated the complex drama to one of hypocrisy and sexuality.[229] He wrote her into his 1927 novel, Oil!.her in the character of Eli Watkins, a corrupt small-town minister. That character is called Eli Sunday in the 2007 film There Will Be Blood.[230]
The character of the American evangelist Mrs. Melrose Ape in Evelyn Waugh's satirical novel Vile Bodies (1930) is thought to be based on McPherson.
The musical AIMEE!, written by Patrick Young and music by Bob Ashley, played at the Charlottetown Festival, in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island in the summer of 1981.[231]
Vanity Fair published a satirical cutout paper doll based on her.[232]
Aimee Semple McPherson appeared in The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930), one in a series of popular documentaries released by Tiffany Studios.[233]
Frank Capra's film The Miracle Woman (1931), starring Barbara Stanwyck, was based on John Meehan's play Bless You, Sister which was reportedly inspired by McPherson's life.
The character of the "sensuous sermonizer" Reno Sweeney in Cole Porter's musical Anything Goes (1934) is thought to be based on McPherson.
Agnes Moorehead's role as Sister Alma in the 1971 thriller film What's the Matter with Helen? was modeled after McPherson.
A television film about the events surrounding her 1926 disappearance, The Disappearance of Aimee (1976) starred Faye Dunaway as McPherson and Bette Davis as her mother.





"Sister Aimee," the first feature dramatic film on the life of Aimee Semple McPherson, screens in Hollywood in April, 2008. Pictured are the period piece film's writer-director Richard Rossi, and his wife Sherrie in 1920's attire.


A film adaptation of the story of her life, entitled Aimee Semple McPherson (2006) was directed by Richard Rossi. The same director filmed a short film Saving Sister Aimee in 2001. (The film was retitled "Sister Aimee: The Aimee Semple McPherson Story" and released on DVD April 22, 2008.) A group of Evangelicals offered to invest $2 million in the film, but with conditions that the movie did not depict McPherson's divorce or drug overdose and that the actor playing the lead be a Pentecostal Christian. Rossi turned them down. "By saying no to conditions that religious people put on me, I feel I'm actually of more service to God and people because I make an honest film," he said.[234] Rossi later penned the prize-winning play "Sister Aimee", honored with a cash award in the 2009 Bottletree One-Act Competition, an international playwriting contest. In 2013, both of Rossi's films on Sister Aimee were released in one collection with new material under the new title, "Richard Rossi 5th Anniversary of Sister Aimee." [235][236]
A documentary about McPherson, entitled Sister Aimee, made for the PBS series American Experience, premiered April 2, 2007.[156]
Several biographies have been written about McPherson.[230]
In the alternate history novel Back in the USSA, she appears as the Secretary of Manpower Resources under President Al Capone.
Escape from Hell (novel) by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle (Tor, 2009), features "Sister Aimee" in Hell after her death, in a supporting role as a guide and saint who is teaching the damned about Dante's route out of Hell.
Scandalous is a musical about the life and ministry of McPherson with the book and lyrics written by Kathie Lee Gifford and music written by composer David Friedman and David Pomeranz; the musical ran in 2011 at the 5th Avenue Theatre in Seattle, and had 29 performances in 2012 at the Neil Simon Theater on Broadway, with McPherson portrayed by Carolee Carmello.
"An Evangelist Drowns" (2007) a one-woman play based on McPherson's life. Includes fictionalized accounts of relationships with Charlie Chaplin and David Hutton.
"Aimee Semple Mcpherson and the Resurrection of Christian America" (2007) A biography by Matthew Avery Sutton that chronicles McPherson's life in context to her influence on culture, politics and religion in America.
"La disparition de Soeur Aimee" (2011) in Crimes et Procès Sensationnels à Los Angeles, book by Nausica Zaballos, pp. 103–140, Paris, E-Dite, (ISBN 978-2-8460-8310-2)
The song "Hooray for Hollywood" lyrics by Johnny Mercer, from the film Hollywood Hotel mentions McPherson. "Where anyone at all from Shirley Temple to Aimee Semple is equally understood."[237][238]
"Aimee: The Gospel Gold Digger", 1932, Rev John D Goben, an Assistant Pastor at Angelus Temple
A production of the musical Saving Aimee, with a book and lyrics by Kathie Lee Gifford and music by David Pomeranz and David Friedman, debuted at the White Plains Performing Arts Center in October 2005 and was staged at the Signature Theatre in Arlington, Virginia, in April and May 2007.[239][240][241]
A play entitled The Wide Open Ocean, a musical vaudeville, was performed at The Actors' Gang theater in Los Angeles. It was written and directed by playwright, director, actor, and educator Laural Meade.[242]
Spit Shine Glisten, (2013) loosely based on the life of McPherson, was performed at California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California.[243][244]
The musical, Vanishing Point, written by Rob Hartmann, Liv Cummins, & Scott Keys, intertwines the lives of evangelist McPherson, aviator Amelia Earhart, and mystery writer Agatha Christie. It is featured as part of the 2010–2011 season at the Carnegie Mellon School of Drama in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In 2007, a one-woman play titled An Evangelist Drowns, written by Gregory J. Thompson is partly based on the life of McPherson, but it explores a fictionalized portrayal of her recalling lost loves, regrets, and remorse in the final hours before her death in 1944.

Publications[edit]

Declaration of Faith, The International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (1920)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1921). The Second Coming of Christ: Is He Coming? How is He Coming? When is He Coming? For Whom is He Coming?. A. McPherson. OCLC 8122641. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1923) [1919]. This is That: Personal Experiences, Sermons and Writings of Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelist. The Bridal Call Publishing House. OCLC 1053806. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1927). In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life. Boni and Liveright. OCLC 513458. 
Perfection, Can a Christian be Perfect?, Echo Park Evangelistic Association (1930)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1936). Give Me My Own God. H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc. OCLC 1910039. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1951). The Story of My Life: In Memoriam, Echo Park Evangelistic Association, Los Angeles. OCLC 1596212. 

See also[edit]

Elmer Gantry
Elmer Gantry (film)
Kobus Van Rensburg
Scandalous: The Life and Trials of Aimee Semple McPherson (2012 Broadway musical)



Biography portal
Christianity portal


References[edit]


^ Obituary Variety, October 4, 1944.
^ http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-30148022
^ a b Williams, George Hunston; Petersen, Rodney Lawrence; Pater, Calvin Augustine (1999), The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, p. 308 .
^ a b c "Aimée Mcpherson in Singapore" (newspaper article). NL. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ Epstein, Daniel Mark, Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson (Orlando: Harcourt Brace & Co., 1993), p. 111.
"The healings present a monstrous obstacle to scientific historiography. If events transpired as newspapers, letters, and testimonials say they did, then Aimée Semple McPherson's healing ministry was miraculous... The documentation is overwhelming: very sick people came to Sister Aimee by the tens of thousands, blind, deaf, paralyzed. Many were healed some temporarily, some forever. She would point to heaven, to Christ the Great Healer and take no credit for the results."
^ "The Incredible Disappearing Evangelist". Smithsonian. Retrieved 2014-05-03. 
^ "RD10Q: Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelical Maverick". Religion Dispatches. 2008-09-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c d e ""Between the refrigerator and the wildfire": Aimee Semple McPherson, pentecostalism, and the fundamentalist-modernist controversy". The free library. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), page 9
^ Sutton, p. 9
^ Sutton, pp. 9–10
^ Epstein, pp. 28–29
^ a b c d Sutton, p. 10
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), pp.79- 81
^ Sutton, p. 58
^ Epstein, pp. 72–73
^ Epstein, pp. 74–76
^ Epstein, pp. 91, 95, 128
^ Sutton, p. 172
^ Epstein, pp. 374–375
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: in 1932, after having to continuously answer questions about McPherson's marriage to Hutton, 33 Foursquare ministers thought this was too much of a distraction and seceded from the Temple and formed their own Pentecostal denomination, the Open Bible Evangelistic Association.
^ Epstein, p. 434
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: Homer Rodeheaver, former singing master for evangelist Billy Sunday, was refused; even when it was suggested she married the wrong man and to try again to have a loving marriage, she responded negatively and redoubled her evangelistic efforts, forsaking personal fulfillment in relationships. McPherson knew Rodeheaver from working with him at the Angeleus Temple and he introduced her to David Hutton. In the case of Rodeheaver, however, biographer Sutton, according to Roberta Star Semple, stated McPherson liked him but not the way he kissed.
^ Aimee May Marry Homer Rodeheaver (North Tonawanda, NY Evening News June 21, 1935)
^ Epstein, p. 172
^ Encyclopedia of Women and Religion in North America, Keller, Rosemary Skinner; Ruether, Rosemary Radford (Indiana University Press, 2006) p. 406-407
^ http://search.proquest.com/docview/1655208322
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), p. 147
^ Epstein, pp. 170–172
^ Epstein, p. 151
^ Epstein, p. 153
^ "Aimee McPherson". Aimee McPherson. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c Blumhofer, p. 246
^ Blumhofer, p. 244
^ More than $65,000 in 2012 dollars.
^ over $320 in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 245
^ More than $3.2 million in 2012 dollars.
^ over US $130 in 2012.
^ Thomas, Lately Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson (Morrow, New York, 1970) p. 32.
^ Bridal Call (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale Blvd, Los Angeles.) October 1929, p. 27
^ Sutton, p. 335
^ Blumhofer, p. 210
^ Epstein, p. 249
^ Sutton, pp. 186–191
^ Blumhofer, p. 269
^ Sutton, pp. 189, 315. Note: author states over 400 dead
^ Blumhofer, p. 348. Note: author indicates 1934 but probably a typo
^ Epstein, p. 369
^ about US $28,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 370
^ Sutton, p. 316
^ a b Sutton, p. 317
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson (1890 - 1944) - Find A Grave Flowers". Findagrave.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Blumhofer, p. 346
^ Blumhofer, p. 348
^ Sutton, p. 194
^ Epstein, pp. 375–376
^ Sutton, pp. 191–192
^ Sutton, p. 195
^ Anthony Quinn, The Original Sin: A Self-Portrait, Little, Brown and Company: Boston (1972), pp. 122–132
^ a b Sutton, p. 72
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 59
^ "Lessons I Learned From Sister Aimee | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 74
^ Epstein, p.252
^ "Inflation Calculator". DollarTimes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ $1 of 1920's to 1930's dollars would be worth around US $11–13 in 2013. See subsequent cites for inflation calculator links.
^ "CPI Inflation Calculator". Data.bls.gov. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.davemanuel.com/inflation-calculator.php>
^ Saunders, Nathan. “Spectacular Evangelist: Aimee Semple McPherson in the Fox Newsreel.” The Moving Image: The Journal of the Association of Moving Image Archivists 14, no. 1 (April 1, 2014): 71–90. doi:10.5749/movingimage.14.1.0071.
^ Epstein, pp. 79–80
^ a b Epstein, p. 156
^ Mavity, Nancy Barr "Sister Aimee;" (Doubleday, Doran,, Incorporated, 1931) p. 47-48
^ Epstein 1993, pp. 107–111
^ Epstein, p. 57
^ Epstein, p. 185
^ Epstein, p. 111
^ Blumhofer, p. 183
^ Von Lackum, Karl C. “Vinton Boasts Only Broadcasting Station in U.S. Owned By Woman”, Waterloo Evening Courier, Iowa, October 14, 1922, p. 7. Note: The first woman to receive a broadcasting license was Mrs. Marie Zimmerman of Vinton, Iowa, in August 1922.
^ Blumhofer, pp. 275–277
^ Updike, John (30 April 2007). "Famous Aimee: The life of Aimee Semple McPherson". The New Yorker. 
^ Epstein, p. 275
^ Epstein, p. 264
^ Schuler, Robert P. McPhersonism: a study of healing cults and modern day tongues movements, January, 1924, p. 3
^ Ben M. Bogard, Bogard-McPherson debate : McPhersonism, Holy Rollerism, miracles, Pentecostalism, divine healing : a debate with both sides presented fully, (Little Rock, Arkansas: Ben M. Bogard, 1934)
^ "Biography of Charles S. Price". Healingandrevival.com. 1947-03-08. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.earstohear.net/Price/testimony.html Note: Divine Healing was a contentious theological area of McPherson's ministry, but she was not alone. Other pastors already had a ministry with alleged successful healings such as James Moore Hickson (1868–1933), an Episcopalian of international renown. Another pastor, Dr. Charles S Price (1887–1947), went to a series of McPherson revival meetings in San Jose, California, to expose the fraud. Instead, he himself was converted and preached McPherson's version of Christianity to his congregation. Reports of purported faith healings began to take place. Price went on to preach as a traveling evangelist who converted tens of thousands along with many instances of miraculous divine healings allegedly occurring.
^ Epstein, pp. 185, 240
^ "Spiritual gifts" given by the Holy Spirit, of which the most well known is speaking in "tongues" the spontaneously speaking in a language unknown to the speaker;, also known as glossolalia. Other gifts include translating the said "tongues."
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2001/sep/30/local/me-51701
^ Los Angeles Times (The Adventures of a Would-Be Raider of the Lost Ark), September 30, 2001.
^ Ralph G. Giordano, Satan in the Dance Hall: Rev. John Roach Straton, Social Dancing, and Morality in 1920's New York City (Scarecrow Press, Oct 23, 2008), p. 167
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University (Truman State University Press, 1999), p. 308
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. London: Harvard University Press, 2007.
^ Sutton, p. 52. Note: Sutton was uncertain if McPherson actually stated the quote as reported by The New Yorker, but she did convey evolution influenced moral-relativist philosophers and believed "survival of the fittest" thinking would have a detrimental effect on society.
^ Sutton, pp. 37, 52
^ Sutton, p. 37
^ Sutton, p. 214
^ Sutton, p. 219
^ Sutton, p. 221
^ Sutton, p. 223
^ "Democratizing the Religious Experience". Xroads.virginia.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ ""Sister Aimee" to Air on PBS | Foursquare News | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, pp. 165, 395
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, ( R.L. Cox and Heritage Committee, California, 1983), pp. 41–42
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life (Boni and Liveright, New York, 1927), p.16. NOTE: Note: Though McPherson, period newspapers and most biographers referred to the woman as "Rose," she later became known in some books and articles as "Mexicali Rose."
^ Melton, J. Gordon The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena, (Visible Ink Press, 2007) p. 218
^ Sutton, p. 103
^ "President Wilson visits L.A. - Framework - Photos and Video - Visual Storytelling from the Los Angeles Times". Framework.latimes.com. 2011-06-20. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Melton, J. Gordon. (2007). The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena. Visible Ink Press. p. 218
^ Epstein, p. 301
^ Sutton, pp. 120–122
^ The San Bernardino County Sun Saturday 25 September 1926, page 1.
^ "Isadora Duncan, Aime Semple McPherson - H. L. Mencken". Ralphmag.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 133–134
^ Epstein, p. 312
^ The People vs.Aimee Semple McPherson, et al., Case CR 29181, 10 January 1927; Superior Court of Los Angeles County, County records and Archives
^ Modesto Bee And News-Herald 20 October 1926, p.1
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist pp. 285-286, 291
^ Cox, pp. 85, 209–211
^ Cox, pp. 71–72
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist, p. 278
^ Epstein, pp. 312-313
^ Cox, pp. 150-151, 152,166.
^ Lately, Thomas The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair (Viking Press, 1959) p. 26
^ Cox, pp. 17–18.
^ The Coshocton Tribune; Coshocton, Ohio January 3, 1927· Page 8
^ about US $6.4 million in 2013
^ Epstein, p. 289
^ about $1,300,000 in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 308
^ Shuler, p. 188. Note: Los Angeles Times, June 1927
^ H.L. Mencken, "Two Enterprising Ladies," American Mercury, v. 13, no. 52 (April 1928) 506-508; quote on 508.
^ Epstein, p. 386
^ a b Sutton, p. 175
^ Epstein, pp. 264, 287
^ Cox, p. 234. Note: Kenneth Ormiston did eventually sell his story to the press, identifying his companion as Elizabeth Tovey.
^ Epstein, pp. 289, 307
^ Sutton, p.135
^ Thomas Vanishing p. 31
^ Cox, pp. 37–38.
^ "McPherson Charged for Slander - U373542ACME - Rights Managed - Stock Photo - Corbis". Corbisimages.com. 1936-12-12. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "John Goben • Webjournals". Webjournals.ac.edu.au. Retrieved 2013-11-15. , Blumhofer, p. 311, Note: Reverend John D. Goben was a successful Midwestern evangelist when he joined the Angeles Temple in 1927. A revival campaign in 1930 by Goben led to the establishment the Stone Church in Toronto, Canada. Goben served as treasurer to the International Foursquare Gospel Lighthouses, an association of satellite churches he helped manage. Because of a dispute with McPherson and her legal counsel, over property ownership by the churches, he was ousted as treasurer. His mounting discontent along with encouragement of some of the Church board members, in part, precipitated his expensive private investigation of McPherson. One evening at a board meeting, Goben, hoping to elicit a confession in lieu of evidence he could not obtain, confronted McPherson with his surveillance. But McPherson, so shocked by what he did, fainted. The board members turned against Goben and he was fired. His bitter departure resulted in his publication of a pamphlet entitled Aimee, the Gospel Gold-Digger. Aimed at Temple supporters, he detailed alleged financial irregularities. A brief grand jury investigation was started, but come to nothing.
^ Epstein, pp. 334, 337
^ "A Lasting Legacy | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 175, 312
^ Cox, p. 241. Note: McPherson was frequently photographed with the image of the Christian Cross, which differs from the crucifix, with its hanging figure of Jesus and its common association with Catholicism. Cox states anecdotally some persons adversarial to McPherson, who heard the Berle story wanted to believe it was true, "but that bit about the crucifix" convinced them otherwise.
^ Sutton, p. 174
^ Cox, p. 241
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, 1983, p. 241
^ Blumhofer, p. 205
^ a b Roberts Liardon, God's Generals: Vol. 7, DVD 2005
^ Sutton, pp. 153–160
^ a b "American Experience . Sister Aimee". PBS. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ She also traveled to England, Scotland and Wales for five weeks of revival services. Press reports, depending upon the sources, described her audiences as either lacking enthusiasm or multitudes filling the altars anxiously awaiting a return visit. "Poor Aimee". Time. October 22, 1928. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Those of the nobility and gentry and middle classes who reflected upon the matter appeared to feel that the Holy Bible still offers a sufficient choice of Gospels. But of course the London mob, the lower classes, rushed to attend the evangelistic First Night of Aimee Semple McPherson 
^ Epstein, pp. 318–320
^ Epstein, p. 325
^ Blumhofer, pp. 308, 317. Note: A month later most of the choir members returned. Their leader, Gladwyn Nichols later returned as well, after publicly apologizing to McPherson.
^ Epstein, p. 341
^ Epstein, p. 343
^ Epstein, p. 356
^ a b Epstein, p. 368
^ a b c "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : The Greatest Nine Days". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, p. 388
^ "Today in History: 15 October 1931: Aimee Semple McPherson Uninvited to Speak at Harvard". Skepticism.org. 1931-10-15. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, Give me my Own God, H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc., 1936
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), p. 233
^ McPherson, Give me my Own God, pp. 88–89
^ "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : Was Aimee Semple McPherson Pentecostal?". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US $2.3 million in 2012
^ US $17 million in 2012
^ Thomas, Storming, pp. 282-284, 297 NOTE: Splivalo did earn a loyal following of disciples at the Angelus Temple, one in particular who was in contentious strife with McPherson. Splivalo gathered a list of purported damaging statements together with the witnesses, places, and times they were allegedly made by McPherson. However, the vocabulary of accused slanderous remarks, as stated in the lawsuit, were inconsistent with McPherson's known public sermons, writings, and statements.
^ Herald-Journal – May 11, 1937
^ United Press, April 15, 1937.
^ Epstein, pp. 413–414
^ US $31,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 416
^ Epstein, p. 427
^ Updike, John. "Famous Aimee". The New Yorker. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America — Matthew Avery Sutton | Harvard University Press". Hup.harvard.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 256
^ Sutton, pp. 256–257
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, Zero Hour Sermon, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ a b c "World War II and Angelus Temple | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 258
^ Aimee Semple McPherson, "Foursquaredom and Uncle Sam," Foursquare Crusader, 14 (February 1942) p. 24
^ Sutton, pp. 264, 333
^ Note: A P47 Thunderbolt fighter was then priced about $85,000, P51 Mustang $50,000, M4 Sherman tank $50,000, B17 Flying Fortress $240,00
^ "Product Prices". Panzerworld.net. 2013-10-22. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Sherman tank - improved M4 models with 76mm gun, protection". Ww2total.com. 1945-04-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US 2 million dollars in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 373
^ Sutton, p. 264
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America, London: Harvard University Press, 2007
^ a b Sutton, p. 263
^ Epstein, p. 438
^ Robinson, Judith Working Miracles The Drama and Passion of Aimee Semple McPherson (James Lorimer & Company Ltd., Publishers, Toronto, 2008) p.104-105
^ Note: In the 1993 obituary for her daughter-in-law, McPherson's life and death are mentioned. "Lorna McPherson, 82, Of the Angelus Temple.". New York Times. June 18, 1993. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Aimee Semple McPherson founded Angelus Temple in the early 1920s, when her brand of fundamentalist Christianity, stressing the "born-again" experience, divine healing and evangelism, was popular in the United States. She died on September 27, 1944, of shock and respiratory failure attributed to an overdose of sleeping pills. 
^ "Sister Aimee's' Death Is Ruled An Accident". United Press International in The Washington Post. October 14, 1944. Retrieved 2008-02-22. Aimee Semple McPherson, famous evangelist who occupied the headlines almost as often as the pulpit, died of shock and respiratory failure "from an accidental over-dosage" of sleeping capsules, a coroner's jury decided today. 
^ $630,000 in 2012 dollars
^ Sutton, p. 270
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 74
^ about $130,000 in 2013
^ about $26,000 in 2013 dollars
^ about $2.5 million in 2013 dollars
^ about US$36 million in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 440
^ http://www.foursquare.org
^ Cox, p. 3. Note: as one example Cox lists, a reporter for The Los Angeles Times, Dial Torgerson, May 18, 1969; writes in his Aimee's Disappearance Remains a Mystery, story, that HC Benedict, owner of the Carmel cottage, was expected to be a witness against McPherson, but died apparently of heart trouble before he could testify. Cox notes that HC Benedict did indeed testify, but on her behalf, denying vehemently the woman with Ormiston was McPherson. HC Benedict died on November 20, 1926, some weeks after all testimony had been concluded.
^ Sutton, p. 278
^ Sutton, p. 275
^ Timothy Tow. "John Sung and the Asian Awakening". Articles.ochristian.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Awake and Go! Global Prayer Network - John Sung". Towel.mysitehosted.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "The Real Conversion Of Dr. John Sung". Rlhymersjr.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, 1999, p. 308
^ Blumhofer, pp.182
^ Lian, Xi, Redeemed by Fire: The Rise of Popular Christianity in Modern China, Yale University Press, 2010 p. 140
^ "Dr. Edwin Louis Cole". Christianmensnetwork.com. 1981-04-24. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Who is more powerful than the president?". Mobile.wnd.com. 2012-06-10. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 277–280
^ Epstein, pp. 108, 229–231
^ Sutton, p. 150
^ There is a God: Debate between Aimee Semple McPherson, Fundamentalist and Charles Lee Smith, Atheist (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale BLVD Los Angeles. CA), 1934
^ Sutton, pp. 275–276
^ Sutton, p. 280
^ Lingeman, p. 283.
^ Sutton, p. 145
^ a b Caleb Crain (2007-06-29). "Notebook: Aimee Semple McPherson". Steamboats Are Ruining Everything. Archived from the original on 17 December 2007. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ "AIMEE!". Canadian Musicals. Retrieved 20 April 2017. 
^ "Vanity Fair's Cutout Dolls – no. 2". Vanity Fair. Archived from the original on 7 February 2008. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930) on IMDb
^ Horwitch, Lauren (February 7, 2006). "Actor Chad Allen's lead role in a $30 million". Backstage. Backstage, LLC. Retrieved January 27, 2016. 
^ "Sister Aimee by Richard Rossi". Bottletreeinc.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Gilbert, Brian (November 5, 2012). "Hallelujah! How Faith Healer Aimee Semple McPherson Inspired the Rip-Roaring New Musical Scandalous". Broadway Buzz. Broadway.com. Retrieved January 9, 2016. 
^ Gottlieb, Robert; Kimball, Robert; Reading Lyrics (Random House LLC, 2000) p. 438
^ Osborne, Jerry; Mr Music column; Lakeland Ledger - Dec 20, 2001 p. 21
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/evitas-lacey-to-join-carmello-for-saving-aimee-musical-complete-cast-announ-128141/print
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/musical-premiere-of-saving-aimee-part-of-dc-signatures-ambitious-new-season-131494
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/carolee-carmello-to-reprise-performance-in-saving-aimee-at-5th-avenue-theat-181239
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2000/may/25/entertainment/ca-33709/2
^ http://theater.calarts.edu/resources/cotsen-center
^ Susan Simpson



Richard R. Lingeman, Sinclair Lewis: Rebel from Main Street, Minnesota Historical Society Press, June 2005, ISBN 978-0-87351-541-2.

Further reading[edit]

Bahr, Robert (April 1979). Least of All Saints: the Story of Aimee Semple McPherson. Prentice-Hall. ISBN 978-0-13-527978-6. OCLC 4493103. 
Blumhofer, Edith L. (1993). Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing. ISBN 978-0-8028-0155-5. OCLC 29184439. 
Cox, Raymond L. (1983). The Verdict is In. R.L. Cox. OCLC 11315268. 
Epstein, Daniel Mark (1 July 1994). Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-15-600093-2. OCLC 26300194. 
Morris, James; Morris, Jan (1973). The Preachers. St. Martin's Press. ISBN 0-900997-41-9. OCLC 704687. 
Sutton, Matthew Avery (31 May 2009). Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. Harvard University Press). ISBN 978-0-674-03253-8. OCLC 77504335. 
Thomas, Lately (1959). The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair. Viking Press. OCLC 1575665. 
Thomas, Lately (1970). Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson. Morrow. OCLC 92194. 
Zaballos, Nausica (23 November 2011). "La disparition de Soeur Aimee". Crimes et procès sensationnels à Los Angeles 1922-1962: Au-delà du Dahlia noir. Paris: E-Dite. pp. 103–140. ISBN 978-2-84608-310-2. OCLC 779750888. 

External links[edit]





This article's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (November 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Works by or about Aimee Semple McPherson at Internet Archive
"Aimee McPherson" Old Time Radio
Foursquare Gospel church
Aimee Semple McPherson biography
Biography from Liberty Harbor Foursquare Gospel Church
Song about the McPherson kidnapping scandal, dating from when it was a current news story. Pete Seeger recorded this on the 1961 album Story Songs.
Woman Thou Art God: Female Empowerment, Spirituality & a biography on Aimee.
The Ballad of Aimee McPherson.
Aimee Semple McPherson on The California Museum's California Legacy Trails
Photo essay on Aimee Semple McPherson's Lake Elsinore Castle retreat
The theatricality of revivalism as exemplified in the artistry of Billy Sunday and Aimee Semple McPherson.
Did McPherson send a "Minions of Satan" message to Herbert Hoover, and another article by the same historian later concluding she did not send such a message.
Aimee Semple McPherson on IMDb
Scandal and Censure: A Reinvestigation of the Socio-Political Forces Surrounding the Disappearance of Aimee Semple McPherson




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 67270403
LCCN: n50007859
ISNI: 0000 0000 8147 5323
GND: 119191474
SUDOC: 084100087










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aimee_Semple_McPherson&oldid=790976823"					
Categories: 1890 births1944 deaths20th-century ChristiansAimee Semple McPhersonAmerican anti-communistsAmerican anti-fascistsAmerican evangelicalsAmerican evangelistsAmerican PentecostalsAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican temperance activistsBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)Canadian evangelicalsCanadian evangelistsCanadian PentecostalsCanadian people of Irish descentChristian creationistsChristian fundamentalistsDrug-related deaths in CaliforniaFaith healersHistory of Los AngelesMembers of the International Church of the Foursquare GospelPeople from Oxford County, OntarioReligious scandalsVaudeville performersActivists from CaliforniaHidden categories: Articles that may be too long from October 2013Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsWikipedia external links cleanup from November 2014Wikipedia spam cleanup from November 2014Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 09:24.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Aimee Semple McPherson - Wikipedia






















 






Aimee Semple McPherson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the 2006 film, see Aimee Semple McPherson (film).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (October 2013)




Aimee Semple McPherson



Sister Aimee, early 1920s



Born
Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy
(1890-10-09)October 9, 1890
Salford, Ontario, Canada


Died
September 27, 1944(1944-09-27) (aged 53)
Oakland, California


Cause of death
Accidental overdose


Resting place
Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery (Glendale)


Known for
Founding the Foursquare Church


Spouse(s)
Robert Semple (1908–10; his death)
Harold McPherson (1912–21; divorced)
David Hutton (1931–34; divorced)


Children
Roberta Semple (b. 1910)
Rolf McPherson (b. 1913)


Parent(s)
James Morgan Kennedy
Mildred Ona Pearce


Aimee Semple McPherson (Aimée, in the original French; October 9, 1890 – September 27, 1944), also known as Sister Aimee or simply Sister, was a Canadian-American Pentecostal evangelist and media celebrity in the 1920s and 1930s,[1] famous for founding the Foursquare Church. McPherson has been noted as a pioneer in the use of modern media, because she used radio to draw on the growing appeal of popular entertainment in North America and incorporated other forms into her weekly sermons at Angelus Temple, one of the first megachurches.[2]
In her time she was the most publicized Christian evangelist, surpassing Billy Sunday and her other predecessors.[3][4] She conducted public faith healing demonstrations before large crowds; testimonies conveyed tens of thousands of people healed.[5][6] McPherson's articulation of the United States as a nation founded and sustained by divine inspiration continues to be echoed by many pastors in churches today.
News coverage sensationalized her misfortunes with family and church members; particularly inflaming accusations she had fabricated her reported kidnapping, turning it into a national spectacle.[7] McPherson's preaching style, extensive charity work and ecumenical contributions were a major influence to Charismatic Christianity in the 20th century.[8][9]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life
1.2 Conversion
1.3 Marriage and family
1.4 Early career
1.5 Career in Los Angeles
1.6 Charitable work


2 Ministry

2.1 Style of ministry
2.2 Faith Healing Ministry
2.3 The "Foursquare Church"


3 Life in the media spotlight

3.1 Media relations
3.2 Politics


4 Reported kidnapping

4.1 Disappearance from Venice Beach
4.2 Return to Los Angeles
4.3 Grand jury inquiry
4.4 After the case dismissal


5 Claims of extramarital affairs

5.1 During her lifetime
5.2 Posthumously


6 Later life and career

6.1 After fallout with press
6.2 Problems with Mildred Kennedy
6.3 Resurrecting her career
6.4 Problems with the Temple


7 War years

7.1 Views on war
7.2 Reaction to war


8 Death
9 Legacy and influence

9.1 Ministry
9.2 Legacy


10 Works about McPherson

10.1 Books, periodicals, films, and plays


11 Publications
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]
McPherson was born Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy on a farm in Salford, Ontario, Canada.[10] She had early exposure to religion through her mother, Mildred (known as "Minnie") who worked with the poor in Salvation Army soup kitchens.
As a child she would play "Salvation Army" with her classmates, and at home she would gather a congregation with her dolls, giving them a sermon.[11] As a teenager, McPherson strayed from her mother's teachings by reading novels and going to movies and dances, activities which were strongly disapproved of by both the Salvation Army and the religion of her father, James Kennedy, a Methodist. Novels, though, made their way into the Methodist Church library and with guilty delight, McPherson would read them. At the movies, she recognized some of her fellow Methodist church members. She learned too, at a local dance she attended, that her dancing partner was a Presbyterian minister. In high school, she was taught Charles Darwin's Theory of Evolution.[12][13] She began to quiz visiting preachers and local pastors about faith and science, but was unhappy with the answers she received.[14] She wrote to the Canadian newspaper, Family Herald and Weekly Star, questioning why taxpayer-funded public schools had courses, such as evolution, which undermined Christianity.[14] This was her first exposure to fame, as people nationwide responded to her letter.[14] While still in high school, after her Pentecostal conversion, McPherson began a crusade against the concept of evolution, beginning a lifelong passion.
Conversion[edit]


Robert and Aimee Semple (1910)


While attending a revival meeting in December 1907, Aimee met Robert James Semple, a Pentecostal missionary from Ireland. There, her faith crisis ended as she decided to dedicate her life to God and made the conversion to Pentecostalism as she witnessed the Holy Spirit moving powerfully.[14]
Marriage and family[edit]
At that same revival meeting, Aimee became enraptured not only by the message that Robert Semple gave, but also with Robert himself. She decided to dedicate her life to both God and Robert, and after a short courtship, they were married on August 12, 1908, in a Salvation Army ceremony, pledging never to allow their marriage to lessen their devotion to God, affection for comrades, or faithfulness in the Army. The pair's notion of "Army" was very broad, encompassing much more than just the Salvation Army. Robert supported them as a foundry worker and preached at the local Pentecostal mission. Together, they studied the Bible, Aimee claiming Robert taught her all she knew; though other observers state she was far more knowledgeable than she let on. After a few months they moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. Durham earlier had visited the mission where the Azusa Street Revival was taking place, returned and applied its teachings. Under Durham's tutelage, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence.[15]




Aimee Semple and her second husband Harold McPherson. For a time Harold traveled with his wife Aimee in the "Gospel Car"as an itinerant preacher himself; helping her to set up tents for revival meetings.


After embarking on an evangelistic tour to China, both contracted malaria. Robert also contracted dysentery, of which he died in Hong Kong. Aimee recovered and gave birth to their daughter, Roberta Star Semple, as a 19-year-old widow. On board a ship returning to the United States, Aimee Semple started a Sunday school class, then held other services, as well, oftentimes mentioning her late husband in her sermons; almost all passengers attended.
Shortly after her recuperation in the United States, Semple joined her mother Minnie working with the Salvation Army. While in New York City, she met Harold Stewart McPherson, an accountant. They were married on May 5, 1912, moved to Providence, Rhode Island and had a son, Rolf Potter Kennedy McPherson, in March 1913.
During this time, McPherson felt as though she denied her "calling" to go preach. After struggling with emotional distress and obsessive–compulsive disorder, she would fall to weep and pray.[16][17] She felt the call to preach tug at her even more strongly after the birth of Rolf. Then in, 1914, she fell seriously ill, and McPherson states she again heard the persistent voice, asking her to go preach while in the holding room after a failed operation. McPherson accepted the voice's challenge, and she suddenly opened her eyes and was able to turn over in bed without pain. One spring morning in 1915, her husband returned home from the night shift to discover McPherson had left him and taken the children. A few weeks later, a note was received inviting him to join her in evangelistic work.[18]




Aimee Semple McPherson and her third husband, David L. Hutton, enjoying their honeymoon breakfast. To avoid news publicity, they chartered a plane to Yuma, Arizona; and were married in a small ceremony. Hutton assisted in some of McPherson's charity work before their divorce in 1934.


Her husband later followed McPherson to take her back home. When he saw her, though, preaching to a crowd, he witnessed her transformation into a radiant, lovely woman. Before long, he became her fellow worker in Christ. Their house in Providence was sold and he joined her in setting up tents for revival meetings and even did some preaching himself.[19] Throughout their journey, food and accommodations were uncertain, as they lived out of the "Gospel Car". Her husband, in spite of initial enthusiasm, wanted a life that was more stable and predictable. Eventually, he returned to Rhode Island and around 1918 filed for separation. He petitioned for divorce, citing abandonment; the divorce was granted in 1921.
She married again on September 13, 1931 to actor and musician David Hutton, followed by much drama, after which she fainted and fractured her skull.[20] While McPherson was away in Europe to recover, she was angered to learn Hutton was billing himself as "Aimee's man" in his cabaret singing act and was frequently photographed with scantily clad women. Hutton's much-publicized personal scandals were damaging the Foursquare Gospel Church and their leader's credibility with other churches.[21] McPherson and Hutton separated in 1933 and divorced on March 1, 1934. McPherson later publicly repented of the marriage, as wrong from the beginning, for both theological[22] and personal reasons[23] and therefore rejected nationally known gospel singer Homer Rodeheaver, a more appropriate suitor, when he eventually asked for her hand in 1935.[24][25]
Early career[edit]
While married to Robert Semple, the two moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. There, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence the otherwise indecipherable utterances of glossolalia. Unable to find fulfillment as a housewife, in 1913, McPherson began evangelizing and holding tent revivals across the Sawdust Trail in the United States and Canada.
After her first successful visits, she had little difficulty with acceptance or attendance. Eager converts filled the pews of local churches which turned many recalcitrant ministers into her enthusiastic supporters. Frequently, she would start a revival meeting in a hall or church and then have to move to a larger building to accommodate the growing crowds. When no buildings were suitable, she set up a tent, which was often filled past capacity.
She wanted to create the enthusiasm a Pentecostal meeting could provide, with its "Amen Corner" and "Halleluiah Chorus", but also to avoid its unbridled chaos as participants started shouting, trembling on the floor, and speaking in tongues, all at once. McPherson organized her meetings with the general public in mind and yet did not wish to quench any who suddenly came into "the Spirit". To this, she set up a "tarry tent or room" away from the general area for any who suddenly started speaking in tongues or display any other Holy Ghost behavior by which the larger audience might be put off.[26]
In 1916, McPherson embarked on a tour of the Southern United States in her "Gospel Car", and again later, in 1918, with her mother, Mildred Kennedy. Mildred was an important addition to McPherson's ministry and managed everything, including the money, which gave them an unprecedented degree of financial security. Their vehicle was a 1912 Packard touring car emblazoned with religious slogans. Standing on the back seat of the convertible, McPherson preached sermons over a megaphone. On the road between sermons, she would sit in the back seat typing sermons and other religious materials. She first traveled up and down the eastern United States, then went to other parts of the country.
By 1917, she had started her own magazine, The Bridal Call, for which she wrote many articles about women’s roles in religion; she portrayed the link between Christians and Jesus as a marriage bond. Along with taking seriously the religious role of women, the magazine contributed to transforming Pentecostalism from a movement into an ongoing American religious presence. [27]
While McPherson was traveling for her evangelical work, she arrived in Baltimore, where she was first "discovered" by the newspapers in 1919, after a day of conducting evangelistic services at the Lyric Opera House.[28] Baltimore became one of the pivotal points for her early career.[29] The crowds, in their religious ecstasy, were barely kept under control as they gave way to manifestations of "the Spirit". Moreover, her alleged faith healings now became part of the public record, and attendees began to focus on that part of her ministry over all else. McPherson also considered the Baltimore Revival an important turning point, not only for her ministry, "but in the history of the outpouring of the Pentecostal power," [30]
Career in Los Angeles[edit]
In late 1918, McPherson came to Los Angeles, a move many at the time were making for better opportunities. Minnie Kennedy, her mother, rented the largest hall they could find, the 3,500-seat Philharmonic Auditorium (known then as Temple Auditorium). People waited for hours to get in, and McPherson could hardly reach the pulpit without stepping on someone.[31] Afterwards, grateful attendees of her Los Angeles meetings built a home for her family and her, which included everything from the cellar to a canary bird.[32] At this time, Los Angeles had become a popular vacation spot. Rather than touring the United States to preach her sermons, McPherson stayed in Los Angeles, drawing audiences from a population which had soared from 100,000 in 1900 to 575,000 people in 1920, and often included many visitors.[33]
Wearied by constant traveling and having nowhere to raise a family, McPherson had settled in Los Angeles, where she maintained both a home and a church. McPherson believed that by creating a church in Los Angeles, her audience would come to her from all over the country. This, she felt, would allow her to plant seeds of the Gospel and tourists would take it home to their communities, still reaching the masses. For several years, she continued to travel and raise money for the construction of a large, domed church building at 1100 Glendale Blvd. in the Echo Park area of Los Angeles. The church would be named Angelus Temple, reflecting the Roman Catholic tradition of the Angelus bell, calling the faithful to prayer, as well its reference to the angels.[34] Not wanting to take on debt, McPherson located a construction firm which would work with her as funds were raised "by faith".[35] She started with $5,000.[36] The firm indicated it would be enough to carve out a hole for the foundation.
McPherson began a campaign in earnest and was able to mobilize diverse groups of people to help fund and build the new church. Various fundraising methods were used, such as selling chairs for Temple seating at US $25[37] apiece. In exchange, "chair-holders" got a miniature chair and encouragement to pray daily for the person who would eventually sit in that chair. Her approach worked to generate enthusiastic giving and to create a sense of ownership and family among the contributors.[38]







Raising more money than she had hoped, McPherson altered the original plans, and built a "megachurch" that would draw many followers throughout the years. The endeavor cost contributors around $250,000[39] in actual money spent. However, this price was low for a structure of its size. Costs were kept down by donations of building materials and volunteer labor.[34] McPherson sometimes quipped when she first got to California, all she had was a car, ten dollars[40] and a tambourine.[34] Enrollment grew exceeding 10,000, and was advertised to be the largest single Christian congregation in the world[41] According to church records, Angelus Temple received 40 million visitors within the first seven years[42]
McPherson intended the Angelus Temple as both a place of worship and an ecumenical center for persons of all Christian faiths to meet and build alliances. A wide range of clergy and laypeople consisted of Methodists, Baptists, the Salvation Army, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Adventists, Quakers, Roman Catholics, Mormons, and even secular civic leaders, who came to the Angelus Temple. They were welcomed and many made their way to her podium as guest speakers.[9] Eventually, even Rev. Robert P. Shuler, a once-robust McPherson critic, was featured as a guest preacher.[43]
Because Pentecostalism was not popular in the United States during the 1920s, McPherson avoided the label. She practiced speaking-in-tongues and faith healing within her services, but kept the former to a minimum in sermons to appease mainstream audiences. Discarded medical fittings from persons faith-healed during her services, which included crutches, wheelchairs, and other paraphernalia; were gathered for display in a museum area. As evidence of her early influence by the Salvation Army, McPherson adopted a theme of "lighthouses" for the satellite churches, referring to the parent church as the "Salvation Navy". This was the beginning of McPherson working to plant Foursquare Gospel churches around the country.
Charitable work[edit]




McPherson (left) prepares Christmas food baskets (about 1935)


McPherson strove to develop a church organization which could not only provide for the spiritual, but also the physical needs of the distressed. Though she fervently believed and preached the imminent return of Jesus Christ,[44] she had no idea of how soon that Second Coming might be. Two thoughts pervaded the mind of most devout Pentecostals of the time, "Jesus is coming, therefore how can I get ready," and "how can I help others to get ready?"
For McPherson, part of the answer was to mobilize her Temple congregation and everyone she could reach through radio, telephone, and word of mouth to get involved in substantial amounts of charity and social work. "True Christianity is not only to be good but to do good," she preached. The Charities and Beneficiary Department collected donations for all types of humanitarian relief to include a Japanese disaster, as well as a German relief fund. Men released from prison were found jobs by a "brotherhood". A "sisterhood" was created, as well, sewing baby clothing for impoverished mothers.[45] Branch churches elsewhere in the country were likewise encouraged to follow the Angelus Temple's example. Even people who considered McPherson's theology almost ridiculous helped out because they saw her church as the best way to assist their community.[46]
In June 1925, after confirming reports of an earthquake in Santa Barbara, McPherson immediately left the parsonage and interrupted a broadcast at a nearby radio station. She took over the microphone from the startled singer and requested food, blankets, clothing, or whatever listeners could give for emergency supplies to assist nearby Santa Barbara. As the Red Cross met to discuss and organize aid, McPherson's second convoy had already arrived at the troubled city.[47] In 1928, after a dam failed and the ensuing flood left up to 600 dead in its wake, McPherson's church led the relief effort.[48] Later, in 1933, an earthquake struck and devastated Long Beach. McPherson quickly arranged for volunteers to be on the scene with blankets, coffee, and doughnuts.[49]




Men wait in line to enter Aimee Semple McPherson's Angelus Temple Free Dining Hall & Commissary, located at 2210 W. Temple Street. At the time she was married to David Hutton and all branding reflected his last name.


Drawing from her childhood experience with the Salvation Army, in 1927, McPherson opened a commissary at Angelus Temple which was devised to assist the needy on a much larger, formalized scale. The Commissary was virtually the only place in town a person could get food, clothing, and blankets with no questions asked. It was open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and became active in creating soup kitchens, free clinics, and other charitable activities as the Great Depression wore on. She fed an estimated 1.5 million people. When the government shut down the free school-lunch program, McPherson took it over. Her policy of giving first and investigating afterward allowed waste and a certain number of deadbeats to leech off the program, but it "alleviated suffering on an epic scale".[50]
McPherson got the fire and police departments to assist in distribution. Doctors, physicians, and dentists were persuaded to staff her free clinic that trained 500 nurses to help treat children and the elderly. She encouraged individuals and companies of all types to donate supplies, food, cash, or labor. To prevent the power from being turned off to homes of overdue accounts during the winter, a $2,000[51] cash reserve was set up with the utility company. Many people, who otherwise would have nothing to do with the Angelus Temple, would receive a call from McPherson, and then loot their mansion closets or company stores for something to give. The Yellow Cab Company donated a large building and, in the first month, 80,000 people received meals there.[52][53]
Laboring under a sign "Everybody and anybody is somebody to Jesus", volunteer workers filled commissary baskets with an assortment of food and other items, as well as Foursquare Gospel literature, and handed them out. Even a complete kit designed to care for newborn babies was available. A reporter wrote he had always thought the breadline was a "drab colorless scar on our civilization", but of the Angelus Temple commissary, he observed, was "the warm garment of sympathy and Christian succor."[54] A note, which reflects the sentiment of many of those who received assistance, was left in June, 2010 at McPherson's virtual gravesite:

"My grandpa always talked about when he was a kid, he and his family moved to California from Missouri, during the depression, and his family was starving and they met you and you gave them a bag of vegetables, and some money, he never forgot it." -Anonymous[55]

Establishing an employment bureau, as well, McPherson desired to help "the discouraged husband, the despondent widow, or the little mother who wants extra work to bear the burden of a sick husband".[56] She expected everyone in her temple to be involved, 'let us ever strive to lighten our brother's load and dry the tears of a sister; race, creed or status make no difference. We are all one in the eyes of the Lord." She encouraged members to think of the commissary as widening "the spirituality of the whole church".[57]




Line of unemployed men getting meals at dining hall run by Aimee Semple McPherson, 1932.


In 1932, the commissary was raided by police to allegedly locate a still used to make brandy out of donated apricots. Some sauerkraut and salad oil were purportedly observed leaking from their respective storage areas. As a consequence, the commissary was briefly shut down. The press got involved and the public demanded an investigation. Since no one really wanted to stall the temple's charity efforts, the acceptable solution was to replace the immediate management. The staff was let go and students from her Foursquare Gospel Church's LIFE Bible College filled in. The newspaper media, generally cynical of the Temple and in particular, of McPherson, recognized "the excellent features of that organization's efforts" and "the faults of the Angelus Temple are outweighed by its virtues".[58] McPherson issued a statement declaring, "They have clashed loud their cymbals and blown their trumpets about a still and some sauerkraut,... our work is still before us. If...anybody abused his trust, it must not happen again."[59]
As McPherson tried to avoid administrative delays in categorizing the "deserving" from the "undeserving", her temple commissary became known as one of the region's most effective and inclusive aid institutions. Few soup kitchens lasted more than several months, but McPherson's remained open.[54] Even as she transformed herself into a fashionable blonde Hollywood socialite, McPherson's vigor and practicality for social activism did not change; she loved organizing big projects.[60] A 1936 survey indicated the Angelus Temple assisted more family units than any other public or private institution in the city. Because her programs aided nonresidents, as well, such as migrants from other states and Mexico, she ran afoul of California state regulations. Though temple guidelines were later officially adjusted to accommodate those policies, helping families in need was a priority, regardless of their place of residence.[61]
Actor Anthony Quinn recalls:

"This was all during the height of the Depression, when hunger and poverty permeated America. Many Mexicans were terrified of appealing for county help because most of them were in the country illegally. When in distress, they were comforted by the fact that they could call one of Aimee's branches at any time of the night. There, they would never be asked any of the embarrassing questions posed by the authorities. The fact that they were hungry or in need of warm clothing was enough. No one even asked if they belonged to Aimee's church or not."[62]

Ministry[edit]
Style of ministry[edit]
In August 1925 and away from Los Angeles, McPherson decided to charter a plane so she would not miss giving her Sunday sermon. Aware of the opportunity for publicity, she arranged for at least 2000 followers and members of the press to be present at the airport. The plane failed after takeoff and the landing gear collapsed, sending the nose of the plane into the ground. McPherson boarded another plane and used the experience as the narrative of an illustrated Sunday sermon called "The Heavenly Airplane".[63] The stage in Angelus Temple was set up with two miniature planes and a skyline that looked like Los Angeles. In this sermon, McPherson described how the first plane had the devil for the pilot, sin for the engine, and temptation as the propeller. The other plane, however, was piloted by Jesus and would lead one to the Holy City (the skyline shown on stage). The temple was filled beyond capacity.




Angelus Temple completed in 1923, is the center of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel founded by McPherson. In 1992, Angelus Temple was designated a National Historic Landmark. It is still in active use.


On another occasion, she described being pulled over by a police officer, calling the sermon "Arrested for Speeding". Dressed in a traffic cop's uniform, she sat in the saddle of a police motorcycle, earlier placed on the stage, and revved the siren.[63] One author in attendance, insisted she actually drove the motorcycle, with its deafening roar, across the access ramp to the pulpit, slammed on the brakes, then raised a white-gloved hand to shout "Stop! You're speeding to Hell!"[64] Since McPherson gave some of her sermons more than once, and with variations, the possibility existed both versions might be true.
McPherson employed a small group of artists, electricians, decorators, and carpenters, who built the sets for each Sunday's service. Religious music was played by an orchestra. McPherson also worked on elaborate sacred operas. One production, The Iron Furnace, based on the book of Exodus, told of God’s deliverance as the Israelites fled slavery in Egypt. Some Hollywood movie stars even assisted with obtaining costumes from local studios. The cast was large, perhaps as many as 450 people, but so elaborate and expensive, it was presented only one time. Rehearsals for the various productions were time-consuming and McPherson "did not tolerate any nonsense." Though described as "always kind and loving", McPherson demanded respect regarding the divine message the sacred operas and her other works were designed to convey.[65]




Aimee Semple McPherson surrounded by massed choirs at Angelus Temple for a musical requiem in 1929.


Even though McPherson condemned theater and film as the devil's workshop, its secrets and effects were co-opted. She became the first woman evangelist to adopt the whole technique of the moving picture star.[66] McPherson desired to avoid the dreary church service where by obligation parishioners would go to fulfill some duty by being present in the pew. She wanted a sacred drama that would compete with the excitement of vaudeville and the movies. The message was serious, but the tone more along the lines of a humorous musical comedy. Animals were frequently incorporated and McPherson, the once farm girl, knew how to handle them. McPherson gave up to 22 sermons a week and the lavish Sunday night service attracted the largest crowds, extra trolleys and police were needed to help route the traffic through Echo Park to and from Angelus Temple.[67] To finance the Angelus Temple and its projects, collections were taken at every meeting, often with the admonishment, "no coins, please".[68][69][70][71]
McPherson preached a conservative gospel, but used progressive methods, taking advantage of radio, movies, and stage acts. Advocacy for women's rights was on the rise, including women's suffrage through the 19th Amendment. She attracted some women associated with modernism, but others were put off by the contrast between her different theories. By accepting and using such new media outlets, McPherson helped integrate them into people’s daily lives. Sister McPherson used the media to her advantage as she became the "first modern celebrity preacher."[72]




Minister Aimee Semple McPherson and a group of tambourine players leading a service at Angelus Temple. She was very innovative in producing weekly dramas illustrating religious themes.


The battle between fundamentalists and modernists escalated after World War I, with many modernists seeking less conservative religious faiths.[73] Fundamentalists generally believed their religious faith should influence every aspect of their lives. McPherson sought to eradicate modernism and secularism in homes, churches, schools, and communities. She developed a strong following in what McPherson termed "the Foursquare Gospel" by blending contemporary culture with religious teachings. McPherson was entirely capable of sustaining a protracted intellectual discourse as her Bible students and debate opponents will attest. But she believed in preaching the gospel with simplicity and power, so as to not confuse the message. Her distinct voice and visual descriptions created a crowd excitement "bordering on hysteria."[74]
The appeal of McPherson's 30 or so revival events from 1919 to 1922 surpassed any touring event of theater or politics ever presented in American history. "Neither Houdini nor Teddy Roosevelt had such an audience nor PT Barnum."[74] Her one- to four-week meetings typically overflowed any building she could find to hold them. She broke attendance records recently set by Billy Sunday[3] and frequently used his temporary tabernacle structures in which to hold some of her meetings. Her revivals were often standing-room only. One such revival was held in a boxing ring, with the meeting before and after the match. Throughout the boxing event, she walked about with a sign reading "knock out the Devil". In San Diego, California, the city called in the National Guard and other branches of the armed forces to control a revival crowd over 30,000 people. She became one of the most photographed persons of her time. She enjoyed the publicity and quotes on almost every subject were sought from her by journalists.
Faith Healing Ministry[edit]
Main article: Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson
McPherson's ability to draw crowds was also greatly assisted by her apparently successful faith healing presentations. Almost by accident she discovered when she laid hands on sick or injured persons, they got well. One early McPherson biographer, Nancy Barr Mavity described the healing power "beyond her conscience [sic] control" and "profoundly troubling" however a phenomenon familiar to the psychiatrist although "none the less [sic] mysterious." [75]
During a 1916 revival meeting in Corona, Long Island, New York, a young woman in the advanced stages of rheumatoid arthritis was brought to the altar by friends. McPherson would have preferred to pray with her privately. However, the woman insisted upon immediate prayer. McPherson laid hands on her and prayed. Before the gathered parishioners, the woman walked out of the church without crutches.[76] McPherson's reputation as a faith healer rapidly became known and the sick and injured people came to her by the tens of thousands.
The Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson was extensively written about in the news media and was a large part of her early career legacy.[77] No one has ever been credited by secular witnesses with anywhere near the numbers of faith healings attributed to McPherson, especially during the years 1919 to 1922.[78] Over time, though, she almost withdrew from the faith-healing aspect of her services, since it was overwhelming[79] other areas of her ministry. Scheduled weekly and monthly healing sessions nevertheless remained highly popular with the public until her death in 1944.
The "Foursquare Church"[edit]




Foursquare Church logo


Eventually, McPherson's church evolved into its own denomination and became known as the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (usually referenced as the "Foursquare Church"). Foursquare is an alternative word for Full Gospel (a term used by Pentecostals), referencing the nature of Christ's character: that he was Savior, baptizer with the Holy Spirit, healer, and soon-coming King. The four main beliefs were: the first being Christ's ability to transform individuals' lives through the act of salvation; the second focused on a holy baptism which includes receiving power to glorify and exalt Christ in a practical way; the third was divine healing, newness of life for both body and spirit; and the fourth was gospel-oriented heed to the premillennial return of Jesus Christ.
McPherson published the weekly Foursquare Crusader, along with her monthly magazine, Bridal Call. She began broadcasting on radio in the early 1920s. On a Sunday morning in April 1922, the Rockridge Radio Station in Oakland CA; offered her some radio time and she became the first woman to preach a sermon over the "wireless telephone."[80] With the opening of Foursquare Gospel-owned KFSG on February 6, 1924, she became the second woman granted a broadcast license by the Department of Commerce, the federal agency that supervised broadcasting in the early 1920s.[81]
McPherson racially integrated her tent meetings and church services. On one occasion, as a response to McPherson's ministry and Angelus Temple being integrated, Ku Klux Klan members were in attendance, but after the service, hoods and robes were found on the ground in nearby Echo Park.[82] She is also credited with helping many Hispanic ministries in Los Angeles.[83]
McPherson traveling about the country holding widely popular revival meetings and filling local churches with converts was one thing, settling permanently into their city caused concern among some local Los Angeles churches. Though she shared many of their fundamentalist beliefs, such as divine inspiration of the Bible, the classical Trinity, virgin birth of Jesus, historical reality of Christ's miracles, bodily resurrection of Christ, and the atoning purpose of his crucifixion; the presentation of lavish sermons, and an effective faith-healing ministry presented by a female divorcee whom thousands adored and about whom newspapers continuously wrote, was unexpected. Moreover, the Temple, especially the women, had a look and style uniquely theirs. They would emulate McPherson's style and dress, and a distinct Angelus Temple uniform came into existence, a white dress with a navy blue cape thrown over it.[84] Men were more discreet, wearing suits. Her voice, projected over the powerful state-of-the-art KFSG radio station and heard by hundreds of thousands, became the most recognized in the western United States.[85]




McPherson preaching at the newly built Angelus Temple in 1923: Her messages showcased the love of God, redemption, and the joys of service and heaven, contrasting sharply with the fire-and-brimstone style of sermon delivery popular with many of her peers.


Her illustrated sermons attracted criticism from some clergy members because they thought it turned the Gospel message into mundane theater and entertainment. Divine healing, as McPherson called it, was claimed by many pastors to be a unique dispensation granted only for Apostolic times. Rival radio evangelist Reverend Robert P. Shuler published a pamphlet entitled McPhersonism, which purported that her "most spectacular and advertised program was out of harmony with God's word."[86] Debates such as the Bogard-McPherson debate in 1934[87] drew further attention to the controversy, but none could really argue effectively against McPherson's results.[88][89][90]
The new developing Assemblies of God denomination, Pentecostal as McPherson was, for a time worked with her, but they encouraged separation from established Protestant faiths. McPherson resisted trends to isolate as a denomination and continued her task of coalition-building among evangelicals. McPherson worked hard to attain ecumenical vision of the faith, and while she participated in debates, avoided pitched rhetorical battles that divided so many in Christianity. She wanted to work with existing churches on projects and to share with them her visions and beliefs.
Assisting in her passion was the speedy establishment of LIFE Bible College adjacent to the Angeles Temple. Ministers trained there were originally intended to go nationally and worldwide to all denominations and share her newly defined "Foursquare Gospel." A well-known Methodist minister, Frank Thompson, who never had the Pentecostal experience,[91] was persuaded to run the college, and he taught the students the doctrine of John Wesley. McPherson and others, meanwhile, infused them with Pentecostal ideals. For about a year, Antonia Frederick Futterer, suggested by Los Angeles Times as the inspiration for Steven Spielberg's film character, Indiana Jones, was also a facility member.[92][93] McPherson's efforts eventually led Pentecostals, which were previously unconventional and on the periphery of Christianity, into the mainstream of American evangelicalism.[9]
Life in the media spotlight[edit]
Media relations[edit]
By early 1926, McPherson had become one of the most charismatic and influential women and ministers of her time. Her fame equaled, to name a few, Charles Lindbergh, Johnny Weissmuller, Jack Dempsey, Babe Ruth, Ty Cobb, Knute Rockne, Bobby Jones, Louise Brooks, and Rudolph Valentino.[94] She was a major American phenomenon, who along with some other high-profile preachers of the time, unlike Hollywood celebrities, could be admired by their adoring public, "without apparently compromising their souls."[95]
According to Carey McWilliams, she had become "more than just a household word: she was a folk hero and a civic institution; an honorary member of the fire and police departments; a patron saint of the service clubs; an official spokesman for the community on problems grave and frivolous."[96] She was influential in many social, educational and political areas. McPherson made personal crusades against anything that she felt threatened her Christian ideals, including the drinking of alcohol and teaching evolution in schools.
McPherson became a strong supporter of William Jennings Bryan during the 1925 Scopes trial, in which John Scopes was tried for illegally teaching evolution at a Dayton, Tennessee, school. Bryan and McPherson had worked together in the Angelus Temple and they believed Darwinism had undermined students' morality. According to The New Yorker, McPherson said, evolution "is the greatest triumph of Satanic intelligence in 5,931 years of devilish warfare, against the Hosts of Heaven. It is poisoning the minds of the children of the nation."[97] She sent Bryan a telegram saying, "Ten thousand members of Angelus Temple with her millions of radio church membership send grateful appreciation of your lion-hearted championship of the Bible against evolution and throw our hats in the ring with you."[98] She organized "an all-night prayer service, a massive church meeting preceded by a Bible parade through Los Angeles."[99]
Politics[edit]
While her mother Mildred Kennedy was a registered Democrat, no one was certain of McPherson's registration. She endorsed Herbert Hoover over Franklin D. Roosevelt, but enthusiastically threw her support behind the latter and his social programs when he was elected into office.[100] She was a patron of organized labor, preaching a gangster's money was "no more unclean than the dollars of the man who amasses his millions from underpaid factory workers".[101] She was more cautious, though, when labor strikes resulted in violent uprisings. She saw in them the possible activities of Communism, which sought to infiltrate labor unions and other organizations. McPherson intensely disliked Communism and its derivatives as they sought to rule without God; their ultimate goal, she believed, was to remove Christianity from the earth. McPherson's opinion of fascism fared no better; its totalitarian rule was wrongly justified by claiming to represent the power of God.[102]
McPherson did not align herself consistently with any broad conservative or liberal political agenda. Instead, she explained if Christianity occupied a central place in national life, and if the components of God, home, school and government were kept together, everything else would fall into place. "Remove any of these," she warned, "and [civilization] topples, crumbles."[103][104] Current Foursquare Gospel Church leaders qualify the evangelist's views: "McPherson’s passion to see America sustained in spiritual health, which compelled her quest to see the Church influence government, must be interpreted in light of the political and religious climate of the 1920s, 30s, and 40s. It is not accurate to draw a parallel between today’s extreme fundamentalist, right-wing Christianity and the style or focus of Sister McPherson."[105] She was also among the first prominent Christian ministers to defend the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine. She related that when Christ returns, the Jews would receive him, their suffering will end, "and they will establish at Jerusalem a kingdom more wonderful than the world has known."[106]
Reported kidnapping[edit]
Disappearance from Venice Beach[edit]
Main article: Reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson




Minnie Kennedy doing radio interview with deep-sea diver R.C. Crawford during search for McPherson's body in Santa Monica, Calif., 1926


The reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson caused a frenzy in national media and changed her life and the course of her career. After disappearing in May, 1926, she reappeared in Mexico five weeks later, stating she had been held for ransom in a desert shack there. The subsequent grand-jury inquiries over her reported kidnapping and escape precipitated continued public interest in her future misfortunes.
On May 18, 1926, McPherson went with her secretary to Ocean Park Beach north of Venice Beach to swim. Soon after arriving, McPherson was nowhere to be found. It was thought she had drowned. Searchers combed the beach and nearby area, but could not locate her body. The Angelus Temple received letters and calls claiming knowledge of McPherson, including demands for ransom. McPherson sightings occurred around the country, often in widely divergent locations many miles apart on the same day. As a precaution, the ransom notes were sent to the police who investigated at least one of them. Mildred Kennedy, though, regarded the messages as hoaxes, believing her daughter dead.[107]
As the Angelus Temple prepared for a memorial service commemorating McPherson's death, Kennedy received a phone call from Douglas, Arizona. Her daughter was alive. The distraught McPherson was resting in a Douglas hospital and related her story to officials.




After emerging from the Mexican desert, McPherson convalesces in a hospital with her family in Douglas, Arizona, 1926. District Attorney Asa Keyes stands to the far left with Mildred Kennedy (mother) next to Roberta Star Semple, middle left (daughter). On the far right, Deputy District Attorney Joseph Ryan is alongside her son, Rolf McPherson.


On the beach, May 19, 1926, McPherson said she had been approached by a young couple who wanted prayer for their sick child. McPherson went with them to their car and was suddenly shoved inside. A cloth, presumably laced with chloroform, was held against her face, causing her to pass out. Eventually, she was moved to an adobe shack far in the desert. Two kidnappers, Steve and Rose,[108] were her constant companions, with a third unnamed man, occasionally visiting. When at last, all her captors were away on errands, she escaped out a window.
Using a mountain as a landmark, she traveled through the desert for around 11–13 hours across an estimated distance of 20 miles (32 km). Around 1:00 am she reached Agua Prieta, Sonora, a Mexican border town, and collapsed near a house there. She was assisted by the residents and finally taken to adjacent Douglas.
Return to Los Angeles[edit]
After leaving Douglas, McPherson was greeted at the Los Angeles train station by 30,000–50,000 people, more than for almost any other personage.[109] The parade back to the temple even elicited a greater turnout than President Woodrow Wilson's visit to Los Angeles in 1919, attesting to her popularity and the growing influence of mass media entertainment.[110][111][112] Already incensed over McPherson's influential public stance on evolution and the Bible, most of the Chamber of Commerce and some other civic leaders, saw the event as gaudy display; nationally embarrassing to the city. Many Los Angeles area churches were also annoyed.
The story received nationwide coverage. Then, speculations, together with alleged witnesses, began to emerge that her disappearance might have been caused by other than the kidnapping event McPherson described. Against the wishes of her mother, who thought the press would continue to unfavorably exploit the story, McPherson decided for vindication and presented her complaint in court. A grand jury inquiry convened to determine if enough evidence could be found to indict any kidnappers. However, pressured by various influential community groups, the court instead intensely investigated McPherson, her family, and acquaintances to determine if the kidnapping was fabricated.[113][114] District Attorney Asa Keyes led the prosecution against her. He was known for winning convictions, but six persons he sent to prison were found to be innocent and pardoned by the state governor.[115]
Grand jury inquiry[edit]
The grand jury inquiries were first convened on July 8, 1926, adjourned and reconvened, holding sessions through the summer of 1926 accompanied by intense media interest. The proceedings were supposed to be secret as per California law, though the Los Angeles court spoke about it to the newspapers.[116] Issues of trial by media and court of public opinion were apparent, as much of the proclaimed evidence against McPherson came from reporters who featured it in their news articles and passed it on to the police. McPherson also eschewed secrecy and freely used her radio station to broadcast her side of the story. Evidence and testimonies were hotly debated by an evenly divided public. On November 3, the case was determined to be moved to jury trial set for mid-January, 1927. Along with McPherson and her mother, several other defendants were charged in the inquiry. If convicted, the counts added up to maximum prison time of 42 years.[117][118][119]
Various speculations were proffered by the news media and prosecution as to the reason for McPherson's disappearance. The one they settled on most strongly was she ran off with an ex-employee, Kenneth Ormiston. She was accused of staying with him in a California resort town cottage until May 29. The time frame of Ormiston's seaside cottage rental coincided with the first 10 days of her disappearance. However, a missing three-week period afterwards was not accounted for with any evidence in court by the prosecution. In response, the evangelist maintained all along, without changing anything in her story, that she was taken, held captive by the kidnappers, and escaped as she originally described.
As the prosecution tried to break down her story, defense witnesses corroborated her assertions [120][121][122][123] or McPherson herself demonstrated how the disputed parts were plausible[124] In contrast, the prosecution's case developed serious credibility issues. Witnesses changed their testimonies[125] and evidence often had suspicious origins[126] or was mishandled while in custody[127][128] Finally, on January 2, 1927, Ormiston identified Elizabeth Tovey, a nurse from Seattle, Washington, as his female companion and the woman who stayed with him at the seaside cottage.[129] All charges against McPherson and associated parties were dropped by the court for the lack of evidence on January 10, 1927.
After the case dismissal[edit]
Regardless of the court's decision, months of unfavorable press reports fixed in much of the public's mind a certainty of McPherson's wrongdoing. The newspapers had a vested interest in keeping the controversy going, since it generated huge sales. The bulk of the investigation against McPherson was funded by Los Angeles-area newspapers at an estimated amount of $500,000.[130][131]
Some supporters thought McPherson should have insisted on the jury trial and clear her name. The grand jury inquiry concluded while enough evidence did not exist to try her, it did not indicate her story was true with its implication of kidnappers still at large. Court costs to McPherson were estimated to be as high as $100,000.[132][133] A jury trial could take months. McPherson moved on to other projects. In 1927, she published a book about her version of the kidnapping: In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life.
Various influential individuals offered their opinions on the inquiry. In a letter to the Los Angeles Times, a few months after the case was dropped, the Reverend Robert P. Shuler stated, "Perhaps the most serious thing about this whole situation is the seeming loyalty of thousands to this leader in the face of her evident and positively proven guilt."[134]
H.L. Mencken, noted journalist, satirist, cultural critic, and scholar and an ideological opponent of McPherson, opposite each other in the 1925 Scopes "Monkey" trial, also commented. He wrote that since many of that town's residents acquired their ideas "of the true, the good and the beautiful" from the movies and newspapers, "Los Angeles will remember the testimony against her long after it forgets the testimony that cleared her."[135]
Claims of extramarital affairs[edit]
During her lifetime[edit]
Numerous allegations of illicit love affairs[136] were often directed against McPherson. Suspected lovers generally denied involvement.[137] For example, Kenneth Ormiston, a married man with a small son,[138] could have profited immensely from an exposé about himself and McPherson.[139] Whether the two had a good working relationship and were friendly with each other was not disputed. During the 1926 kidnapping grand jury trial, reporters and investigators tried to link him amorously to McPherson.[140][141] Ormiston told newspapers his name connected in such a way to the evangelist "was a gross insult to a noble and sincere woman."[142][143]




McPherson was often the target of numerous unsubstantiated sexually related allegations. As reported by the Los Angeles Times, June 4, 1936, this photograph depicts the evangelist reading a note demanding $10,000, else nude motion pictures of her and a friend would be publicly released. When inquired about it in an unrelated interview later that year, she tersely stated nude pictures of her did not exist because none were ever taken.[144]


Alarmed by her rapidly changing style of dress and involvement with Hollywood and its "worldly" lifestyle, in 1929, an Angelus Temple official[145] hired detectives to shadow McPherson. Through her windows, the detectives frequently saw McPherson staying up until the early morning hours composing songs, drafting sacred operas, and scribbling diagrams of her illustrated sermons.[146] They were looking for evidence of her indiscretions, but found nothing. No confirmation of adulterous misconduct,[137] with perhaps exception of her third marriage as a violation of Church tenets, was ever presented. McPherson herself, aware of numerous accusations leveled at her throughout her career, responded only to a small fraction of them, conveying the only thing she had time for was "preaching Jesus".[147]
Posthumously[edit]
Posthumously, unsubstantiated allegations of extramarital affairs continued to emerge, this time by those who stated to have been her partner, claims not mentioned by them or others while she was still alive. Canadian journalist Gordon Sinclair implied such a claim in his 1966 autobiography, Will the Real Gordon Sinclair Please Stand Up. Sinclair stated he worked on a story with McPherson and during one of those times in 1934, the incident purportedly occurred. Sinclair alluded to a sexual dalliance with McPherson one afternoon along with some gin and ginger.[148]
Thirty years after her death, another claim by comedian Milton Berle, in a 1974 autobiography, alleges a brief affair with the evangelist. In his book, titled Milton Berle: An Autobiography, Berle asserts he met McPherson at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles where both were doing a charity show. Biographer Matthew Avery Sutton commented, "Berle, a notorious womanizer whose many tales of scandalous affairs were not always true, claimed to have had sex with McPherson on this and one other occasion", both during a year when McPherson was often ill and bedridden. Sutton noted that Berle's story of a crucifix[149] in McPherson's bedroom was not consistent with the coolness of Pentecostal-Catholic relations during that era.[150] Another book by Milton Berle, Laughingly Yours, which had autobiographical content that was published in 1939 while McPherson was still alive, did not have this claim.[151]
Author Raymond L. Cox states: "Mrs. McPherson's daughter, Roberta Salter of New York, told me, 'Mother never had an apartment in her life.' By 1931, she kept herself securely chaperoned to guard against such allegations." During 1930, the evangelist's appearances and whereabouts can be traced almost every day. She was incapacitated with illness a full five months of that year, and there is no place on her schedule as reported in her publications and church and travel records for the benefit Berle alleged. Besides, Roberta also told Cox, "Mother never did a benefit in her life. She had her own charities".[152]
Later life and career[edit]




McPherson surrounded by flowers, cutting into Angelus Temple cake, 1927. Not one for settling into a predictable routine, she used her birthday, national holidays and other events as themes for church services and gala festivities.


After fallout with press[edit]
Following her heyday in the 1920s, McPherson carried on with her ministry, but fell out of favor with the press. They once dubbed her the "miracle worker"[153] or "miracle woman", reporting extensively on her faith-healing demonstrations, but now were anxious to relay every disturbance in her household to the headlines. Her developing difficulties with her mother, Mildred Kennedy, were starting to take the front page. Yet, McPherson emerged from the kidnapping nationally famous. As much as 10% of the population in Los Angeles held membership in her Temple.[154] For a time, movie studios competed with each other offering McPherson long-term contracts.
Believing that talking pictures had the potential to transform Christianity, McPherson explored Hollywood culture and appeared in newsreels alongside other famous individuals such as Mary Pickford, Frances Perkins, and Franklin D. Roosevelt. She lost weight, cut and dyed her hair, began to wear makeup and jewelry, and became stylish and well-attired. A critic wrote McPherson "can out-dress the Hollywood stars". The solicitation of fame, justified to draw audiences to her and hence to Christ, was more than some in her church organization could accept. They yearned for Sister Aimee "in the old time dress," referring to her previous "trademarked" uniform of a navy cape over a white servant's dress, both purchased inexpensively in bargain basements.[155] Other members, though, loved it, and her Angelus Temple services were as popular as ever and remained so throughout her life. Unless parishioners arrived to a service early, frequently they could not get in; all seats were taken. Now that she could afford it, McPherson thought, as well, she wanted her apparel and display to be the best she could present to Jesus.[154][156]
In early 1927, McPherson immediately set out on a "vindication tour", visiting various cities and taking advantage of the publicity her kidnapping story created to preach the Gospel.[157] Her visit to New York in fox-furs and a finely trimmed yellow suit was noted in the society pages. She visited even nightclubs, to include a famous speakeasy in New York: Texas Guinan’s Three Hundred Club on 54th Street. While McPherson sipped water at her table, Guinan asked if she would speak a few words to the patrons. Delighted, McPherson stood and addressed the jazzed and boozy crowd:

"Behind all these beautiful clothes, behind these good times, in the midst of your lovely buildings and shops and pleasures, there is another life. There is something on the other side. “What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?” With all your getting and playing and good times, do not forget you have a Lord. Take Him into your hearts."

The unexpected speech that did not judge, and had a conciliatory tone between them and the Divine, earned a thoughtful moment of silence from the crowd, then an applause that went on for much longer than the speech took. The revelers were invited to hear her preach at the Glad Tidings Tabernacle on 33rd Street. The visits to speakeasies and nightclubs added to McPherson's notoriety; newspapers reported heavily on them, rumors erroneously conveyed she was drinking, smoking and dancing; and her mother along with some other church members, did not understand McPherson's strategy of tearing down barriers between the secular and religious world, between the sinner and the saved.[158]
Problems with Mildred Kennedy[edit]




Without Mildred Kennedy's conservative financial management, replacement administrators embarked on a spread of ambitious projects that often failed. An example of this was Lake Tahoe lot deals of which the cover of an alleged prospectus describes. Not enough parcels of land were purchased and the subsequent lawsuit brought by investors drew unfavorable publicity and the attention of the district attorney's office.


In the summer of 1927, Mildred Kennedy, McPherson's mother, left the Angelus Temple. In an attempt to curtail her daughter's influence and officially transfer more power to herself, Kennedy initiated a staff-member "vote of confidence" against McPherson, but lost. The two had heatedly argued over management polices and McPherson's changing personal dress and appearance.[159] For similar reasons, 300 members of the choir left, as well. The choir could be replaced;[160] however, Kennedy's financial and administrative skills had been of crucial importance in growing McPherson's ministry from tent revivals to satellite churches and maintaining its current activities in the Temple. A series of less able management staff replaced Kennedy, and the Temple became involved in various questionable projects such as hotel building, cemetery plots, and land sales. Accordingly, the Angelus Temple plummeted deep into debt. In response to the difficulties, Kennedy came back in late 1929, but because of continued serious disagreements with McPherson, tendered her resignation on July 29, 1930.[161] The following month, McPherson suffered a physical and nervous breakdown. For 10 months, she was absent from the pulpit, diagnosed, in part, with acute acidosis.[162]
Resurrecting her career[edit]
When she gained strength and returned, she introduced with renewed vigor her moving "Attar of Roses" sermon, based on the Song of Solomon, with its Rose of Sharon as the mystical Body of Christ. While journalists attending her Sunday illustrated sermons assumed her language was fit only for slapstick or sentimental entertainment, scholars who have studied her work for Bible students and small prayer groups, found instead the complex discourse of neoplatonic interpretation. The Old Testament book, the Song of Solomon, for example, she had hundreds of pages written about it, each "different from one another as snowflakes".[163]
The October 10–18, 1931, revival in Boston started out sluggishly and many predicted its failure. A Los Angeles newspaper ran headlines of the flop and expected more of the same in the days to come. On opening night, McPherson spoke to fewer than 5,000 persons in the 22,000-seat sports arena, and safety pins and rubber bands abundantly cluttered the collection baskets. The city had large populations of Unitarians, Episcopalians, and Catholics, venerable denominations traditionally hostile to a Pentecostal or fundamentalist message. Afterwards, from her hotel room, McPherson, known to be a sports fan, asked for the afternoon's World Series scores and a Boston Herald reporter sent her a copy of the Sunday edition. The next day, the "Bring Back the Bible to Boston" campaign's tone shifted as McPherson took greater control and attendance climbed sharply.[164][165]
A reporter took note of McPherson's stage presence, different from any other evangelist who spoke there, gesturing with her white Bible for effect, as well as preaching. Answering him as to why she presented a dramatic sermon, she stated, "Our God is a dramatic God,... rolling back the Red Sea,... Elijah on the mountaintop,... the crucifixion, the resurrection, His ascension,... tongues of fire on the day of Pentecost." The final day of afternoon and evening services had 40,000 persons attending, the stadium was full, and more than 5,000 had to be turned away. A total of 160,000 people attended the meetings, breaking historic attendance records of any nine days of revival services in Boston.[165]
Her revival in New York City was not very fruitful, as her sensationalistic reputation preceded her. The third marriage to David Hutton, rumored romances, and her kidnapping was what its press and citizens wanted to hear about. Therefore, after a brief pause in New York and Washington, DC, she went on Philadelphia and other cities, traveling to 46 of them in 21 states, speaking to as much as 2% of the entire population of the United States. A full crew of musicians, scene designers, and costumers accompanied McPherson. In this, her last national revival tour, between September 1933 and December 20, 1934, two million persons heard 336 sermons. Many more were reached by 45 radio stations.[166]
The Boston Evening Traveler newspaper reported:

"Aimee's religion is a religion of joy. There is happiness in it. Her voice is easy to listen to. She does not appeal to the brain and try to hammer religion into the heads of her audience. Rather, she appeals to the hearts of her hearers. She radiates friendliness. She creates an atmosphere that is warming. She is persuasive, rather than forceful; gracious and kindly, rather than compelling. Fundamentally she takes the whole Bible literally, from cover to cover."[165]

Nevertheless, she was not a radical literalist. In an informal meeting with some Harvard students, McPherson told them that Genesis allowed great latitude of interpretation, and that neither she nor the Bible insisted the world was created only 6,000 years ago.[167] In another meeting with students, she heard their assertion the teachings of Christ have outlived their usefulness; education, science and cold reasoning were the new saviors of the world. Thus compelled, McPherson decided to travel and look at the world with new eyes.[168] In 1935, McPherson embarked on a worldwide six-month discovery tour to examine the social, religious, and economic climates of many countries. At one point, it was earlier reported she wanted to study the women's movement in connection with the campaign for the independence of India, and was anxious to have "a chat with Mahatma Gandhi".[4] She received an invitation from him and he gave her a sari made from threads woven from his simple spinning wheel. Impressed with Gandhi and his ideas, McPherson thought he might secretly lean towards Christianity, his dedication possibly coming from catching "a glimpse of the cleansing, lifting, strengthening power of the Nazarene".[169]
Other highlights included traversing barefoot, in Myanmar, the lengthy stone path to the Great Pagoda, a gold-covered 325-ft tiered tower enshrining relics of four Buddhas, which caught and reflected the rays of the sun, a "vision of breath-taking glory."[170] She heard Benito Mussolini speak in Italy, and fretted war would again ensue. In the rain, at Verdun, France, she sat on a wrecked military vehicle in mournful contemplation of the hundreds of thousands who died on the still-uncleared battlefield. White, bleached bones of the fallen poked out of the earth, and nearby, laborers toiled carefully at their dangerous iron harvest, collecting old munitions for disposal.
In mid-1936, a delegation who had been involved with the 1906 Azusa Street Mission Revivals, including Emma Cotton, asked if they could use the Angelus Temple for their 30th Anniversary Celebration. The original mission building was demolished and its land unavailable. African American Evangelist Emma Cotton and McPherson therefore organized a series of meetings which also marked her enthusiastic reidentification with the Pentecostal movement. McPherson's experiments of Hollywood celebrity ambitions coexisting with her ministry were not as successful as she hoped. Alliances with other church groups were failing or no longer in effect, and she searched for ways to start again. Therefore, she looked to her spiritual origins and allowed for the possibility of reintroducing even the more alarming aspects of the Pentecostal experience into her public meetings. Temple officials were concerned the Azusa people might bring in some "wildfire and Holy Rollerism". McPherson indicated she would turn hand springs with them as needed to see the power of God manifest.
The Azusa Street Revival commemoration events brought numbers of black leaders to her pulpit. The original attendees of the Azusa revivals filled the Angelus Temple along with every ethnic minority, "the saints who were once smelted together with the fires of Pentecost" were "being reunited, rewelded, and rejuvenated." McPherson recommitted herself to the dissemination of "classic Pentecostalism", and her concern now was that Foursquaredom was in the danger of becoming too "churchy". For the first time since the Temple opened, McPherson began to publicly deliver some of her messages in tongues. McPherson traversed the line between cold formality and wildfire and now decided it was easier to cool down a hot fanatic than to resuscitate a corpse. Future meetings to celebrate the Azusa Street Revivals included guest Charles H. Mason, a founder of the Churches of God in Christ. Mason, an Azusa leader, was also one of the most significant African American religious figures in United States history and was frequently hosted at the Angelus Temple.[171]




Roberta Star Semple, (left) McPherson's daughter; Aimee Semple-McPherson (middle); and Rheba Crawford Splivalo, assistant pastor,(right) at a parade in 1935


Problems with the Temple[edit]
Also in 1936, McPherson reassigned staff responsibilities in an effort to address the Temple's financial difficulties. This, together with other unresolved issues, accelerated simmering tensions among various staff members. Rumors circulated that "Angel of Broadway", charismatic evangelist Rheba Crawford Splivalo, who had been working extensively with McPherson for several years, planned to take the Angelus Temple from her. McPherson asked Splivalo to "leave town".[164] In the course of the staff controversy, McPherson's lawyer issued a strongly worded press release that upset Roberta Star Semple, McPherson's daughter, and led her to initiate a $150,000[172] lawsuit against him for slander. Splivalo also sued McPherson for $1,080,000[173] because of alleged statements calling her a ‘Jezebel and a Judas’ and "unfit to stand in the Angelus Temple pulpit".[174][175]
The two lawsuits filed by Semple and Splivalo were not related, but McPherson did not see it that way. She saw both as part of the Temple takeover plot. McPherson's mother was also involved and sided with Semple, her granddaughter, making unflattering statements about McPherson to the press. In these charged circumstances, McPherson's defense of herself and her lawyer in a public trial was dramatic and theatrical. She testified tearfully with swoons and faints about how her daughter conspired with others against her.[176] Her daughter's lawyer, meanwhile, mocked McPherson by imitating her mannerisms and making faces at her.[177] The trial did much to estrange McPherson from her daughter. The judge ruled for Semple, giving a $2,000[178] judgment in her favor. Semple then moved to New York. Splivalo and the Temple settled their suit out of court for the "cause of religion and the good of the community."[179]
With Kennedy, Semple, and Splivalo gone, the Temple lost much of its talented leadership. However, McPherson found a competent and firm administrator in Giles Knight, who was able to bring the Temple out of debt, dispose of the 40 or so lawsuits, and eliminate the more spurious projects. He sequestered McPherson, allowed her to receive only a few personal visitors, and carefully regulated her activities outside the Temple. This period was one of unprecedented creativity for McPherson. No longer distracted by waves of reporters, reams of lawsuits, and innumerable individuals demanding her attention, she became very accomplished in her illustrative sermon style of Gospel preaching. The irreligious Charlie Chaplin would secretly attend her services, enjoying her sermons. She later met and consulted with Chaplin on ways to improve her presentations. McPherson, who earlier blared across newspaper headlines as many as three times a week, in one alleged scandal or another, had her public image much improved. Her adversary, Reverend Robert P. Shuler, who previously attacked her by radio, magazine, pulpit, and pamphlet, proclaimed "Aimee's missionary work was the envy of Methodists".[180] He also expressed his support of her Foursquare Church application admittance into National Association of Evangelicals for United Action in 1943.[9]
Her efforts at making interracial revival a reality at Angelus Temple continued. She welcomed blacks into the congregation and pulpit. While race riots burned Detroit in 1943, McPherson publicly converted the notorious black former heavyweight champion Jack Johnson on the Temple stage and embraced him “as he raised his hand in worship”.[181][182]
War years[edit]
Views on war[edit]
Pacifism, which was a component of Pentecostalism, was evaluated by the Foursquare Gospel Church in the 1930s with official statements and documents which were further revised by McPherson. A press quote attributed to McPherson, in reference to Mahatma Gandhi, appears to explore the concept, "I want to incorporate the ideals of India with my own...."[4] Additionally, Clinton Howard, the chairman of the World Peace Commission, was invited to speak at the Angelus Temple. In 1932, she promoted disarmament, "If the nations of the world would stop building warships and equipping armies[,] we would be all but overwhelmed with prosperity."[183]
Foursquare leaders, alarmed at rapid changes of technology, especially sea and air, which challenged the United States' isolation and security, decided to officially draw up an amendment inclusive of varied opinions in regards to military service. The idea that one could trust to bear arms in a righteous cause, as well as believing the killing of others, even in connection to military service, would endanger their souls; both views were acceptable.[184]
Reaction to war[edit]
McPherson kept a canny eye on the international events leading up to the Second World War, citing the probability of a much more terrible conflict than the one that passed 20 years earlier. In a sermon, she described a recently conquered country which had the Cross and other religious symbols in their schools removed; in their place was a portrait of a certain man. Instead of prayer, their school day began with a distinctive salute to this person. The destructive apocalypse of John the Apostle, with its expected high civilian casualties, followed by the Second Coming of Christ, it seemed, was at hand. Even if submarines were hiding in the depths of the sea, they could not escape the terror that would befall them.[185]




Congregation at Angelus Temple during 14-hour Holy Ghost service led by Aimee Semple McPherson, Los Angeles, Calif., 1942


All-night prayer meetings were held Friday nights at the Angelus Temple, starting in 1940, the year when Germany was overrunning Belgium, the Netherlands, and France. She asked other Foursquare churches around the country to follow suit. She sent President Franklin Roosevelt's secretary, Mr. Stephen Early, as well as some other leaders, an outline of her plans. Prayer, to her, was even more powerful than the implements of war. Various officials expressed their appreciation, including the governor of California.[186] Early passed on a reply back from Roosevelt: a message of thanks for her work. A month later, Roosevelt declared a National Day of Prayer to "beseech the Ruler of the Universe to bless our Republic." Foursquare leaders thought McPherson may have inspired it, and perhaps the President of the United States was looking to her for spiritual leadership of the nation.[187]
At the outbreak of World War II, McPherson rejected the Christian pacifism of many in the Pentecostal movement, including those of her own church. Her mind was set on doing what ever it took to assist the United States in winning the war, "It is the Bible against Mein Kampf. It is the Cross against the Swastika. It is God against the antichrist of Japan,... This is no time for pacifism."[188] The Angelus Temple itself became a visible symbol of home front sacrifice for the war effort. If necessary, it was announced, the building could be used for an air raid shelter. The distinctive white dome was painted over with black paint and its beautiful stained-glass windows were covered up. The Temple, like other buildings in the city, had to have any opening or window that could emit visible light at night, covered. One evening in May 1942, to advertise the need to conserve gasoline and rubber, McPherson herself drove a horse and buggy to the Angelus Temple.[186]
Rubber and other drives were organized, and unlimited airtime on her radio station, KFSG, was given to the Office of War Information. She asked parishioners and other listeners to donate two hours a day for such tasks as rolling bandages "so that a soldier's bandage could be changed.... And let us give our blood to help every one." Money was raised to provide local military bases with comfortable furnishings and radios. Newsweek published an article about McPherson, "The World's Greatest Living Minister", on July 19, 1943, noting she had collected 2,800 pints of blood for the Red Cross; servicemen in her audience are especially honored, and the climax of her church services is when she reads the National Anthem.[189]
McPherson gave visiting servicemen autographed Bibles. She observed they often had no religious affiliation and did not even own a Bible. She wrote:

"What a privilege it was to invite the servicemen present in every Sunday night meeting to come to the platform, where I greeted them, gave each one a New Testament, and knelt in prayer with them for their spiritual needs, and God’s guidance and protection on their lives. Later, when the altar call would be given, many of these same servicemen would make another trip to the platform publicly to receive Jesus Christ as their personal savior."[186]

She insulted Adolf Hitler and Hideki Tōjō, and became involved in war bond rallies. Pershing Square's Victory House in Los Angeles never saw a bigger crowd. McPherson sold $150,000[190][191][192][193] worth of bonds in one hour on June 20, 1942, breaking all previous records, then repeated the performance again on July 4, 1944.[194][195] The U.S. Treasury awarded her a special citation. The Army made McPherson an honorary colonel.
Her wartime activities included sermons that linked the church and American patriotism.[196] McPherson spoke to the men in uniform of her belief that military action against the Axis powers was long overdue. And more so than in almost any war previously, she felt that if they did not prevail, churches, homes, and everything precious and dear to the Christian would absolutely be destroyed.[197]
McPherson's embrace of the total war strategy of the United States left her open to some criticism. The line between the church as an independent moral authority monitoring government became blurred, perceived instead, as complicit with that same governance. Wrongs being done to Japanese Americans through their internment in relocation camps were being overlooked, for example. And she refused to allow her denomination to support Christians who remained committed pacifists. Even if conscientious objectors were willing to participate in noncombat roles, more was needed. Church members and leaders had to be willing to take up arms and fight for the United States. The pacifist clause which earlier existed was, by her proposal, voted upon and eliminated by Foursquare Gospel Church leaders.[197]
Death[edit]




McPherson's grave


On September 26, 1944, McPherson went to Oakland, California, for a series of revivals, planning to preach her popular "Story of My Life" sermon. When McPherson's son went to her hotel room at 10:00 the next morning, he found her unconscious with pills and a half-empty bottle of capsules nearby. She was dead by 11:15. It was later discovered she previously called her doctor that morning to complain about feeling ill from the medicine, but he was in surgery and could not be disturbed. She then phoned another doctor who referred her to yet another physician. However, McPherson apparently lost consciousness before the third could be contacted.[198][199]
The autopsy did not conclusively determine the cause of McPherson's death. She had been taking sleeping pills following numerous health problems – including "tropical fever". Among the pills found in the hotel room was the barbiturate Seconal, a strong sedative which had not been prescribed for her. It was unknown how she obtained them.
The coroner said she most likely died of an accidental overdose compounded by kidney failure. The cause of death is officially listed as unknown.[200] Given the circumstances, there was speculation about suicide, but most sources generally agree the overdose was accidental, as stated in the coroner's report.[201]
Forty-five thousand people waited in long lines, some until 2 am, to file past the evangelist, where, for three days, her body lay in state at the Angelus Temple. Within a mile-and-a-half (800 m) radius of the church, police had to double park cars. It later took 11 trucks to transport the $50,000[202] worth of flowers to the cemetery which itself received more telegrammed floral orders than at any time since Will Rogers' death almost 10 years earlier. A Foursquare leader noted that to watch the long line pass reverently by her casket, and see tears shed by all types of people, regardless of class and color, helped give understanding to the far-reaching influence of her life and ministry.[203]
An observer, Marcus Bach, who was on a spiritual odyssey of personal discovery, wrote:

"Roberta, who had married an orchestra director, flew in from New York. Ma Kennedy was at the grave, Rheba Crawford Splivalo had returned to say that there was never a greater worker for God than Sister. A thousand ministers of the Foursquare Gospel paid their tearful tribute. The curious stood by impressed. The poor who had always been fed at Angelus were there, the lost who had been spirit-filled, the healed, the faithful here they were eager to immortalize the Ontario farm girl who loved the Lord. Here they laid the body of Sister Aimee to rest in the marble sarcophagus guarded by two great angels on Sunrise slope. "[204]

Millions of dollars passed through McPherson's hands. However, when her personal estate was calculated, it amounted to $10,000.[205] To her daughter, Roberta, went $2000[206] the remainder to her son Rolf. By contrast, her mother Mildred Kennedy had a 1927 severance settlement of as much as $200,000[207] in cash and property; the Foursquare Church itself was worth $2.8 million[208][209]
McPherson is buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California. Following her death, the Foursquare Gospel church denomination was led for 44 years by her son Rolf McPherson. The church claims a membership of over 7.9 million worldwide.[210]
Legacy and influence[edit]
Ministry[edit]
McPherson's ministry continued to flourish even in the face of scandal. The newspapers which served to propel McPherson to fame and advertise her message, also were used to highlight her faults, real and imagined. Some modern televangelists who transgressed and faded into obscurity because of high-profile news coverage, also learned how quickly modern communication media could hurt as well as help them. After her death, the largely negative aspect of her media image persisted, was cultivated[211] and became the dominant factor in defining McPherson for many in the public today.[212]
Reverend Robert P. Shuler, whose caustic view of McPherson softened over the years, wrote he could not figure out why God chose such a person. The flaws he observed in McPherson, were by his opinion, many, yet she ultimately made a positive impact on Christianity, long lasting and enduring . He recognized her appeal was a combination of identifying with the average citizen as well as an ability to explain the gospel in simple, easily understandable terms, drawing them irresistibly to her services:

...while great cathedral churches closed their doors on Sunday night, the crowds pushed through her portals in one ever-flowing stream.

He saw her legacy extend far beyond the glamor of Hollywood, exerting itself through the thousands of ministers she trained and churches planted throughout the world. McPherson, together with the alliances she made, worked to reshape the evangelical Christian faith, making it relevant to American culture and personally involving for those in the audience.[213]
Legacy[edit]




Uldine Utley, c. 1924


In Fresno, California, 1921, nine-year-old Uldine Utley (1912–1995) became a fervent believer. After hearing McPherson's dramatic retelling of the David and Goliath story, the young girl tearfully gave her life over to Christ, and dedicated herself to be "a little David for the Lord and fight Goliath." With her parents as managers, she went on to preach to millions of people and converted many thousands. (The most notable of these was John Sung, who would become a major evangelical figure in China.[214][215][216]) Utley frequently used the same metaphors as McPherson, referring to Christ as "the Rose of Sharon" and invoking "Bride of Christ" imagery.[217][218][219]
During the Great Depression years, as a child, Dr. Edwin Louis Cole's mother attended LIFE Bible College and as he grew up, Cole participated in various Angelus Temple activities "witnessing the miraculous."[220] Cole went on to found the Christian Men's Network and influenced many, including Bill McCartney (founder of Promise Keepers), Pat Robertson, John Maxwell (president of Injoy Ministries), Kenneth Copeland, Oliver North, and Chuck Norris.[221]
According biographer Matthew Avery Sutton, in the early 1900s, it was expected traditional Protestantism would give way to rapidly developing new philosophical ideas and sciences that were being widely taught. McPherson contributed immensely to the forestalling of that predicted inevitability. Liberal Christianity, which enjoyed strong growth starting in the late 19th century, regarded many of the miracles of Jesus to be superstitious interpretations of what actually occurred or metaphors for his teachings. McPherson's faith-healing demonstrations instead gave credence to onlookers her claim was true: Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. This Bible verse of Hebrews 13:8; as biographer Daniel Mark Epstein noted as per McPherson, meant Jesus still had power and could heal as in ancient times, and the verse become the motto of her Foursquare Gospel Church. Sutton wrote conveying; it was easy for many people to deny a God who did something 1,900 years ago, but large crowds of people were now witness to the blind seeing, the lame walking, and the deaf hearing. Healings at her services, according to Epstein from period news sources, were occurring faster than the journalists could write them down. Crowds clamored to reach her altar to experience a New Testament conversion that transformed many of their lives. Even large portions of the secular public admired her. The old time Gospel message was being dramatically marketed by the most technologically advanced means possible, reconstructing it into something far more interesting and desirable than it was previously.[222][223]
McPherson's ecumenical approach assisted Pentecostals in learning how better to explain their faith in the context of historic church doctrine. Mainline churches became exposed to the more unusual gifts of the Holy Spirit. They also benefited by borrowing Pentecostal revival techniques[9] such as more emotive expression, joyful praise worship, and testimonials, forerunning the Charismatic Movement.
McPherson challenged what was expected from women. Females as preachers and her status as a divorcee with two failed marriages were of particular concern to many of the fundamentalist churches with which she wanted to work, but her success could not be easily ignored. Meanwhile, secular society broadly labeled women as either Victorian ladies or whores,[224] and she bounced from one category to the other. She had her extensive relief charities and along with it, titillating scandals. Atheist Charles Lee Smith remarked publicly of McPherson, just before a debate, that she had an extraordinary mind, "particularly for a woman".[225]
Her continual work at church alliance-building finally bore fruit in an official way, though she did not live to see it. Foursquare Gospel Church leaders were at last able to join the National Association of Evangelicals in 1952 and from there helped organize the Pentecostal World Fellowship,[226] which exists to the present day. Pentecostalism which once advocated separatism and was on the fringes of Protestantism, became part of mainstream Christianity.[227]
Works about McPherson[edit]
Books, periodicals, films, and plays[edit]

The character Sharon Falconer in Sinclair Lewis' Elmer Gantry (1926) was based on McPherson.[228]
The faith-healing evangelist Big Sister in Nathanael West's The Day of the Locust was based on McPherson.
Upton Sinclair was fascinated with her history and immediately after her disappearance from Venice Beach wrote a poem called "An Evangelist Drowns," From correspondence with H.L. Mencken, though Sinclair agreed that the core of the grand jury inquiry against McPherson was actually a political persecution, he abbreviated the complex drama to one of hypocrisy and sexuality.[229] He wrote her into his 1927 novel, Oil!.her in the character of Eli Watkins, a corrupt small-town minister. That character is called Eli Sunday in the 2007 film There Will Be Blood.[230]
The character of the American evangelist Mrs. Melrose Ape in Evelyn Waugh's satirical novel Vile Bodies (1930) is thought to be based on McPherson.
The musical AIMEE!, written by Patrick Young and music by Bob Ashley, played at the Charlottetown Festival, in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island in the summer of 1981.[231]
Vanity Fair published a satirical cutout paper doll based on her.[232]
Aimee Semple McPherson appeared in The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930), one in a series of popular documentaries released by Tiffany Studios.[233]
Frank Capra's film The Miracle Woman (1931), starring Barbara Stanwyck, was based on John Meehan's play Bless You, Sister which was reportedly inspired by McPherson's life.
The character of the "sensuous sermonizer" Reno Sweeney in Cole Porter's musical Anything Goes (1934) is thought to be based on McPherson.
Agnes Moorehead's role as Sister Alma in the 1971 thriller film What's the Matter with Helen? was modeled after McPherson.
A television film about the events surrounding her 1926 disappearance, The Disappearance of Aimee (1976) starred Faye Dunaway as McPherson and Bette Davis as her mother.





"Sister Aimee," the first feature dramatic film on the life of Aimee Semple McPherson, screens in Hollywood in April, 2008. Pictured are the period piece film's writer-director Richard Rossi, and his wife Sherrie in 1920's attire.


A film adaptation of the story of her life, entitled Aimee Semple McPherson (2006) was directed by Richard Rossi. The same director filmed a short film Saving Sister Aimee in 2001. (The film was retitled "Sister Aimee: The Aimee Semple McPherson Story" and released on DVD April 22, 2008.) A group of Evangelicals offered to invest $2 million in the film, but with conditions that the movie did not depict McPherson's divorce or drug overdose and that the actor playing the lead be a Pentecostal Christian. Rossi turned them down. "By saying no to conditions that religious people put on me, I feel I'm actually of more service to God and people because I make an honest film," he said.[234] Rossi later penned the prize-winning play "Sister Aimee", honored with a cash award in the 2009 Bottletree One-Act Competition, an international playwriting contest. In 2013, both of Rossi's films on Sister Aimee were released in one collection with new material under the new title, "Richard Rossi 5th Anniversary of Sister Aimee." [235][236]
A documentary about McPherson, entitled Sister Aimee, made for the PBS series American Experience, premiered April 2, 2007.[156]
Several biographies have been written about McPherson.[230]
In the alternate history novel Back in the USSA, she appears as the Secretary of Manpower Resources under President Al Capone.
Escape from Hell (novel) by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle (Tor, 2009), features "Sister Aimee" in Hell after her death, in a supporting role as a guide and saint who is teaching the damned about Dante's route out of Hell.
Scandalous is a musical about the life and ministry of McPherson with the book and lyrics written by Kathie Lee Gifford and music written by composer David Friedman and David Pomeranz; the musical ran in 2011 at the 5th Avenue Theatre in Seattle, and had 29 performances in 2012 at the Neil Simon Theater on Broadway, with McPherson portrayed by Carolee Carmello.
"An Evangelist Drowns" (2007) a one-woman play based on McPherson's life. Includes fictionalized accounts of relationships with Charlie Chaplin and David Hutton.
"Aimee Semple Mcpherson and the Resurrection of Christian America" (2007) A biography by Matthew Avery Sutton that chronicles McPherson's life in context to her influence on culture, politics and religion in America.
"La disparition de Soeur Aimee" (2011) in Crimes et Procès Sensationnels à Los Angeles, book by Nausica Zaballos, pp. 103–140, Paris, E-Dite, (ISBN 978-2-8460-8310-2)
The song "Hooray for Hollywood" lyrics by Johnny Mercer, from the film Hollywood Hotel mentions McPherson. "Where anyone at all from Shirley Temple to Aimee Semple is equally understood."[237][238]
"Aimee: The Gospel Gold Digger", 1932, Rev John D Goben, an Assistant Pastor at Angelus Temple
A production of the musical Saving Aimee, with a book and lyrics by Kathie Lee Gifford and music by David Pomeranz and David Friedman, debuted at the White Plains Performing Arts Center in October 2005 and was staged at the Signature Theatre in Arlington, Virginia, in April and May 2007.[239][240][241]
A play entitled The Wide Open Ocean, a musical vaudeville, was performed at The Actors' Gang theater in Los Angeles. It was written and directed by playwright, director, actor, and educator Laural Meade.[242]
Spit Shine Glisten, (2013) loosely based on the life of McPherson, was performed at California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California.[243][244]
The musical, Vanishing Point, written by Rob Hartmann, Liv Cummins, & Scott Keys, intertwines the lives of evangelist McPherson, aviator Amelia Earhart, and mystery writer Agatha Christie. It is featured as part of the 2010–2011 season at the Carnegie Mellon School of Drama in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In 2007, a one-woman play titled An Evangelist Drowns, written by Gregory J. Thompson is partly based on the life of McPherson, but it explores a fictionalized portrayal of her recalling lost loves, regrets, and remorse in the final hours before her death in 1944.

Publications[edit]

Declaration of Faith, The International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (1920)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1921). The Second Coming of Christ: Is He Coming? How is He Coming? When is He Coming? For Whom is He Coming?. A. McPherson. OCLC 8122641. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1923) [1919]. This is That: Personal Experiences, Sermons and Writings of Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelist. The Bridal Call Publishing House. OCLC 1053806. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1927). In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life. Boni and Liveright. OCLC 513458. 
Perfection, Can a Christian be Perfect?, Echo Park Evangelistic Association (1930)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1936). Give Me My Own God. H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc. OCLC 1910039. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1951). The Story of My Life: In Memoriam, Echo Park Evangelistic Association, Los Angeles. OCLC 1596212. 

See also[edit]

Elmer Gantry
Elmer Gantry (film)
Kobus Van Rensburg
Scandalous: The Life and Trials of Aimee Semple McPherson (2012 Broadway musical)



Biography portal
Christianity portal


References[edit]


^ Obituary Variety, October 4, 1944.
^ http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-30148022
^ a b Williams, George Hunston; Petersen, Rodney Lawrence; Pater, Calvin Augustine (1999), The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, p. 308 .
^ a b c "Aimée Mcpherson in Singapore" (newspaper article). NL. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ Epstein, Daniel Mark, Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson (Orlando: Harcourt Brace & Co., 1993), p. 111.
"The healings present a monstrous obstacle to scientific historiography. If events transpired as newspapers, letters, and testimonials say they did, then Aimée Semple McPherson's healing ministry was miraculous... The documentation is overwhelming: very sick people came to Sister Aimee by the tens of thousands, blind, deaf, paralyzed. Many were healed some temporarily, some forever. She would point to heaven, to Christ the Great Healer and take no credit for the results."
^ "The Incredible Disappearing Evangelist". Smithsonian. Retrieved 2014-05-03. 
^ "RD10Q: Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelical Maverick". Religion Dispatches. 2008-09-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c d e ""Between the refrigerator and the wildfire": Aimee Semple McPherson, pentecostalism, and the fundamentalist-modernist controversy". The free library. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), page 9
^ Sutton, p. 9
^ Sutton, pp. 9–10
^ Epstein, pp. 28–29
^ a b c d Sutton, p. 10
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), pp.79- 81
^ Sutton, p. 58
^ Epstein, pp. 72–73
^ Epstein, pp. 74–76
^ Epstein, pp. 91, 95, 128
^ Sutton, p. 172
^ Epstein, pp. 374–375
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: in 1932, after having to continuously answer questions about McPherson's marriage to Hutton, 33 Foursquare ministers thought this was too much of a distraction and seceded from the Temple and formed their own Pentecostal denomination, the Open Bible Evangelistic Association.
^ Epstein, p. 434
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: Homer Rodeheaver, former singing master for evangelist Billy Sunday, was refused; even when it was suggested she married the wrong man and to try again to have a loving marriage, she responded negatively and redoubled her evangelistic efforts, forsaking personal fulfillment in relationships. McPherson knew Rodeheaver from working with him at the Angeleus Temple and he introduced her to David Hutton. In the case of Rodeheaver, however, biographer Sutton, according to Roberta Star Semple, stated McPherson liked him but not the way he kissed.
^ Aimee May Marry Homer Rodeheaver (North Tonawanda, NY Evening News June 21, 1935)
^ Epstein, p. 172
^ Encyclopedia of Women and Religion in North America, Keller, Rosemary Skinner; Ruether, Rosemary Radford (Indiana University Press, 2006) p. 406-407
^ http://search.proquest.com/docview/1655208322
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), p. 147
^ Epstein, pp. 170–172
^ Epstein, p. 151
^ Epstein, p. 153
^ "Aimee McPherson". Aimee McPherson. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c Blumhofer, p. 246
^ Blumhofer, p. 244
^ More than $65,000 in 2012 dollars.
^ over $320 in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 245
^ More than $3.2 million in 2012 dollars.
^ over US $130 in 2012.
^ Thomas, Lately Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson (Morrow, New York, 1970) p. 32.
^ Bridal Call (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale Blvd, Los Angeles.) October 1929, p. 27
^ Sutton, p. 335
^ Blumhofer, p. 210
^ Epstein, p. 249
^ Sutton, pp. 186–191
^ Blumhofer, p. 269
^ Sutton, pp. 189, 315. Note: author states over 400 dead
^ Blumhofer, p. 348. Note: author indicates 1934 but probably a typo
^ Epstein, p. 369
^ about US $28,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 370
^ Sutton, p. 316
^ a b Sutton, p. 317
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson (1890 - 1944) - Find A Grave Flowers". Findagrave.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Blumhofer, p. 346
^ Blumhofer, p. 348
^ Sutton, p. 194
^ Epstein, pp. 375–376
^ Sutton, pp. 191–192
^ Sutton, p. 195
^ Anthony Quinn, The Original Sin: A Self-Portrait, Little, Brown and Company: Boston (1972), pp. 122–132
^ a b Sutton, p. 72
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 59
^ "Lessons I Learned From Sister Aimee | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 74
^ Epstein, p.252
^ "Inflation Calculator". DollarTimes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ $1 of 1920's to 1930's dollars would be worth around US $11–13 in 2013. See subsequent cites for inflation calculator links.
^ "CPI Inflation Calculator". Data.bls.gov. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.davemanuel.com/inflation-calculator.php>
^ Saunders, Nathan. “Spectacular Evangelist: Aimee Semple McPherson in the Fox Newsreel.” The Moving Image: The Journal of the Association of Moving Image Archivists 14, no. 1 (April 1, 2014): 71–90. doi:10.5749/movingimage.14.1.0071.
^ Epstein, pp. 79–80
^ a b Epstein, p. 156
^ Mavity, Nancy Barr "Sister Aimee;" (Doubleday, Doran,, Incorporated, 1931) p. 47-48
^ Epstein 1993, pp. 107–111
^ Epstein, p. 57
^ Epstein, p. 185
^ Epstein, p. 111
^ Blumhofer, p. 183
^ Von Lackum, Karl C. “Vinton Boasts Only Broadcasting Station in U.S. Owned By Woman”, Waterloo Evening Courier, Iowa, October 14, 1922, p. 7. Note: The first woman to receive a broadcasting license was Mrs. Marie Zimmerman of Vinton, Iowa, in August 1922.
^ Blumhofer, pp. 275–277
^ Updike, John (30 April 2007). "Famous Aimee: The life of Aimee Semple McPherson". The New Yorker. 
^ Epstein, p. 275
^ Epstein, p. 264
^ Schuler, Robert P. McPhersonism: a study of healing cults and modern day tongues movements, January, 1924, p. 3
^ Ben M. Bogard, Bogard-McPherson debate : McPhersonism, Holy Rollerism, miracles, Pentecostalism, divine healing : a debate with both sides presented fully, (Little Rock, Arkansas: Ben M. Bogard, 1934)
^ "Biography of Charles S. Price". Healingandrevival.com. 1947-03-08. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.earstohear.net/Price/testimony.html Note: Divine Healing was a contentious theological area of McPherson's ministry, but she was not alone. Other pastors already had a ministry with alleged successful healings such as James Moore Hickson (1868–1933), an Episcopalian of international renown. Another pastor, Dr. Charles S Price (1887–1947), went to a series of McPherson revival meetings in San Jose, California, to expose the fraud. Instead, he himself was converted and preached McPherson's version of Christianity to his congregation. Reports of purported faith healings began to take place. Price went on to preach as a traveling evangelist who converted tens of thousands along with many instances of miraculous divine healings allegedly occurring.
^ Epstein, pp. 185, 240
^ "Spiritual gifts" given by the Holy Spirit, of which the most well known is speaking in "tongues" the spontaneously speaking in a language unknown to the speaker;, also known as glossolalia. Other gifts include translating the said "tongues."
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2001/sep/30/local/me-51701
^ Los Angeles Times (The Adventures of a Would-Be Raider of the Lost Ark), September 30, 2001.
^ Ralph G. Giordano, Satan in the Dance Hall: Rev. John Roach Straton, Social Dancing, and Morality in 1920's New York City (Scarecrow Press, Oct 23, 2008), p. 167
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University (Truman State University Press, 1999), p. 308
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. London: Harvard University Press, 2007.
^ Sutton, p. 52. Note: Sutton was uncertain if McPherson actually stated the quote as reported by The New Yorker, but she did convey evolution influenced moral-relativist philosophers and believed "survival of the fittest" thinking would have a detrimental effect on society.
^ Sutton, pp. 37, 52
^ Sutton, p. 37
^ Sutton, p. 214
^ Sutton, p. 219
^ Sutton, p. 221
^ Sutton, p. 223
^ "Democratizing the Religious Experience". Xroads.virginia.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ ""Sister Aimee" to Air on PBS | Foursquare News | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, pp. 165, 395
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, ( R.L. Cox and Heritage Committee, California, 1983), pp. 41–42
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life (Boni and Liveright, New York, 1927), p.16. NOTE: Note: Though McPherson, period newspapers and most biographers referred to the woman as "Rose," she later became known in some books and articles as "Mexicali Rose."
^ Melton, J. Gordon The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena, (Visible Ink Press, 2007) p. 218
^ Sutton, p. 103
^ "President Wilson visits L.A. - Framework - Photos and Video - Visual Storytelling from the Los Angeles Times". Framework.latimes.com. 2011-06-20. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Melton, J. Gordon. (2007). The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena. Visible Ink Press. p. 218
^ Epstein, p. 301
^ Sutton, pp. 120–122
^ The San Bernardino County Sun Saturday 25 September 1926, page 1.
^ "Isadora Duncan, Aime Semple McPherson - H. L. Mencken". Ralphmag.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 133–134
^ Epstein, p. 312
^ The People vs.Aimee Semple McPherson, et al., Case CR 29181, 10 January 1927; Superior Court of Los Angeles County, County records and Archives
^ Modesto Bee And News-Herald 20 October 1926, p.1
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist pp. 285-286, 291
^ Cox, pp. 85, 209–211
^ Cox, pp. 71–72
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist, p. 278
^ Epstein, pp. 312-313
^ Cox, pp. 150-151, 152,166.
^ Lately, Thomas The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair (Viking Press, 1959) p. 26
^ Cox, pp. 17–18.
^ The Coshocton Tribune; Coshocton, Ohio January 3, 1927· Page 8
^ about US $6.4 million in 2013
^ Epstein, p. 289
^ about $1,300,000 in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 308
^ Shuler, p. 188. Note: Los Angeles Times, June 1927
^ H.L. Mencken, "Two Enterprising Ladies," American Mercury, v. 13, no. 52 (April 1928) 506-508; quote on 508.
^ Epstein, p. 386
^ a b Sutton, p. 175
^ Epstein, pp. 264, 287
^ Cox, p. 234. Note: Kenneth Ormiston did eventually sell his story to the press, identifying his companion as Elizabeth Tovey.
^ Epstein, pp. 289, 307
^ Sutton, p.135
^ Thomas Vanishing p. 31
^ Cox, pp. 37–38.
^ "McPherson Charged for Slander - U373542ACME - Rights Managed - Stock Photo - Corbis". Corbisimages.com. 1936-12-12. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "John Goben • Webjournals". Webjournals.ac.edu.au. Retrieved 2013-11-15. , Blumhofer, p. 311, Note: Reverend John D. Goben was a successful Midwestern evangelist when he joined the Angeles Temple in 1927. A revival campaign in 1930 by Goben led to the establishment the Stone Church in Toronto, Canada. Goben served as treasurer to the International Foursquare Gospel Lighthouses, an association of satellite churches he helped manage. Because of a dispute with McPherson and her legal counsel, over property ownership by the churches, he was ousted as treasurer. His mounting discontent along with encouragement of some of the Church board members, in part, precipitated his expensive private investigation of McPherson. One evening at a board meeting, Goben, hoping to elicit a confession in lieu of evidence he could not obtain, confronted McPherson with his surveillance. But McPherson, so shocked by what he did, fainted. The board members turned against Goben and he was fired. His bitter departure resulted in his publication of a pamphlet entitled Aimee, the Gospel Gold-Digger. Aimed at Temple supporters, he detailed alleged financial irregularities. A brief grand jury investigation was started, but come to nothing.
^ Epstein, pp. 334, 337
^ "A Lasting Legacy | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 175, 312
^ Cox, p. 241. Note: McPherson was frequently photographed with the image of the Christian Cross, which differs from the crucifix, with its hanging figure of Jesus and its common association with Catholicism. Cox states anecdotally some persons adversarial to McPherson, who heard the Berle story wanted to believe it was true, "but that bit about the crucifix" convinced them otherwise.
^ Sutton, p. 174
^ Cox, p. 241
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, 1983, p. 241
^ Blumhofer, p. 205
^ a b Roberts Liardon, God's Generals: Vol. 7, DVD 2005
^ Sutton, pp. 153–160
^ a b "American Experience . Sister Aimee". PBS. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ She also traveled to England, Scotland and Wales for five weeks of revival services. Press reports, depending upon the sources, described her audiences as either lacking enthusiasm or multitudes filling the altars anxiously awaiting a return visit. "Poor Aimee". Time. October 22, 1928. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Those of the nobility and gentry and middle classes who reflected upon the matter appeared to feel that the Holy Bible still offers a sufficient choice of Gospels. But of course the London mob, the lower classes, rushed to attend the evangelistic First Night of Aimee Semple McPherson 
^ Epstein, pp. 318–320
^ Epstein, p. 325
^ Blumhofer, pp. 308, 317. Note: A month later most of the choir members returned. Their leader, Gladwyn Nichols later returned as well, after publicly apologizing to McPherson.
^ Epstein, p. 341
^ Epstein, p. 343
^ Epstein, p. 356
^ a b Epstein, p. 368
^ a b c "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : The Greatest Nine Days". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, p. 388
^ "Today in History: 15 October 1931: Aimee Semple McPherson Uninvited to Speak at Harvard". Skepticism.org. 1931-10-15. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, Give me my Own God, H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc., 1936
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), p. 233
^ McPherson, Give me my Own God, pp. 88–89
^ "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : Was Aimee Semple McPherson Pentecostal?". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US $2.3 million in 2012
^ US $17 million in 2012
^ Thomas, Storming, pp. 282-284, 297 NOTE: Splivalo did earn a loyal following of disciples at the Angelus Temple, one in particular who was in contentious strife with McPherson. Splivalo gathered a list of purported damaging statements together with the witnesses, places, and times they were allegedly made by McPherson. However, the vocabulary of accused slanderous remarks, as stated in the lawsuit, were inconsistent with McPherson's known public sermons, writings, and statements.
^ Herald-Journal – May 11, 1937
^ United Press, April 15, 1937.
^ Epstein, pp. 413–414
^ US $31,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 416
^ Epstein, p. 427
^ Updike, John. "Famous Aimee". The New Yorker. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America — Matthew Avery Sutton | Harvard University Press". Hup.harvard.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 256
^ Sutton, pp. 256–257
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, Zero Hour Sermon, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ a b c "World War II and Angelus Temple | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 258
^ Aimee Semple McPherson, "Foursquaredom and Uncle Sam," Foursquare Crusader, 14 (February 1942) p. 24
^ Sutton, pp. 264, 333
^ Note: A P47 Thunderbolt fighter was then priced about $85,000, P51 Mustang $50,000, M4 Sherman tank $50,000, B17 Flying Fortress $240,00
^ "Product Prices". Panzerworld.net. 2013-10-22. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Sherman tank - improved M4 models with 76mm gun, protection". Ww2total.com. 1945-04-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US 2 million dollars in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 373
^ Sutton, p. 264
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America, London: Harvard University Press, 2007
^ a b Sutton, p. 263
^ Epstein, p. 438
^ Robinson, Judith Working Miracles The Drama and Passion of Aimee Semple McPherson (James Lorimer & Company Ltd., Publishers, Toronto, 2008) p.104-105
^ Note: In the 1993 obituary for her daughter-in-law, McPherson's life and death are mentioned. "Lorna McPherson, 82, Of the Angelus Temple.". New York Times. June 18, 1993. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Aimee Semple McPherson founded Angelus Temple in the early 1920s, when her brand of fundamentalist Christianity, stressing the "born-again" experience, divine healing and evangelism, was popular in the United States. She died on September 27, 1944, of shock and respiratory failure attributed to an overdose of sleeping pills. 
^ "Sister Aimee's' Death Is Ruled An Accident". United Press International in The Washington Post. October 14, 1944. Retrieved 2008-02-22. Aimee Semple McPherson, famous evangelist who occupied the headlines almost as often as the pulpit, died of shock and respiratory failure "from an accidental over-dosage" of sleeping capsules, a coroner's jury decided today. 
^ $630,000 in 2012 dollars
^ Sutton, p. 270
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 74
^ about $130,000 in 2013
^ about $26,000 in 2013 dollars
^ about $2.5 million in 2013 dollars
^ about US$36 million in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 440
^ http://www.foursquare.org
^ Cox, p. 3. Note: as one example Cox lists, a reporter for The Los Angeles Times, Dial Torgerson, May 18, 1969; writes in his Aimee's Disappearance Remains a Mystery, story, that HC Benedict, owner of the Carmel cottage, was expected to be a witness against McPherson, but died apparently of heart trouble before he could testify. Cox notes that HC Benedict did indeed testify, but on her behalf, denying vehemently the woman with Ormiston was McPherson. HC Benedict died on November 20, 1926, some weeks after all testimony had been concluded.
^ Sutton, p. 278
^ Sutton, p. 275
^ Timothy Tow. "John Sung and the Asian Awakening". Articles.ochristian.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Awake and Go! Global Prayer Network - John Sung". Towel.mysitehosted.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "The Real Conversion Of Dr. John Sung". Rlhymersjr.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, 1999, p. 308
^ Blumhofer, pp.182
^ Lian, Xi, Redeemed by Fire: The Rise of Popular Christianity in Modern China, Yale University Press, 2010 p. 140
^ "Dr. Edwin Louis Cole". Christianmensnetwork.com. 1981-04-24. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Who is more powerful than the president?". Mobile.wnd.com. 2012-06-10. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 277–280
^ Epstein, pp. 108, 229–231
^ Sutton, p. 150
^ There is a God: Debate between Aimee Semple McPherson, Fundamentalist and Charles Lee Smith, Atheist (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale BLVD Los Angeles. CA), 1934
^ Sutton, pp. 275–276
^ Sutton, p. 280
^ Lingeman, p. 283.
^ Sutton, p. 145
^ a b Caleb Crain (2007-06-29). "Notebook: Aimee Semple McPherson". Steamboats Are Ruining Everything. Archived from the original on 17 December 2007. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ "AIMEE!". Canadian Musicals. Retrieved 20 April 2017. 
^ "Vanity Fair's Cutout Dolls – no. 2". Vanity Fair. Archived from the original on 7 February 2008. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930) on IMDb
^ Horwitch, Lauren (February 7, 2006). "Actor Chad Allen's lead role in a $30 million". Backstage. Backstage, LLC. Retrieved January 27, 2016. 
^ "Sister Aimee by Richard Rossi". Bottletreeinc.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Gilbert, Brian (November 5, 2012). "Hallelujah! How Faith Healer Aimee Semple McPherson Inspired the Rip-Roaring New Musical Scandalous". Broadway Buzz. Broadway.com. Retrieved January 9, 2016. 
^ Gottlieb, Robert; Kimball, Robert; Reading Lyrics (Random House LLC, 2000) p. 438
^ Osborne, Jerry; Mr Music column; Lakeland Ledger - Dec 20, 2001 p. 21
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/evitas-lacey-to-join-carmello-for-saving-aimee-musical-complete-cast-announ-128141/print
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/musical-premiere-of-saving-aimee-part-of-dc-signatures-ambitious-new-season-131494
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/carolee-carmello-to-reprise-performance-in-saving-aimee-at-5th-avenue-theat-181239
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2000/may/25/entertainment/ca-33709/2
^ http://theater.calarts.edu/resources/cotsen-center
^ Susan Simpson



Richard R. Lingeman, Sinclair Lewis: Rebel from Main Street, Minnesota Historical Society Press, June 2005, ISBN 978-0-87351-541-2.

Further reading[edit]

Bahr, Robert (April 1979). Least of All Saints: the Story of Aimee Semple McPherson. Prentice-Hall. ISBN 978-0-13-527978-6. OCLC 4493103. 
Blumhofer, Edith L. (1993). Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing. ISBN 978-0-8028-0155-5. OCLC 29184439. 
Cox, Raymond L. (1983). The Verdict is In. R.L. Cox. OCLC 11315268. 
Epstein, Daniel Mark (1 July 1994). Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-15-600093-2. OCLC 26300194. 
Morris, James; Morris, Jan (1973). The Preachers. St. Martin's Press. ISBN 0-900997-41-9. OCLC 704687. 
Sutton, Matthew Avery (31 May 2009). Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. Harvard University Press). ISBN 978-0-674-03253-8. OCLC 77504335. 
Thomas, Lately (1959). The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair. Viking Press. OCLC 1575665. 
Thomas, Lately (1970). Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson. Morrow. OCLC 92194. 
Zaballos, Nausica (23 November 2011). "La disparition de Soeur Aimee". Crimes et procès sensationnels à Los Angeles 1922-1962: Au-delà du Dahlia noir. Paris: E-Dite. pp. 103–140. ISBN 978-2-84608-310-2. OCLC 779750888. 

External links[edit]





This article's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (November 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Works by or about Aimee Semple McPherson at Internet Archive
"Aimee McPherson" Old Time Radio
Foursquare Gospel church
Aimee Semple McPherson biography
Biography from Liberty Harbor Foursquare Gospel Church
Song about the McPherson kidnapping scandal, dating from when it was a current news story. Pete Seeger recorded this on the 1961 album Story Songs.
Woman Thou Art God: Female Empowerment, Spirituality & a biography on Aimee.
The Ballad of Aimee McPherson.
Aimee Semple McPherson on The California Museum's California Legacy Trails
Photo essay on Aimee Semple McPherson's Lake Elsinore Castle retreat
The theatricality of revivalism as exemplified in the artistry of Billy Sunday and Aimee Semple McPherson.
Did McPherson send a "Minions of Satan" message to Herbert Hoover, and another article by the same historian later concluding she did not send such a message.
Aimee Semple McPherson on IMDb
Scandal and Censure: A Reinvestigation of the Socio-Political Forces Surrounding the Disappearance of Aimee Semple McPherson




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 67270403
LCCN: n50007859
ISNI: 0000 0000 8147 5323
GND: 119191474
SUDOC: 084100087










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aimee_Semple_McPherson&oldid=790976823"					
Categories: 1890 births1944 deaths20th-century ChristiansAimee Semple McPhersonAmerican anti-communistsAmerican anti-fascistsAmerican evangelicalsAmerican evangelistsAmerican PentecostalsAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican temperance activistsBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)Canadian evangelicalsCanadian evangelistsCanadian PentecostalsCanadian people of Irish descentChristian creationistsChristian fundamentalistsDrug-related deaths in CaliforniaFaith healersHistory of Los AngelesMembers of the International Church of the Foursquare GospelPeople from Oxford County, OntarioReligious scandalsVaudeville performersActivists from CaliforniaHidden categories: Articles that may be too long from October 2013Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsWikipedia external links cleanup from November 2014Wikipedia spam cleanup from November 2014Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 09:24.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Aimee Semple McPherson - Wikipedia






















 






Aimee Semple McPherson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the 2006 film, see Aimee Semple McPherson (film).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (October 2013)




Aimee Semple McPherson



Sister Aimee, early 1920s



Born
Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy
(1890-10-09)October 9, 1890
Salford, Ontario, Canada


Died
September 27, 1944(1944-09-27) (aged 53)
Oakland, California


Cause of death
Accidental overdose


Resting place
Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery (Glendale)


Known for
Founding the Foursquare Church


Spouse(s)
Robert Semple (1908–10; his death)
Harold McPherson (1912–21; divorced)
David Hutton (1931–34; divorced)


Children
Roberta Semple (b. 1910)
Rolf McPherson (b. 1913)


Parent(s)
James Morgan Kennedy
Mildred Ona Pearce


Aimee Semple McPherson (Aimée, in the original French; October 9, 1890 – September 27, 1944), also known as Sister Aimee or simply Sister, was a Canadian-American Pentecostal evangelist and media celebrity in the 1920s and 1930s,[1] famous for founding the Foursquare Church. McPherson has been noted as a pioneer in the use of modern media, because she used radio to draw on the growing appeal of popular entertainment in North America and incorporated other forms into her weekly sermons at Angelus Temple, one of the first megachurches.[2]
In her time she was the most publicized Christian evangelist, surpassing Billy Sunday and her other predecessors.[3][4] She conducted public faith healing demonstrations before large crowds; testimonies conveyed tens of thousands of people healed.[5][6] McPherson's articulation of the United States as a nation founded and sustained by divine inspiration continues to be echoed by many pastors in churches today.
News coverage sensationalized her misfortunes with family and church members; particularly inflaming accusations she had fabricated her reported kidnapping, turning it into a national spectacle.[7] McPherson's preaching style, extensive charity work and ecumenical contributions were a major influence to Charismatic Christianity in the 20th century.[8][9]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life
1.2 Conversion
1.3 Marriage and family
1.4 Early career
1.5 Career in Los Angeles
1.6 Charitable work


2 Ministry

2.1 Style of ministry
2.2 Faith Healing Ministry
2.3 The "Foursquare Church"


3 Life in the media spotlight

3.1 Media relations
3.2 Politics


4 Reported kidnapping

4.1 Disappearance from Venice Beach
4.2 Return to Los Angeles
4.3 Grand jury inquiry
4.4 After the case dismissal


5 Claims of extramarital affairs

5.1 During her lifetime
5.2 Posthumously


6 Later life and career

6.1 After fallout with press
6.2 Problems with Mildred Kennedy
6.3 Resurrecting her career
6.4 Problems with the Temple


7 War years

7.1 Views on war
7.2 Reaction to war


8 Death
9 Legacy and influence

9.1 Ministry
9.2 Legacy


10 Works about McPherson

10.1 Books, periodicals, films, and plays


11 Publications
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]
McPherson was born Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy on a farm in Salford, Ontario, Canada.[10] She had early exposure to religion through her mother, Mildred (known as "Minnie") who worked with the poor in Salvation Army soup kitchens.
As a child she would play "Salvation Army" with her classmates, and at home she would gather a congregation with her dolls, giving them a sermon.[11] As a teenager, McPherson strayed from her mother's teachings by reading novels and going to movies and dances, activities which were strongly disapproved of by both the Salvation Army and the religion of her father, James Kennedy, a Methodist. Novels, though, made their way into the Methodist Church library and with guilty delight, McPherson would read them. At the movies, she recognized some of her fellow Methodist church members. She learned too, at a local dance she attended, that her dancing partner was a Presbyterian minister. In high school, she was taught Charles Darwin's Theory of Evolution.[12][13] She began to quiz visiting preachers and local pastors about faith and science, but was unhappy with the answers she received.[14] She wrote to the Canadian newspaper, Family Herald and Weekly Star, questioning why taxpayer-funded public schools had courses, such as evolution, which undermined Christianity.[14] This was her first exposure to fame, as people nationwide responded to her letter.[14] While still in high school, after her Pentecostal conversion, McPherson began a crusade against the concept of evolution, beginning a lifelong passion.
Conversion[edit]


Robert and Aimee Semple (1910)


While attending a revival meeting in December 1907, Aimee met Robert James Semple, a Pentecostal missionary from Ireland. There, her faith crisis ended as she decided to dedicate her life to God and made the conversion to Pentecostalism as she witnessed the Holy Spirit moving powerfully.[14]
Marriage and family[edit]
At that same revival meeting, Aimee became enraptured not only by the message that Robert Semple gave, but also with Robert himself. She decided to dedicate her life to both God and Robert, and after a short courtship, they were married on August 12, 1908, in a Salvation Army ceremony, pledging never to allow their marriage to lessen their devotion to God, affection for comrades, or faithfulness in the Army. The pair's notion of "Army" was very broad, encompassing much more than just the Salvation Army. Robert supported them as a foundry worker and preached at the local Pentecostal mission. Together, they studied the Bible, Aimee claiming Robert taught her all she knew; though other observers state she was far more knowledgeable than she let on. After a few months they moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. Durham earlier had visited the mission where the Azusa Street Revival was taking place, returned and applied its teachings. Under Durham's tutelage, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence.[15]




Aimee Semple and her second husband Harold McPherson. For a time Harold traveled with his wife Aimee in the "Gospel Car"as an itinerant preacher himself; helping her to set up tents for revival meetings.


After embarking on an evangelistic tour to China, both contracted malaria. Robert also contracted dysentery, of which he died in Hong Kong. Aimee recovered and gave birth to their daughter, Roberta Star Semple, as a 19-year-old widow. On board a ship returning to the United States, Aimee Semple started a Sunday school class, then held other services, as well, oftentimes mentioning her late husband in her sermons; almost all passengers attended.
Shortly after her recuperation in the United States, Semple joined her mother Minnie working with the Salvation Army. While in New York City, she met Harold Stewart McPherson, an accountant. They were married on May 5, 1912, moved to Providence, Rhode Island and had a son, Rolf Potter Kennedy McPherson, in March 1913.
During this time, McPherson felt as though she denied her "calling" to go preach. After struggling with emotional distress and obsessive–compulsive disorder, she would fall to weep and pray.[16][17] She felt the call to preach tug at her even more strongly after the birth of Rolf. Then in, 1914, she fell seriously ill, and McPherson states she again heard the persistent voice, asking her to go preach while in the holding room after a failed operation. McPherson accepted the voice's challenge, and she suddenly opened her eyes and was able to turn over in bed without pain. One spring morning in 1915, her husband returned home from the night shift to discover McPherson had left him and taken the children. A few weeks later, a note was received inviting him to join her in evangelistic work.[18]




Aimee Semple McPherson and her third husband, David L. Hutton, enjoying their honeymoon breakfast. To avoid news publicity, they chartered a plane to Yuma, Arizona; and were married in a small ceremony. Hutton assisted in some of McPherson's charity work before their divorce in 1934.


Her husband later followed McPherson to take her back home. When he saw her, though, preaching to a crowd, he witnessed her transformation into a radiant, lovely woman. Before long, he became her fellow worker in Christ. Their house in Providence was sold and he joined her in setting up tents for revival meetings and even did some preaching himself.[19] Throughout their journey, food and accommodations were uncertain, as they lived out of the "Gospel Car". Her husband, in spite of initial enthusiasm, wanted a life that was more stable and predictable. Eventually, he returned to Rhode Island and around 1918 filed for separation. He petitioned for divorce, citing abandonment; the divorce was granted in 1921.
She married again on September 13, 1931 to actor and musician David Hutton, followed by much drama, after which she fainted and fractured her skull.[20] While McPherson was away in Europe to recover, she was angered to learn Hutton was billing himself as "Aimee's man" in his cabaret singing act and was frequently photographed with scantily clad women. Hutton's much-publicized personal scandals were damaging the Foursquare Gospel Church and their leader's credibility with other churches.[21] McPherson and Hutton separated in 1933 and divorced on March 1, 1934. McPherson later publicly repented of the marriage, as wrong from the beginning, for both theological[22] and personal reasons[23] and therefore rejected nationally known gospel singer Homer Rodeheaver, a more appropriate suitor, when he eventually asked for her hand in 1935.[24][25]
Early career[edit]
While married to Robert Semple, the two moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. There, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence the otherwise indecipherable utterances of glossolalia. Unable to find fulfillment as a housewife, in 1913, McPherson began evangelizing and holding tent revivals across the Sawdust Trail in the United States and Canada.
After her first successful visits, she had little difficulty with acceptance or attendance. Eager converts filled the pews of local churches which turned many recalcitrant ministers into her enthusiastic supporters. Frequently, she would start a revival meeting in a hall or church and then have to move to a larger building to accommodate the growing crowds. When no buildings were suitable, she set up a tent, which was often filled past capacity.
She wanted to create the enthusiasm a Pentecostal meeting could provide, with its "Amen Corner" and "Halleluiah Chorus", but also to avoid its unbridled chaos as participants started shouting, trembling on the floor, and speaking in tongues, all at once. McPherson organized her meetings with the general public in mind and yet did not wish to quench any who suddenly came into "the Spirit". To this, she set up a "tarry tent or room" away from the general area for any who suddenly started speaking in tongues or display any other Holy Ghost behavior by which the larger audience might be put off.[26]
In 1916, McPherson embarked on a tour of the Southern United States in her "Gospel Car", and again later, in 1918, with her mother, Mildred Kennedy. Mildred was an important addition to McPherson's ministry and managed everything, including the money, which gave them an unprecedented degree of financial security. Their vehicle was a 1912 Packard touring car emblazoned with religious slogans. Standing on the back seat of the convertible, McPherson preached sermons over a megaphone. On the road between sermons, she would sit in the back seat typing sermons and other religious materials. She first traveled up and down the eastern United States, then went to other parts of the country.
By 1917, she had started her own magazine, The Bridal Call, for which she wrote many articles about women’s roles in religion; she portrayed the link between Christians and Jesus as a marriage bond. Along with taking seriously the religious role of women, the magazine contributed to transforming Pentecostalism from a movement into an ongoing American religious presence. [27]
While McPherson was traveling for her evangelical work, she arrived in Baltimore, where she was first "discovered" by the newspapers in 1919, after a day of conducting evangelistic services at the Lyric Opera House.[28] Baltimore became one of the pivotal points for her early career.[29] The crowds, in their religious ecstasy, were barely kept under control as they gave way to manifestations of "the Spirit". Moreover, her alleged faith healings now became part of the public record, and attendees began to focus on that part of her ministry over all else. McPherson also considered the Baltimore Revival an important turning point, not only for her ministry, "but in the history of the outpouring of the Pentecostal power," [30]
Career in Los Angeles[edit]
In late 1918, McPherson came to Los Angeles, a move many at the time were making for better opportunities. Minnie Kennedy, her mother, rented the largest hall they could find, the 3,500-seat Philharmonic Auditorium (known then as Temple Auditorium). People waited for hours to get in, and McPherson could hardly reach the pulpit without stepping on someone.[31] Afterwards, grateful attendees of her Los Angeles meetings built a home for her family and her, which included everything from the cellar to a canary bird.[32] At this time, Los Angeles had become a popular vacation spot. Rather than touring the United States to preach her sermons, McPherson stayed in Los Angeles, drawing audiences from a population which had soared from 100,000 in 1900 to 575,000 people in 1920, and often included many visitors.[33]
Wearied by constant traveling and having nowhere to raise a family, McPherson had settled in Los Angeles, where she maintained both a home and a church. McPherson believed that by creating a church in Los Angeles, her audience would come to her from all over the country. This, she felt, would allow her to plant seeds of the Gospel and tourists would take it home to their communities, still reaching the masses. For several years, she continued to travel and raise money for the construction of a large, domed church building at 1100 Glendale Blvd. in the Echo Park area of Los Angeles. The church would be named Angelus Temple, reflecting the Roman Catholic tradition of the Angelus bell, calling the faithful to prayer, as well its reference to the angels.[34] Not wanting to take on debt, McPherson located a construction firm which would work with her as funds were raised "by faith".[35] She started with $5,000.[36] The firm indicated it would be enough to carve out a hole for the foundation.
McPherson began a campaign in earnest and was able to mobilize diverse groups of people to help fund and build the new church. Various fundraising methods were used, such as selling chairs for Temple seating at US $25[37] apiece. In exchange, "chair-holders" got a miniature chair and encouragement to pray daily for the person who would eventually sit in that chair. Her approach worked to generate enthusiastic giving and to create a sense of ownership and family among the contributors.[38]







Raising more money than she had hoped, McPherson altered the original plans, and built a "megachurch" that would draw many followers throughout the years. The endeavor cost contributors around $250,000[39] in actual money spent. However, this price was low for a structure of its size. Costs were kept down by donations of building materials and volunteer labor.[34] McPherson sometimes quipped when she first got to California, all she had was a car, ten dollars[40] and a tambourine.[34] Enrollment grew exceeding 10,000, and was advertised to be the largest single Christian congregation in the world[41] According to church records, Angelus Temple received 40 million visitors within the first seven years[42]
McPherson intended the Angelus Temple as both a place of worship and an ecumenical center for persons of all Christian faiths to meet and build alliances. A wide range of clergy and laypeople consisted of Methodists, Baptists, the Salvation Army, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Adventists, Quakers, Roman Catholics, Mormons, and even secular civic leaders, who came to the Angelus Temple. They were welcomed and many made their way to her podium as guest speakers.[9] Eventually, even Rev. Robert P. Shuler, a once-robust McPherson critic, was featured as a guest preacher.[43]
Because Pentecostalism was not popular in the United States during the 1920s, McPherson avoided the label. She practiced speaking-in-tongues and faith healing within her services, but kept the former to a minimum in sermons to appease mainstream audiences. Discarded medical fittings from persons faith-healed during her services, which included crutches, wheelchairs, and other paraphernalia; were gathered for display in a museum area. As evidence of her early influence by the Salvation Army, McPherson adopted a theme of "lighthouses" for the satellite churches, referring to the parent church as the "Salvation Navy". This was the beginning of McPherson working to plant Foursquare Gospel churches around the country.
Charitable work[edit]




McPherson (left) prepares Christmas food baskets (about 1935)


McPherson strove to develop a church organization which could not only provide for the spiritual, but also the physical needs of the distressed. Though she fervently believed and preached the imminent return of Jesus Christ,[44] she had no idea of how soon that Second Coming might be. Two thoughts pervaded the mind of most devout Pentecostals of the time, "Jesus is coming, therefore how can I get ready," and "how can I help others to get ready?"
For McPherson, part of the answer was to mobilize her Temple congregation and everyone she could reach through radio, telephone, and word of mouth to get involved in substantial amounts of charity and social work. "True Christianity is not only to be good but to do good," she preached. The Charities and Beneficiary Department collected donations for all types of humanitarian relief to include a Japanese disaster, as well as a German relief fund. Men released from prison were found jobs by a "brotherhood". A "sisterhood" was created, as well, sewing baby clothing for impoverished mothers.[45] Branch churches elsewhere in the country were likewise encouraged to follow the Angelus Temple's example. Even people who considered McPherson's theology almost ridiculous helped out because they saw her church as the best way to assist their community.[46]
In June 1925, after confirming reports of an earthquake in Santa Barbara, McPherson immediately left the parsonage and interrupted a broadcast at a nearby radio station. She took over the microphone from the startled singer and requested food, blankets, clothing, or whatever listeners could give for emergency supplies to assist nearby Santa Barbara. As the Red Cross met to discuss and organize aid, McPherson's second convoy had already arrived at the troubled city.[47] In 1928, after a dam failed and the ensuing flood left up to 600 dead in its wake, McPherson's church led the relief effort.[48] Later, in 1933, an earthquake struck and devastated Long Beach. McPherson quickly arranged for volunteers to be on the scene with blankets, coffee, and doughnuts.[49]




Men wait in line to enter Aimee Semple McPherson's Angelus Temple Free Dining Hall & Commissary, located at 2210 W. Temple Street. At the time she was married to David Hutton and all branding reflected his last name.


Drawing from her childhood experience with the Salvation Army, in 1927, McPherson opened a commissary at Angelus Temple which was devised to assist the needy on a much larger, formalized scale. The Commissary was virtually the only place in town a person could get food, clothing, and blankets with no questions asked. It was open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and became active in creating soup kitchens, free clinics, and other charitable activities as the Great Depression wore on. She fed an estimated 1.5 million people. When the government shut down the free school-lunch program, McPherson took it over. Her policy of giving first and investigating afterward allowed waste and a certain number of deadbeats to leech off the program, but it "alleviated suffering on an epic scale".[50]
McPherson got the fire and police departments to assist in distribution. Doctors, physicians, and dentists were persuaded to staff her free clinic that trained 500 nurses to help treat children and the elderly. She encouraged individuals and companies of all types to donate supplies, food, cash, or labor. To prevent the power from being turned off to homes of overdue accounts during the winter, a $2,000[51] cash reserve was set up with the utility company. Many people, who otherwise would have nothing to do with the Angelus Temple, would receive a call from McPherson, and then loot their mansion closets or company stores for something to give. The Yellow Cab Company donated a large building and, in the first month, 80,000 people received meals there.[52][53]
Laboring under a sign "Everybody and anybody is somebody to Jesus", volunteer workers filled commissary baskets with an assortment of food and other items, as well as Foursquare Gospel literature, and handed them out. Even a complete kit designed to care for newborn babies was available. A reporter wrote he had always thought the breadline was a "drab colorless scar on our civilization", but of the Angelus Temple commissary, he observed, was "the warm garment of sympathy and Christian succor."[54] A note, which reflects the sentiment of many of those who received assistance, was left in June, 2010 at McPherson's virtual gravesite:

"My grandpa always talked about when he was a kid, he and his family moved to California from Missouri, during the depression, and his family was starving and they met you and you gave them a bag of vegetables, and some money, he never forgot it." -Anonymous[55]

Establishing an employment bureau, as well, McPherson desired to help "the discouraged husband, the despondent widow, or the little mother who wants extra work to bear the burden of a sick husband".[56] She expected everyone in her temple to be involved, 'let us ever strive to lighten our brother's load and dry the tears of a sister; race, creed or status make no difference. We are all one in the eyes of the Lord." She encouraged members to think of the commissary as widening "the spirituality of the whole church".[57]




Line of unemployed men getting meals at dining hall run by Aimee Semple McPherson, 1932.


In 1932, the commissary was raided by police to allegedly locate a still used to make brandy out of donated apricots. Some sauerkraut and salad oil were purportedly observed leaking from their respective storage areas. As a consequence, the commissary was briefly shut down. The press got involved and the public demanded an investigation. Since no one really wanted to stall the temple's charity efforts, the acceptable solution was to replace the immediate management. The staff was let go and students from her Foursquare Gospel Church's LIFE Bible College filled in. The newspaper media, generally cynical of the Temple and in particular, of McPherson, recognized "the excellent features of that organization's efforts" and "the faults of the Angelus Temple are outweighed by its virtues".[58] McPherson issued a statement declaring, "They have clashed loud their cymbals and blown their trumpets about a still and some sauerkraut,... our work is still before us. If...anybody abused his trust, it must not happen again."[59]
As McPherson tried to avoid administrative delays in categorizing the "deserving" from the "undeserving", her temple commissary became known as one of the region's most effective and inclusive aid institutions. Few soup kitchens lasted more than several months, but McPherson's remained open.[54] Even as she transformed herself into a fashionable blonde Hollywood socialite, McPherson's vigor and practicality for social activism did not change; she loved organizing big projects.[60] A 1936 survey indicated the Angelus Temple assisted more family units than any other public or private institution in the city. Because her programs aided nonresidents, as well, such as migrants from other states and Mexico, she ran afoul of California state regulations. Though temple guidelines were later officially adjusted to accommodate those policies, helping families in need was a priority, regardless of their place of residence.[61]
Actor Anthony Quinn recalls:

"This was all during the height of the Depression, when hunger and poverty permeated America. Many Mexicans were terrified of appealing for county help because most of them were in the country illegally. When in distress, they were comforted by the fact that they could call one of Aimee's branches at any time of the night. There, they would never be asked any of the embarrassing questions posed by the authorities. The fact that they were hungry or in need of warm clothing was enough. No one even asked if they belonged to Aimee's church or not."[62]

Ministry[edit]
Style of ministry[edit]
In August 1925 and away from Los Angeles, McPherson decided to charter a plane so she would not miss giving her Sunday sermon. Aware of the opportunity for publicity, she arranged for at least 2000 followers and members of the press to be present at the airport. The plane failed after takeoff and the landing gear collapsed, sending the nose of the plane into the ground. McPherson boarded another plane and used the experience as the narrative of an illustrated Sunday sermon called "The Heavenly Airplane".[63] The stage in Angelus Temple was set up with two miniature planes and a skyline that looked like Los Angeles. In this sermon, McPherson described how the first plane had the devil for the pilot, sin for the engine, and temptation as the propeller. The other plane, however, was piloted by Jesus and would lead one to the Holy City (the skyline shown on stage). The temple was filled beyond capacity.




Angelus Temple completed in 1923, is the center of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel founded by McPherson. In 1992, Angelus Temple was designated a National Historic Landmark. It is still in active use.


On another occasion, she described being pulled over by a police officer, calling the sermon "Arrested for Speeding". Dressed in a traffic cop's uniform, she sat in the saddle of a police motorcycle, earlier placed on the stage, and revved the siren.[63] One author in attendance, insisted she actually drove the motorcycle, with its deafening roar, across the access ramp to the pulpit, slammed on the brakes, then raised a white-gloved hand to shout "Stop! You're speeding to Hell!"[64] Since McPherson gave some of her sermons more than once, and with variations, the possibility existed both versions might be true.
McPherson employed a small group of artists, electricians, decorators, and carpenters, who built the sets for each Sunday's service. Religious music was played by an orchestra. McPherson also worked on elaborate sacred operas. One production, The Iron Furnace, based on the book of Exodus, told of God’s deliverance as the Israelites fled slavery in Egypt. Some Hollywood movie stars even assisted with obtaining costumes from local studios. The cast was large, perhaps as many as 450 people, but so elaborate and expensive, it was presented only one time. Rehearsals for the various productions were time-consuming and McPherson "did not tolerate any nonsense." Though described as "always kind and loving", McPherson demanded respect regarding the divine message the sacred operas and her other works were designed to convey.[65]




Aimee Semple McPherson surrounded by massed choirs at Angelus Temple for a musical requiem in 1929.


Even though McPherson condemned theater and film as the devil's workshop, its secrets and effects were co-opted. She became the first woman evangelist to adopt the whole technique of the moving picture star.[66] McPherson desired to avoid the dreary church service where by obligation parishioners would go to fulfill some duty by being present in the pew. She wanted a sacred drama that would compete with the excitement of vaudeville and the movies. The message was serious, but the tone more along the lines of a humorous musical comedy. Animals were frequently incorporated and McPherson, the once farm girl, knew how to handle them. McPherson gave up to 22 sermons a week and the lavish Sunday night service attracted the largest crowds, extra trolleys and police were needed to help route the traffic through Echo Park to and from Angelus Temple.[67] To finance the Angelus Temple and its projects, collections were taken at every meeting, often with the admonishment, "no coins, please".[68][69][70][71]
McPherson preached a conservative gospel, but used progressive methods, taking advantage of radio, movies, and stage acts. Advocacy for women's rights was on the rise, including women's suffrage through the 19th Amendment. She attracted some women associated with modernism, but others were put off by the contrast between her different theories. By accepting and using such new media outlets, McPherson helped integrate them into people’s daily lives. Sister McPherson used the media to her advantage as she became the "first modern celebrity preacher."[72]




Minister Aimee Semple McPherson and a group of tambourine players leading a service at Angelus Temple. She was very innovative in producing weekly dramas illustrating religious themes.


The battle between fundamentalists and modernists escalated after World War I, with many modernists seeking less conservative religious faiths.[73] Fundamentalists generally believed their religious faith should influence every aspect of their lives. McPherson sought to eradicate modernism and secularism in homes, churches, schools, and communities. She developed a strong following in what McPherson termed "the Foursquare Gospel" by blending contemporary culture with religious teachings. McPherson was entirely capable of sustaining a protracted intellectual discourse as her Bible students and debate opponents will attest. But she believed in preaching the gospel with simplicity and power, so as to not confuse the message. Her distinct voice and visual descriptions created a crowd excitement "bordering on hysteria."[74]
The appeal of McPherson's 30 or so revival events from 1919 to 1922 surpassed any touring event of theater or politics ever presented in American history. "Neither Houdini nor Teddy Roosevelt had such an audience nor PT Barnum."[74] Her one- to four-week meetings typically overflowed any building she could find to hold them. She broke attendance records recently set by Billy Sunday[3] and frequently used his temporary tabernacle structures in which to hold some of her meetings. Her revivals were often standing-room only. One such revival was held in a boxing ring, with the meeting before and after the match. Throughout the boxing event, she walked about with a sign reading "knock out the Devil". In San Diego, California, the city called in the National Guard and other branches of the armed forces to control a revival crowd over 30,000 people. She became one of the most photographed persons of her time. She enjoyed the publicity and quotes on almost every subject were sought from her by journalists.
Faith Healing Ministry[edit]
Main article: Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson
McPherson's ability to draw crowds was also greatly assisted by her apparently successful faith healing presentations. Almost by accident she discovered when she laid hands on sick or injured persons, they got well. One early McPherson biographer, Nancy Barr Mavity described the healing power "beyond her conscience [sic] control" and "profoundly troubling" however a phenomenon familiar to the psychiatrist although "none the less [sic] mysterious." [75]
During a 1916 revival meeting in Corona, Long Island, New York, a young woman in the advanced stages of rheumatoid arthritis was brought to the altar by friends. McPherson would have preferred to pray with her privately. However, the woman insisted upon immediate prayer. McPherson laid hands on her and prayed. Before the gathered parishioners, the woman walked out of the church without crutches.[76] McPherson's reputation as a faith healer rapidly became known and the sick and injured people came to her by the tens of thousands.
The Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson was extensively written about in the news media and was a large part of her early career legacy.[77] No one has ever been credited by secular witnesses with anywhere near the numbers of faith healings attributed to McPherson, especially during the years 1919 to 1922.[78] Over time, though, she almost withdrew from the faith-healing aspect of her services, since it was overwhelming[79] other areas of her ministry. Scheduled weekly and monthly healing sessions nevertheless remained highly popular with the public until her death in 1944.
The "Foursquare Church"[edit]




Foursquare Church logo


Eventually, McPherson's church evolved into its own denomination and became known as the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (usually referenced as the "Foursquare Church"). Foursquare is an alternative word for Full Gospel (a term used by Pentecostals), referencing the nature of Christ's character: that he was Savior, baptizer with the Holy Spirit, healer, and soon-coming King. The four main beliefs were: the first being Christ's ability to transform individuals' lives through the act of salvation; the second focused on a holy baptism which includes receiving power to glorify and exalt Christ in a practical way; the third was divine healing, newness of life for both body and spirit; and the fourth was gospel-oriented heed to the premillennial return of Jesus Christ.
McPherson published the weekly Foursquare Crusader, along with her monthly magazine, Bridal Call. She began broadcasting on radio in the early 1920s. On a Sunday morning in April 1922, the Rockridge Radio Station in Oakland CA; offered her some radio time and she became the first woman to preach a sermon over the "wireless telephone."[80] With the opening of Foursquare Gospel-owned KFSG on February 6, 1924, she became the second woman granted a broadcast license by the Department of Commerce, the federal agency that supervised broadcasting in the early 1920s.[81]
McPherson racially integrated her tent meetings and church services. On one occasion, as a response to McPherson's ministry and Angelus Temple being integrated, Ku Klux Klan members were in attendance, but after the service, hoods and robes were found on the ground in nearby Echo Park.[82] She is also credited with helping many Hispanic ministries in Los Angeles.[83]
McPherson traveling about the country holding widely popular revival meetings and filling local churches with converts was one thing, settling permanently into their city caused concern among some local Los Angeles churches. Though she shared many of their fundamentalist beliefs, such as divine inspiration of the Bible, the classical Trinity, virgin birth of Jesus, historical reality of Christ's miracles, bodily resurrection of Christ, and the atoning purpose of his crucifixion; the presentation of lavish sermons, and an effective faith-healing ministry presented by a female divorcee whom thousands adored and about whom newspapers continuously wrote, was unexpected. Moreover, the Temple, especially the women, had a look and style uniquely theirs. They would emulate McPherson's style and dress, and a distinct Angelus Temple uniform came into existence, a white dress with a navy blue cape thrown over it.[84] Men were more discreet, wearing suits. Her voice, projected over the powerful state-of-the-art KFSG radio station and heard by hundreds of thousands, became the most recognized in the western United States.[85]




McPherson preaching at the newly built Angelus Temple in 1923: Her messages showcased the love of God, redemption, and the joys of service and heaven, contrasting sharply with the fire-and-brimstone style of sermon delivery popular with many of her peers.


Her illustrated sermons attracted criticism from some clergy members because they thought it turned the Gospel message into mundane theater and entertainment. Divine healing, as McPherson called it, was claimed by many pastors to be a unique dispensation granted only for Apostolic times. Rival radio evangelist Reverend Robert P. Shuler published a pamphlet entitled McPhersonism, which purported that her "most spectacular and advertised program was out of harmony with God's word."[86] Debates such as the Bogard-McPherson debate in 1934[87] drew further attention to the controversy, but none could really argue effectively against McPherson's results.[88][89][90]
The new developing Assemblies of God denomination, Pentecostal as McPherson was, for a time worked with her, but they encouraged separation from established Protestant faiths. McPherson resisted trends to isolate as a denomination and continued her task of coalition-building among evangelicals. McPherson worked hard to attain ecumenical vision of the faith, and while she participated in debates, avoided pitched rhetorical battles that divided so many in Christianity. She wanted to work with existing churches on projects and to share with them her visions and beliefs.
Assisting in her passion was the speedy establishment of LIFE Bible College adjacent to the Angeles Temple. Ministers trained there were originally intended to go nationally and worldwide to all denominations and share her newly defined "Foursquare Gospel." A well-known Methodist minister, Frank Thompson, who never had the Pentecostal experience,[91] was persuaded to run the college, and he taught the students the doctrine of John Wesley. McPherson and others, meanwhile, infused them with Pentecostal ideals. For about a year, Antonia Frederick Futterer, suggested by Los Angeles Times as the inspiration for Steven Spielberg's film character, Indiana Jones, was also a facility member.[92][93] McPherson's efforts eventually led Pentecostals, which were previously unconventional and on the periphery of Christianity, into the mainstream of American evangelicalism.[9]
Life in the media spotlight[edit]
Media relations[edit]
By early 1926, McPherson had become one of the most charismatic and influential women and ministers of her time. Her fame equaled, to name a few, Charles Lindbergh, Johnny Weissmuller, Jack Dempsey, Babe Ruth, Ty Cobb, Knute Rockne, Bobby Jones, Louise Brooks, and Rudolph Valentino.[94] She was a major American phenomenon, who along with some other high-profile preachers of the time, unlike Hollywood celebrities, could be admired by their adoring public, "without apparently compromising their souls."[95]
According to Carey McWilliams, she had become "more than just a household word: she was a folk hero and a civic institution; an honorary member of the fire and police departments; a patron saint of the service clubs; an official spokesman for the community on problems grave and frivolous."[96] She was influential in many social, educational and political areas. McPherson made personal crusades against anything that she felt threatened her Christian ideals, including the drinking of alcohol and teaching evolution in schools.
McPherson became a strong supporter of William Jennings Bryan during the 1925 Scopes trial, in which John Scopes was tried for illegally teaching evolution at a Dayton, Tennessee, school. Bryan and McPherson had worked together in the Angelus Temple and they believed Darwinism had undermined students' morality. According to The New Yorker, McPherson said, evolution "is the greatest triumph of Satanic intelligence in 5,931 years of devilish warfare, against the Hosts of Heaven. It is poisoning the minds of the children of the nation."[97] She sent Bryan a telegram saying, "Ten thousand members of Angelus Temple with her millions of radio church membership send grateful appreciation of your lion-hearted championship of the Bible against evolution and throw our hats in the ring with you."[98] She organized "an all-night prayer service, a massive church meeting preceded by a Bible parade through Los Angeles."[99]
Politics[edit]
While her mother Mildred Kennedy was a registered Democrat, no one was certain of McPherson's registration. She endorsed Herbert Hoover over Franklin D. Roosevelt, but enthusiastically threw her support behind the latter and his social programs when he was elected into office.[100] She was a patron of organized labor, preaching a gangster's money was "no more unclean than the dollars of the man who amasses his millions from underpaid factory workers".[101] She was more cautious, though, when labor strikes resulted in violent uprisings. She saw in them the possible activities of Communism, which sought to infiltrate labor unions and other organizations. McPherson intensely disliked Communism and its derivatives as they sought to rule without God; their ultimate goal, she believed, was to remove Christianity from the earth. McPherson's opinion of fascism fared no better; its totalitarian rule was wrongly justified by claiming to represent the power of God.[102]
McPherson did not align herself consistently with any broad conservative or liberal political agenda. Instead, she explained if Christianity occupied a central place in national life, and if the components of God, home, school and government were kept together, everything else would fall into place. "Remove any of these," she warned, "and [civilization] topples, crumbles."[103][104] Current Foursquare Gospel Church leaders qualify the evangelist's views: "McPherson’s passion to see America sustained in spiritual health, which compelled her quest to see the Church influence government, must be interpreted in light of the political and religious climate of the 1920s, 30s, and 40s. It is not accurate to draw a parallel between today’s extreme fundamentalist, right-wing Christianity and the style or focus of Sister McPherson."[105] She was also among the first prominent Christian ministers to defend the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine. She related that when Christ returns, the Jews would receive him, their suffering will end, "and they will establish at Jerusalem a kingdom more wonderful than the world has known."[106]
Reported kidnapping[edit]
Disappearance from Venice Beach[edit]
Main article: Reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson




Minnie Kennedy doing radio interview with deep-sea diver R.C. Crawford during search for McPherson's body in Santa Monica, Calif., 1926


The reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson caused a frenzy in national media and changed her life and the course of her career. After disappearing in May, 1926, she reappeared in Mexico five weeks later, stating she had been held for ransom in a desert shack there. The subsequent grand-jury inquiries over her reported kidnapping and escape precipitated continued public interest in her future misfortunes.
On May 18, 1926, McPherson went with her secretary to Ocean Park Beach north of Venice Beach to swim. Soon after arriving, McPherson was nowhere to be found. It was thought she had drowned. Searchers combed the beach and nearby area, but could not locate her body. The Angelus Temple received letters and calls claiming knowledge of McPherson, including demands for ransom. McPherson sightings occurred around the country, often in widely divergent locations many miles apart on the same day. As a precaution, the ransom notes were sent to the police who investigated at least one of them. Mildred Kennedy, though, regarded the messages as hoaxes, believing her daughter dead.[107]
As the Angelus Temple prepared for a memorial service commemorating McPherson's death, Kennedy received a phone call from Douglas, Arizona. Her daughter was alive. The distraught McPherson was resting in a Douglas hospital and related her story to officials.




After emerging from the Mexican desert, McPherson convalesces in a hospital with her family in Douglas, Arizona, 1926. District Attorney Asa Keyes stands to the far left with Mildred Kennedy (mother) next to Roberta Star Semple, middle left (daughter). On the far right, Deputy District Attorney Joseph Ryan is alongside her son, Rolf McPherson.


On the beach, May 19, 1926, McPherson said she had been approached by a young couple who wanted prayer for their sick child. McPherson went with them to their car and was suddenly shoved inside. A cloth, presumably laced with chloroform, was held against her face, causing her to pass out. Eventually, she was moved to an adobe shack far in the desert. Two kidnappers, Steve and Rose,[108] were her constant companions, with a third unnamed man, occasionally visiting. When at last, all her captors were away on errands, she escaped out a window.
Using a mountain as a landmark, she traveled through the desert for around 11–13 hours across an estimated distance of 20 miles (32 km). Around 1:00 am she reached Agua Prieta, Sonora, a Mexican border town, and collapsed near a house there. She was assisted by the residents and finally taken to adjacent Douglas.
Return to Los Angeles[edit]
After leaving Douglas, McPherson was greeted at the Los Angeles train station by 30,000–50,000 people, more than for almost any other personage.[109] The parade back to the temple even elicited a greater turnout than President Woodrow Wilson's visit to Los Angeles in 1919, attesting to her popularity and the growing influence of mass media entertainment.[110][111][112] Already incensed over McPherson's influential public stance on evolution and the Bible, most of the Chamber of Commerce and some other civic leaders, saw the event as gaudy display; nationally embarrassing to the city. Many Los Angeles area churches were also annoyed.
The story received nationwide coverage. Then, speculations, together with alleged witnesses, began to emerge that her disappearance might have been caused by other than the kidnapping event McPherson described. Against the wishes of her mother, who thought the press would continue to unfavorably exploit the story, McPherson decided for vindication and presented her complaint in court. A grand jury inquiry convened to determine if enough evidence could be found to indict any kidnappers. However, pressured by various influential community groups, the court instead intensely investigated McPherson, her family, and acquaintances to determine if the kidnapping was fabricated.[113][114] District Attorney Asa Keyes led the prosecution against her. He was known for winning convictions, but six persons he sent to prison were found to be innocent and pardoned by the state governor.[115]
Grand jury inquiry[edit]
The grand jury inquiries were first convened on July 8, 1926, adjourned and reconvened, holding sessions through the summer of 1926 accompanied by intense media interest. The proceedings were supposed to be secret as per California law, though the Los Angeles court spoke about it to the newspapers.[116] Issues of trial by media and court of public opinion were apparent, as much of the proclaimed evidence against McPherson came from reporters who featured it in their news articles and passed it on to the police. McPherson also eschewed secrecy and freely used her radio station to broadcast her side of the story. Evidence and testimonies were hotly debated by an evenly divided public. On November 3, the case was determined to be moved to jury trial set for mid-January, 1927. Along with McPherson and her mother, several other defendants were charged in the inquiry. If convicted, the counts added up to maximum prison time of 42 years.[117][118][119]
Various speculations were proffered by the news media and prosecution as to the reason for McPherson's disappearance. The one they settled on most strongly was she ran off with an ex-employee, Kenneth Ormiston. She was accused of staying with him in a California resort town cottage until May 29. The time frame of Ormiston's seaside cottage rental coincided with the first 10 days of her disappearance. However, a missing three-week period afterwards was not accounted for with any evidence in court by the prosecution. In response, the evangelist maintained all along, without changing anything in her story, that she was taken, held captive by the kidnappers, and escaped as she originally described.
As the prosecution tried to break down her story, defense witnesses corroborated her assertions [120][121][122][123] or McPherson herself demonstrated how the disputed parts were plausible[124] In contrast, the prosecution's case developed serious credibility issues. Witnesses changed their testimonies[125] and evidence often had suspicious origins[126] or was mishandled while in custody[127][128] Finally, on January 2, 1927, Ormiston identified Elizabeth Tovey, a nurse from Seattle, Washington, as his female companion and the woman who stayed with him at the seaside cottage.[129] All charges against McPherson and associated parties were dropped by the court for the lack of evidence on January 10, 1927.
After the case dismissal[edit]
Regardless of the court's decision, months of unfavorable press reports fixed in much of the public's mind a certainty of McPherson's wrongdoing. The newspapers had a vested interest in keeping the controversy going, since it generated huge sales. The bulk of the investigation against McPherson was funded by Los Angeles-area newspapers at an estimated amount of $500,000.[130][131]
Some supporters thought McPherson should have insisted on the jury trial and clear her name. The grand jury inquiry concluded while enough evidence did not exist to try her, it did not indicate her story was true with its implication of kidnappers still at large. Court costs to McPherson were estimated to be as high as $100,000.[132][133] A jury trial could take months. McPherson moved on to other projects. In 1927, she published a book about her version of the kidnapping: In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life.
Various influential individuals offered their opinions on the inquiry. In a letter to the Los Angeles Times, a few months after the case was dropped, the Reverend Robert P. Shuler stated, "Perhaps the most serious thing about this whole situation is the seeming loyalty of thousands to this leader in the face of her evident and positively proven guilt."[134]
H.L. Mencken, noted journalist, satirist, cultural critic, and scholar and an ideological opponent of McPherson, opposite each other in the 1925 Scopes "Monkey" trial, also commented. He wrote that since many of that town's residents acquired their ideas "of the true, the good and the beautiful" from the movies and newspapers, "Los Angeles will remember the testimony against her long after it forgets the testimony that cleared her."[135]
Claims of extramarital affairs[edit]
During her lifetime[edit]
Numerous allegations of illicit love affairs[136] were often directed against McPherson. Suspected lovers generally denied involvement.[137] For example, Kenneth Ormiston, a married man with a small son,[138] could have profited immensely from an exposé about himself and McPherson.[139] Whether the two had a good working relationship and were friendly with each other was not disputed. During the 1926 kidnapping grand jury trial, reporters and investigators tried to link him amorously to McPherson.[140][141] Ormiston told newspapers his name connected in such a way to the evangelist "was a gross insult to a noble and sincere woman."[142][143]




McPherson was often the target of numerous unsubstantiated sexually related allegations. As reported by the Los Angeles Times, June 4, 1936, this photograph depicts the evangelist reading a note demanding $10,000, else nude motion pictures of her and a friend would be publicly released. When inquired about it in an unrelated interview later that year, she tersely stated nude pictures of her did not exist because none were ever taken.[144]


Alarmed by her rapidly changing style of dress and involvement with Hollywood and its "worldly" lifestyle, in 1929, an Angelus Temple official[145] hired detectives to shadow McPherson. Through her windows, the detectives frequently saw McPherson staying up until the early morning hours composing songs, drafting sacred operas, and scribbling diagrams of her illustrated sermons.[146] They were looking for evidence of her indiscretions, but found nothing. No confirmation of adulterous misconduct,[137] with perhaps exception of her third marriage as a violation of Church tenets, was ever presented. McPherson herself, aware of numerous accusations leveled at her throughout her career, responded only to a small fraction of them, conveying the only thing she had time for was "preaching Jesus".[147]
Posthumously[edit]
Posthumously, unsubstantiated allegations of extramarital affairs continued to emerge, this time by those who stated to have been her partner, claims not mentioned by them or others while she was still alive. Canadian journalist Gordon Sinclair implied such a claim in his 1966 autobiography, Will the Real Gordon Sinclair Please Stand Up. Sinclair stated he worked on a story with McPherson and during one of those times in 1934, the incident purportedly occurred. Sinclair alluded to a sexual dalliance with McPherson one afternoon along with some gin and ginger.[148]
Thirty years after her death, another claim by comedian Milton Berle, in a 1974 autobiography, alleges a brief affair with the evangelist. In his book, titled Milton Berle: An Autobiography, Berle asserts he met McPherson at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles where both were doing a charity show. Biographer Matthew Avery Sutton commented, "Berle, a notorious womanizer whose many tales of scandalous affairs were not always true, claimed to have had sex with McPherson on this and one other occasion", both during a year when McPherson was often ill and bedridden. Sutton noted that Berle's story of a crucifix[149] in McPherson's bedroom was not consistent with the coolness of Pentecostal-Catholic relations during that era.[150] Another book by Milton Berle, Laughingly Yours, which had autobiographical content that was published in 1939 while McPherson was still alive, did not have this claim.[151]
Author Raymond L. Cox states: "Mrs. McPherson's daughter, Roberta Salter of New York, told me, 'Mother never had an apartment in her life.' By 1931, she kept herself securely chaperoned to guard against such allegations." During 1930, the evangelist's appearances and whereabouts can be traced almost every day. She was incapacitated with illness a full five months of that year, and there is no place on her schedule as reported in her publications and church and travel records for the benefit Berle alleged. Besides, Roberta also told Cox, "Mother never did a benefit in her life. She had her own charities".[152]
Later life and career[edit]




McPherson surrounded by flowers, cutting into Angelus Temple cake, 1927. Not one for settling into a predictable routine, she used her birthday, national holidays and other events as themes for church services and gala festivities.


After fallout with press[edit]
Following her heyday in the 1920s, McPherson carried on with her ministry, but fell out of favor with the press. They once dubbed her the "miracle worker"[153] or "miracle woman", reporting extensively on her faith-healing demonstrations, but now were anxious to relay every disturbance in her household to the headlines. Her developing difficulties with her mother, Mildred Kennedy, were starting to take the front page. Yet, McPherson emerged from the kidnapping nationally famous. As much as 10% of the population in Los Angeles held membership in her Temple.[154] For a time, movie studios competed with each other offering McPherson long-term contracts.
Believing that talking pictures had the potential to transform Christianity, McPherson explored Hollywood culture and appeared in newsreels alongside other famous individuals such as Mary Pickford, Frances Perkins, and Franklin D. Roosevelt. She lost weight, cut and dyed her hair, began to wear makeup and jewelry, and became stylish and well-attired. A critic wrote McPherson "can out-dress the Hollywood stars". The solicitation of fame, justified to draw audiences to her and hence to Christ, was more than some in her church organization could accept. They yearned for Sister Aimee "in the old time dress," referring to her previous "trademarked" uniform of a navy cape over a white servant's dress, both purchased inexpensively in bargain basements.[155] Other members, though, loved it, and her Angelus Temple services were as popular as ever and remained so throughout her life. Unless parishioners arrived to a service early, frequently they could not get in; all seats were taken. Now that she could afford it, McPherson thought, as well, she wanted her apparel and display to be the best she could present to Jesus.[154][156]
In early 1927, McPherson immediately set out on a "vindication tour", visiting various cities and taking advantage of the publicity her kidnapping story created to preach the Gospel.[157] Her visit to New York in fox-furs and a finely trimmed yellow suit was noted in the society pages. She visited even nightclubs, to include a famous speakeasy in New York: Texas Guinan’s Three Hundred Club on 54th Street. While McPherson sipped water at her table, Guinan asked if she would speak a few words to the patrons. Delighted, McPherson stood and addressed the jazzed and boozy crowd:

"Behind all these beautiful clothes, behind these good times, in the midst of your lovely buildings and shops and pleasures, there is another life. There is something on the other side. “What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?” With all your getting and playing and good times, do not forget you have a Lord. Take Him into your hearts."

The unexpected speech that did not judge, and had a conciliatory tone between them and the Divine, earned a thoughtful moment of silence from the crowd, then an applause that went on for much longer than the speech took. The revelers were invited to hear her preach at the Glad Tidings Tabernacle on 33rd Street. The visits to speakeasies and nightclubs added to McPherson's notoriety; newspapers reported heavily on them, rumors erroneously conveyed she was drinking, smoking and dancing; and her mother along with some other church members, did not understand McPherson's strategy of tearing down barriers between the secular and religious world, between the sinner and the saved.[158]
Problems with Mildred Kennedy[edit]




Without Mildred Kennedy's conservative financial management, replacement administrators embarked on a spread of ambitious projects that often failed. An example of this was Lake Tahoe lot deals of which the cover of an alleged prospectus describes. Not enough parcels of land were purchased and the subsequent lawsuit brought by investors drew unfavorable publicity and the attention of the district attorney's office.


In the summer of 1927, Mildred Kennedy, McPherson's mother, left the Angelus Temple. In an attempt to curtail her daughter's influence and officially transfer more power to herself, Kennedy initiated a staff-member "vote of confidence" against McPherson, but lost. The two had heatedly argued over management polices and McPherson's changing personal dress and appearance.[159] For similar reasons, 300 members of the choir left, as well. The choir could be replaced;[160] however, Kennedy's financial and administrative skills had been of crucial importance in growing McPherson's ministry from tent revivals to satellite churches and maintaining its current activities in the Temple. A series of less able management staff replaced Kennedy, and the Temple became involved in various questionable projects such as hotel building, cemetery plots, and land sales. Accordingly, the Angelus Temple plummeted deep into debt. In response to the difficulties, Kennedy came back in late 1929, but because of continued serious disagreements with McPherson, tendered her resignation on July 29, 1930.[161] The following month, McPherson suffered a physical and nervous breakdown. For 10 months, she was absent from the pulpit, diagnosed, in part, with acute acidosis.[162]
Resurrecting her career[edit]
When she gained strength and returned, she introduced with renewed vigor her moving "Attar of Roses" sermon, based on the Song of Solomon, with its Rose of Sharon as the mystical Body of Christ. While journalists attending her Sunday illustrated sermons assumed her language was fit only for slapstick or sentimental entertainment, scholars who have studied her work for Bible students and small prayer groups, found instead the complex discourse of neoplatonic interpretation. The Old Testament book, the Song of Solomon, for example, she had hundreds of pages written about it, each "different from one another as snowflakes".[163]
The October 10–18, 1931, revival in Boston started out sluggishly and many predicted its failure. A Los Angeles newspaper ran headlines of the flop and expected more of the same in the days to come. On opening night, McPherson spoke to fewer than 5,000 persons in the 22,000-seat sports arena, and safety pins and rubber bands abundantly cluttered the collection baskets. The city had large populations of Unitarians, Episcopalians, and Catholics, venerable denominations traditionally hostile to a Pentecostal or fundamentalist message. Afterwards, from her hotel room, McPherson, known to be a sports fan, asked for the afternoon's World Series scores and a Boston Herald reporter sent her a copy of the Sunday edition. The next day, the "Bring Back the Bible to Boston" campaign's tone shifted as McPherson took greater control and attendance climbed sharply.[164][165]
A reporter took note of McPherson's stage presence, different from any other evangelist who spoke there, gesturing with her white Bible for effect, as well as preaching. Answering him as to why she presented a dramatic sermon, she stated, "Our God is a dramatic God,... rolling back the Red Sea,... Elijah on the mountaintop,... the crucifixion, the resurrection, His ascension,... tongues of fire on the day of Pentecost." The final day of afternoon and evening services had 40,000 persons attending, the stadium was full, and more than 5,000 had to be turned away. A total of 160,000 people attended the meetings, breaking historic attendance records of any nine days of revival services in Boston.[165]
Her revival in New York City was not very fruitful, as her sensationalistic reputation preceded her. The third marriage to David Hutton, rumored romances, and her kidnapping was what its press and citizens wanted to hear about. Therefore, after a brief pause in New York and Washington, DC, she went on Philadelphia and other cities, traveling to 46 of them in 21 states, speaking to as much as 2% of the entire population of the United States. A full crew of musicians, scene designers, and costumers accompanied McPherson. In this, her last national revival tour, between September 1933 and December 20, 1934, two million persons heard 336 sermons. Many more were reached by 45 radio stations.[166]
The Boston Evening Traveler newspaper reported:

"Aimee's religion is a religion of joy. There is happiness in it. Her voice is easy to listen to. She does not appeal to the brain and try to hammer religion into the heads of her audience. Rather, she appeals to the hearts of her hearers. She radiates friendliness. She creates an atmosphere that is warming. She is persuasive, rather than forceful; gracious and kindly, rather than compelling. Fundamentally she takes the whole Bible literally, from cover to cover."[165]

Nevertheless, she was not a radical literalist. In an informal meeting with some Harvard students, McPherson told them that Genesis allowed great latitude of interpretation, and that neither she nor the Bible insisted the world was created only 6,000 years ago.[167] In another meeting with students, she heard their assertion the teachings of Christ have outlived their usefulness; education, science and cold reasoning were the new saviors of the world. Thus compelled, McPherson decided to travel and look at the world with new eyes.[168] In 1935, McPherson embarked on a worldwide six-month discovery tour to examine the social, religious, and economic climates of many countries. At one point, it was earlier reported she wanted to study the women's movement in connection with the campaign for the independence of India, and was anxious to have "a chat with Mahatma Gandhi".[4] She received an invitation from him and he gave her a sari made from threads woven from his simple spinning wheel. Impressed with Gandhi and his ideas, McPherson thought he might secretly lean towards Christianity, his dedication possibly coming from catching "a glimpse of the cleansing, lifting, strengthening power of the Nazarene".[169]
Other highlights included traversing barefoot, in Myanmar, the lengthy stone path to the Great Pagoda, a gold-covered 325-ft tiered tower enshrining relics of four Buddhas, which caught and reflected the rays of the sun, a "vision of breath-taking glory."[170] She heard Benito Mussolini speak in Italy, and fretted war would again ensue. In the rain, at Verdun, France, she sat on a wrecked military vehicle in mournful contemplation of the hundreds of thousands who died on the still-uncleared battlefield. White, bleached bones of the fallen poked out of the earth, and nearby, laborers toiled carefully at their dangerous iron harvest, collecting old munitions for disposal.
In mid-1936, a delegation who had been involved with the 1906 Azusa Street Mission Revivals, including Emma Cotton, asked if they could use the Angelus Temple for their 30th Anniversary Celebration. The original mission building was demolished and its land unavailable. African American Evangelist Emma Cotton and McPherson therefore organized a series of meetings which also marked her enthusiastic reidentification with the Pentecostal movement. McPherson's experiments of Hollywood celebrity ambitions coexisting with her ministry were not as successful as she hoped. Alliances with other church groups were failing or no longer in effect, and she searched for ways to start again. Therefore, she looked to her spiritual origins and allowed for the possibility of reintroducing even the more alarming aspects of the Pentecostal experience into her public meetings. Temple officials were concerned the Azusa people might bring in some "wildfire and Holy Rollerism". McPherson indicated she would turn hand springs with them as needed to see the power of God manifest.
The Azusa Street Revival commemoration events brought numbers of black leaders to her pulpit. The original attendees of the Azusa revivals filled the Angelus Temple along with every ethnic minority, "the saints who were once smelted together with the fires of Pentecost" were "being reunited, rewelded, and rejuvenated." McPherson recommitted herself to the dissemination of "classic Pentecostalism", and her concern now was that Foursquaredom was in the danger of becoming too "churchy". For the first time since the Temple opened, McPherson began to publicly deliver some of her messages in tongues. McPherson traversed the line between cold formality and wildfire and now decided it was easier to cool down a hot fanatic than to resuscitate a corpse. Future meetings to celebrate the Azusa Street Revivals included guest Charles H. Mason, a founder of the Churches of God in Christ. Mason, an Azusa leader, was also one of the most significant African American religious figures in United States history and was frequently hosted at the Angelus Temple.[171]




Roberta Star Semple, (left) McPherson's daughter; Aimee Semple-McPherson (middle); and Rheba Crawford Splivalo, assistant pastor,(right) at a parade in 1935


Problems with the Temple[edit]
Also in 1936, McPherson reassigned staff responsibilities in an effort to address the Temple's financial difficulties. This, together with other unresolved issues, accelerated simmering tensions among various staff members. Rumors circulated that "Angel of Broadway", charismatic evangelist Rheba Crawford Splivalo, who had been working extensively with McPherson for several years, planned to take the Angelus Temple from her. McPherson asked Splivalo to "leave town".[164] In the course of the staff controversy, McPherson's lawyer issued a strongly worded press release that upset Roberta Star Semple, McPherson's daughter, and led her to initiate a $150,000[172] lawsuit against him for slander. Splivalo also sued McPherson for $1,080,000[173] because of alleged statements calling her a ‘Jezebel and a Judas’ and "unfit to stand in the Angelus Temple pulpit".[174][175]
The two lawsuits filed by Semple and Splivalo were not related, but McPherson did not see it that way. She saw both as part of the Temple takeover plot. McPherson's mother was also involved and sided with Semple, her granddaughter, making unflattering statements about McPherson to the press. In these charged circumstances, McPherson's defense of herself and her lawyer in a public trial was dramatic and theatrical. She testified tearfully with swoons and faints about how her daughter conspired with others against her.[176] Her daughter's lawyer, meanwhile, mocked McPherson by imitating her mannerisms and making faces at her.[177] The trial did much to estrange McPherson from her daughter. The judge ruled for Semple, giving a $2,000[178] judgment in her favor. Semple then moved to New York. Splivalo and the Temple settled their suit out of court for the "cause of religion and the good of the community."[179]
With Kennedy, Semple, and Splivalo gone, the Temple lost much of its talented leadership. However, McPherson found a competent and firm administrator in Giles Knight, who was able to bring the Temple out of debt, dispose of the 40 or so lawsuits, and eliminate the more spurious projects. He sequestered McPherson, allowed her to receive only a few personal visitors, and carefully regulated her activities outside the Temple. This period was one of unprecedented creativity for McPherson. No longer distracted by waves of reporters, reams of lawsuits, and innumerable individuals demanding her attention, she became very accomplished in her illustrative sermon style of Gospel preaching. The irreligious Charlie Chaplin would secretly attend her services, enjoying her sermons. She later met and consulted with Chaplin on ways to improve her presentations. McPherson, who earlier blared across newspaper headlines as many as three times a week, in one alleged scandal or another, had her public image much improved. Her adversary, Reverend Robert P. Shuler, who previously attacked her by radio, magazine, pulpit, and pamphlet, proclaimed "Aimee's missionary work was the envy of Methodists".[180] He also expressed his support of her Foursquare Church application admittance into National Association of Evangelicals for United Action in 1943.[9]
Her efforts at making interracial revival a reality at Angelus Temple continued. She welcomed blacks into the congregation and pulpit. While race riots burned Detroit in 1943, McPherson publicly converted the notorious black former heavyweight champion Jack Johnson on the Temple stage and embraced him “as he raised his hand in worship”.[181][182]
War years[edit]
Views on war[edit]
Pacifism, which was a component of Pentecostalism, was evaluated by the Foursquare Gospel Church in the 1930s with official statements and documents which were further revised by McPherson. A press quote attributed to McPherson, in reference to Mahatma Gandhi, appears to explore the concept, "I want to incorporate the ideals of India with my own...."[4] Additionally, Clinton Howard, the chairman of the World Peace Commission, was invited to speak at the Angelus Temple. In 1932, she promoted disarmament, "If the nations of the world would stop building warships and equipping armies[,] we would be all but overwhelmed with prosperity."[183]
Foursquare leaders, alarmed at rapid changes of technology, especially sea and air, which challenged the United States' isolation and security, decided to officially draw up an amendment inclusive of varied opinions in regards to military service. The idea that one could trust to bear arms in a righteous cause, as well as believing the killing of others, even in connection to military service, would endanger their souls; both views were acceptable.[184]
Reaction to war[edit]
McPherson kept a canny eye on the international events leading up to the Second World War, citing the probability of a much more terrible conflict than the one that passed 20 years earlier. In a sermon, she described a recently conquered country which had the Cross and other religious symbols in their schools removed; in their place was a portrait of a certain man. Instead of prayer, their school day began with a distinctive salute to this person. The destructive apocalypse of John the Apostle, with its expected high civilian casualties, followed by the Second Coming of Christ, it seemed, was at hand. Even if submarines were hiding in the depths of the sea, they could not escape the terror that would befall them.[185]




Congregation at Angelus Temple during 14-hour Holy Ghost service led by Aimee Semple McPherson, Los Angeles, Calif., 1942


All-night prayer meetings were held Friday nights at the Angelus Temple, starting in 1940, the year when Germany was overrunning Belgium, the Netherlands, and France. She asked other Foursquare churches around the country to follow suit. She sent President Franklin Roosevelt's secretary, Mr. Stephen Early, as well as some other leaders, an outline of her plans. Prayer, to her, was even more powerful than the implements of war. Various officials expressed their appreciation, including the governor of California.[186] Early passed on a reply back from Roosevelt: a message of thanks for her work. A month later, Roosevelt declared a National Day of Prayer to "beseech the Ruler of the Universe to bless our Republic." Foursquare leaders thought McPherson may have inspired it, and perhaps the President of the United States was looking to her for spiritual leadership of the nation.[187]
At the outbreak of World War II, McPherson rejected the Christian pacifism of many in the Pentecostal movement, including those of her own church. Her mind was set on doing what ever it took to assist the United States in winning the war, "It is the Bible against Mein Kampf. It is the Cross against the Swastika. It is God against the antichrist of Japan,... This is no time for pacifism."[188] The Angelus Temple itself became a visible symbol of home front sacrifice for the war effort. If necessary, it was announced, the building could be used for an air raid shelter. The distinctive white dome was painted over with black paint and its beautiful stained-glass windows were covered up. The Temple, like other buildings in the city, had to have any opening or window that could emit visible light at night, covered. One evening in May 1942, to advertise the need to conserve gasoline and rubber, McPherson herself drove a horse and buggy to the Angelus Temple.[186]
Rubber and other drives were organized, and unlimited airtime on her radio station, KFSG, was given to the Office of War Information. She asked parishioners and other listeners to donate two hours a day for such tasks as rolling bandages "so that a soldier's bandage could be changed.... And let us give our blood to help every one." Money was raised to provide local military bases with comfortable furnishings and radios. Newsweek published an article about McPherson, "The World's Greatest Living Minister", on July 19, 1943, noting she had collected 2,800 pints of blood for the Red Cross; servicemen in her audience are especially honored, and the climax of her church services is when she reads the National Anthem.[189]
McPherson gave visiting servicemen autographed Bibles. She observed they often had no religious affiliation and did not even own a Bible. She wrote:

"What a privilege it was to invite the servicemen present in every Sunday night meeting to come to the platform, where I greeted them, gave each one a New Testament, and knelt in prayer with them for their spiritual needs, and God’s guidance and protection on their lives. Later, when the altar call would be given, many of these same servicemen would make another trip to the platform publicly to receive Jesus Christ as their personal savior."[186]

She insulted Adolf Hitler and Hideki Tōjō, and became involved in war bond rallies. Pershing Square's Victory House in Los Angeles never saw a bigger crowd. McPherson sold $150,000[190][191][192][193] worth of bonds in one hour on June 20, 1942, breaking all previous records, then repeated the performance again on July 4, 1944.[194][195] The U.S. Treasury awarded her a special citation. The Army made McPherson an honorary colonel.
Her wartime activities included sermons that linked the church and American patriotism.[196] McPherson spoke to the men in uniform of her belief that military action against the Axis powers was long overdue. And more so than in almost any war previously, she felt that if they did not prevail, churches, homes, and everything precious and dear to the Christian would absolutely be destroyed.[197]
McPherson's embrace of the total war strategy of the United States left her open to some criticism. The line between the church as an independent moral authority monitoring government became blurred, perceived instead, as complicit with that same governance. Wrongs being done to Japanese Americans through their internment in relocation camps were being overlooked, for example. And she refused to allow her denomination to support Christians who remained committed pacifists. Even if conscientious objectors were willing to participate in noncombat roles, more was needed. Church members and leaders had to be willing to take up arms and fight for the United States. The pacifist clause which earlier existed was, by her proposal, voted upon and eliminated by Foursquare Gospel Church leaders.[197]
Death[edit]




McPherson's grave


On September 26, 1944, McPherson went to Oakland, California, for a series of revivals, planning to preach her popular "Story of My Life" sermon. When McPherson's son went to her hotel room at 10:00 the next morning, he found her unconscious with pills and a half-empty bottle of capsules nearby. She was dead by 11:15. It was later discovered she previously called her doctor that morning to complain about feeling ill from the medicine, but he was in surgery and could not be disturbed. She then phoned another doctor who referred her to yet another physician. However, McPherson apparently lost consciousness before the third could be contacted.[198][199]
The autopsy did not conclusively determine the cause of McPherson's death. She had been taking sleeping pills following numerous health problems – including "tropical fever". Among the pills found in the hotel room was the barbiturate Seconal, a strong sedative which had not been prescribed for her. It was unknown how she obtained them.
The coroner said she most likely died of an accidental overdose compounded by kidney failure. The cause of death is officially listed as unknown.[200] Given the circumstances, there was speculation about suicide, but most sources generally agree the overdose was accidental, as stated in the coroner's report.[201]
Forty-five thousand people waited in long lines, some until 2 am, to file past the evangelist, where, for three days, her body lay in state at the Angelus Temple. Within a mile-and-a-half (800 m) radius of the church, police had to double park cars. It later took 11 trucks to transport the $50,000[202] worth of flowers to the cemetery which itself received more telegrammed floral orders than at any time since Will Rogers' death almost 10 years earlier. A Foursquare leader noted that to watch the long line pass reverently by her casket, and see tears shed by all types of people, regardless of class and color, helped give understanding to the far-reaching influence of her life and ministry.[203]
An observer, Marcus Bach, who was on a spiritual odyssey of personal discovery, wrote:

"Roberta, who had married an orchestra director, flew in from New York. Ma Kennedy was at the grave, Rheba Crawford Splivalo had returned to say that there was never a greater worker for God than Sister. A thousand ministers of the Foursquare Gospel paid their tearful tribute. The curious stood by impressed. The poor who had always been fed at Angelus were there, the lost who had been spirit-filled, the healed, the faithful here they were eager to immortalize the Ontario farm girl who loved the Lord. Here they laid the body of Sister Aimee to rest in the marble sarcophagus guarded by two great angels on Sunrise slope. "[204]

Millions of dollars passed through McPherson's hands. However, when her personal estate was calculated, it amounted to $10,000.[205] To her daughter, Roberta, went $2000[206] the remainder to her son Rolf. By contrast, her mother Mildred Kennedy had a 1927 severance settlement of as much as $200,000[207] in cash and property; the Foursquare Church itself was worth $2.8 million[208][209]
McPherson is buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California. Following her death, the Foursquare Gospel church denomination was led for 44 years by her son Rolf McPherson. The church claims a membership of over 7.9 million worldwide.[210]
Legacy and influence[edit]
Ministry[edit]
McPherson's ministry continued to flourish even in the face of scandal. The newspapers which served to propel McPherson to fame and advertise her message, also were used to highlight her faults, real and imagined. Some modern televangelists who transgressed and faded into obscurity because of high-profile news coverage, also learned how quickly modern communication media could hurt as well as help them. After her death, the largely negative aspect of her media image persisted, was cultivated[211] and became the dominant factor in defining McPherson for many in the public today.[212]
Reverend Robert P. Shuler, whose caustic view of McPherson softened over the years, wrote he could not figure out why God chose such a person. The flaws he observed in McPherson, were by his opinion, many, yet she ultimately made a positive impact on Christianity, long lasting and enduring . He recognized her appeal was a combination of identifying with the average citizen as well as an ability to explain the gospel in simple, easily understandable terms, drawing them irresistibly to her services:

...while great cathedral churches closed their doors on Sunday night, the crowds pushed through her portals in one ever-flowing stream.

He saw her legacy extend far beyond the glamor of Hollywood, exerting itself through the thousands of ministers she trained and churches planted throughout the world. McPherson, together with the alliances she made, worked to reshape the evangelical Christian faith, making it relevant to American culture and personally involving for those in the audience.[213]
Legacy[edit]




Uldine Utley, c. 1924


In Fresno, California, 1921, nine-year-old Uldine Utley (1912–1995) became a fervent believer. After hearing McPherson's dramatic retelling of the David and Goliath story, the young girl tearfully gave her life over to Christ, and dedicated herself to be "a little David for the Lord and fight Goliath." With her parents as managers, she went on to preach to millions of people and converted many thousands. (The most notable of these was John Sung, who would become a major evangelical figure in China.[214][215][216]) Utley frequently used the same metaphors as McPherson, referring to Christ as "the Rose of Sharon" and invoking "Bride of Christ" imagery.[217][218][219]
During the Great Depression years, as a child, Dr. Edwin Louis Cole's mother attended LIFE Bible College and as he grew up, Cole participated in various Angelus Temple activities "witnessing the miraculous."[220] Cole went on to found the Christian Men's Network and influenced many, including Bill McCartney (founder of Promise Keepers), Pat Robertson, John Maxwell (president of Injoy Ministries), Kenneth Copeland, Oliver North, and Chuck Norris.[221]
According biographer Matthew Avery Sutton, in the early 1900s, it was expected traditional Protestantism would give way to rapidly developing new philosophical ideas and sciences that were being widely taught. McPherson contributed immensely to the forestalling of that predicted inevitability. Liberal Christianity, which enjoyed strong growth starting in the late 19th century, regarded many of the miracles of Jesus to be superstitious interpretations of what actually occurred or metaphors for his teachings. McPherson's faith-healing demonstrations instead gave credence to onlookers her claim was true: Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. This Bible verse of Hebrews 13:8; as biographer Daniel Mark Epstein noted as per McPherson, meant Jesus still had power and could heal as in ancient times, and the verse become the motto of her Foursquare Gospel Church. Sutton wrote conveying; it was easy for many people to deny a God who did something 1,900 years ago, but large crowds of people were now witness to the blind seeing, the lame walking, and the deaf hearing. Healings at her services, according to Epstein from period news sources, were occurring faster than the journalists could write them down. Crowds clamored to reach her altar to experience a New Testament conversion that transformed many of their lives. Even large portions of the secular public admired her. The old time Gospel message was being dramatically marketed by the most technologically advanced means possible, reconstructing it into something far more interesting and desirable than it was previously.[222][223]
McPherson's ecumenical approach assisted Pentecostals in learning how better to explain their faith in the context of historic church doctrine. Mainline churches became exposed to the more unusual gifts of the Holy Spirit. They also benefited by borrowing Pentecostal revival techniques[9] such as more emotive expression, joyful praise worship, and testimonials, forerunning the Charismatic Movement.
McPherson challenged what was expected from women. Females as preachers and her status as a divorcee with two failed marriages were of particular concern to many of the fundamentalist churches with which she wanted to work, but her success could not be easily ignored. Meanwhile, secular society broadly labeled women as either Victorian ladies or whores,[224] and she bounced from one category to the other. She had her extensive relief charities and along with it, titillating scandals. Atheist Charles Lee Smith remarked publicly of McPherson, just before a debate, that she had an extraordinary mind, "particularly for a woman".[225]
Her continual work at church alliance-building finally bore fruit in an official way, though she did not live to see it. Foursquare Gospel Church leaders were at last able to join the National Association of Evangelicals in 1952 and from there helped organize the Pentecostal World Fellowship,[226] which exists to the present day. Pentecostalism which once advocated separatism and was on the fringes of Protestantism, became part of mainstream Christianity.[227]
Works about McPherson[edit]
Books, periodicals, films, and plays[edit]

The character Sharon Falconer in Sinclair Lewis' Elmer Gantry (1926) was based on McPherson.[228]
The faith-healing evangelist Big Sister in Nathanael West's The Day of the Locust was based on McPherson.
Upton Sinclair was fascinated with her history and immediately after her disappearance from Venice Beach wrote a poem called "An Evangelist Drowns," From correspondence with H.L. Mencken, though Sinclair agreed that the core of the grand jury inquiry against McPherson was actually a political persecution, he abbreviated the complex drama to one of hypocrisy and sexuality.[229] He wrote her into his 1927 novel, Oil!.her in the character of Eli Watkins, a corrupt small-town minister. That character is called Eli Sunday in the 2007 film There Will Be Blood.[230]
The character of the American evangelist Mrs. Melrose Ape in Evelyn Waugh's satirical novel Vile Bodies (1930) is thought to be based on McPherson.
The musical AIMEE!, written by Patrick Young and music by Bob Ashley, played at the Charlottetown Festival, in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island in the summer of 1981.[231]
Vanity Fair published a satirical cutout paper doll based on her.[232]
Aimee Semple McPherson appeared in The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930), one in a series of popular documentaries released by Tiffany Studios.[233]
Frank Capra's film The Miracle Woman (1931), starring Barbara Stanwyck, was based on John Meehan's play Bless You, Sister which was reportedly inspired by McPherson's life.
The character of the "sensuous sermonizer" Reno Sweeney in Cole Porter's musical Anything Goes (1934) is thought to be based on McPherson.
Agnes Moorehead's role as Sister Alma in the 1971 thriller film What's the Matter with Helen? was modeled after McPherson.
A television film about the events surrounding her 1926 disappearance, The Disappearance of Aimee (1976) starred Faye Dunaway as McPherson and Bette Davis as her mother.





"Sister Aimee," the first feature dramatic film on the life of Aimee Semple McPherson, screens in Hollywood in April, 2008. Pictured are the period piece film's writer-director Richard Rossi, and his wife Sherrie in 1920's attire.


A film adaptation of the story of her life, entitled Aimee Semple McPherson (2006) was directed by Richard Rossi. The same director filmed a short film Saving Sister Aimee in 2001. (The film was retitled "Sister Aimee: The Aimee Semple McPherson Story" and released on DVD April 22, 2008.) A group of Evangelicals offered to invest $2 million in the film, but with conditions that the movie did not depict McPherson's divorce or drug overdose and that the actor playing the lead be a Pentecostal Christian. Rossi turned them down. "By saying no to conditions that religious people put on me, I feel I'm actually of more service to God and people because I make an honest film," he said.[234] Rossi later penned the prize-winning play "Sister Aimee", honored with a cash award in the 2009 Bottletree One-Act Competition, an international playwriting contest. In 2013, both of Rossi's films on Sister Aimee were released in one collection with new material under the new title, "Richard Rossi 5th Anniversary of Sister Aimee." [235][236]
A documentary about McPherson, entitled Sister Aimee, made for the PBS series American Experience, premiered April 2, 2007.[156]
Several biographies have been written about McPherson.[230]
In the alternate history novel Back in the USSA, she appears as the Secretary of Manpower Resources under President Al Capone.
Escape from Hell (novel) by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle (Tor, 2009), features "Sister Aimee" in Hell after her death, in a supporting role as a guide and saint who is teaching the damned about Dante's route out of Hell.
Scandalous is a musical about the life and ministry of McPherson with the book and lyrics written by Kathie Lee Gifford and music written by composer David Friedman and David Pomeranz; the musical ran in 2011 at the 5th Avenue Theatre in Seattle, and had 29 performances in 2012 at the Neil Simon Theater on Broadway, with McPherson portrayed by Carolee Carmello.
"An Evangelist Drowns" (2007) a one-woman play based on McPherson's life. Includes fictionalized accounts of relationships with Charlie Chaplin and David Hutton.
"Aimee Semple Mcpherson and the Resurrection of Christian America" (2007) A biography by Matthew Avery Sutton that chronicles McPherson's life in context to her influence on culture, politics and religion in America.
"La disparition de Soeur Aimee" (2011) in Crimes et Procès Sensationnels à Los Angeles, book by Nausica Zaballos, pp. 103–140, Paris, E-Dite, (ISBN 978-2-8460-8310-2)
The song "Hooray for Hollywood" lyrics by Johnny Mercer, from the film Hollywood Hotel mentions McPherson. "Where anyone at all from Shirley Temple to Aimee Semple is equally understood."[237][238]
"Aimee: The Gospel Gold Digger", 1932, Rev John D Goben, an Assistant Pastor at Angelus Temple
A production of the musical Saving Aimee, with a book and lyrics by Kathie Lee Gifford and music by David Pomeranz and David Friedman, debuted at the White Plains Performing Arts Center in October 2005 and was staged at the Signature Theatre in Arlington, Virginia, in April and May 2007.[239][240][241]
A play entitled The Wide Open Ocean, a musical vaudeville, was performed at The Actors' Gang theater in Los Angeles. It was written and directed by playwright, director, actor, and educator Laural Meade.[242]
Spit Shine Glisten, (2013) loosely based on the life of McPherson, was performed at California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California.[243][244]
The musical, Vanishing Point, written by Rob Hartmann, Liv Cummins, & Scott Keys, intertwines the lives of evangelist McPherson, aviator Amelia Earhart, and mystery writer Agatha Christie. It is featured as part of the 2010–2011 season at the Carnegie Mellon School of Drama in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In 2007, a one-woman play titled An Evangelist Drowns, written by Gregory J. Thompson is partly based on the life of McPherson, but it explores a fictionalized portrayal of her recalling lost loves, regrets, and remorse in the final hours before her death in 1944.

Publications[edit]

Declaration of Faith, The International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (1920)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1921). The Second Coming of Christ: Is He Coming? How is He Coming? When is He Coming? For Whom is He Coming?. A. McPherson. OCLC 8122641. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1923) [1919]. This is That: Personal Experiences, Sermons and Writings of Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelist. The Bridal Call Publishing House. OCLC 1053806. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1927). In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life. Boni and Liveright. OCLC 513458. 
Perfection, Can a Christian be Perfect?, Echo Park Evangelistic Association (1930)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1936). Give Me My Own God. H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc. OCLC 1910039. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1951). The Story of My Life: In Memoriam, Echo Park Evangelistic Association, Los Angeles. OCLC 1596212. 

See also[edit]

Elmer Gantry
Elmer Gantry (film)
Kobus Van Rensburg
Scandalous: The Life and Trials of Aimee Semple McPherson (2012 Broadway musical)



Biography portal
Christianity portal


References[edit]


^ Obituary Variety, October 4, 1944.
^ http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-30148022
^ a b Williams, George Hunston; Petersen, Rodney Lawrence; Pater, Calvin Augustine (1999), The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, p. 308 .
^ a b c "Aimée Mcpherson in Singapore" (newspaper article). NL. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ Epstein, Daniel Mark, Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson (Orlando: Harcourt Brace & Co., 1993), p. 111.
"The healings present a monstrous obstacle to scientific historiography. If events transpired as newspapers, letters, and testimonials say they did, then Aimée Semple McPherson's healing ministry was miraculous... The documentation is overwhelming: very sick people came to Sister Aimee by the tens of thousands, blind, deaf, paralyzed. Many were healed some temporarily, some forever. She would point to heaven, to Christ the Great Healer and take no credit for the results."
^ "The Incredible Disappearing Evangelist". Smithsonian. Retrieved 2014-05-03. 
^ "RD10Q: Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelical Maverick". Religion Dispatches. 2008-09-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c d e ""Between the refrigerator and the wildfire": Aimee Semple McPherson, pentecostalism, and the fundamentalist-modernist controversy". The free library. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), page 9
^ Sutton, p. 9
^ Sutton, pp. 9–10
^ Epstein, pp. 28–29
^ a b c d Sutton, p. 10
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), pp.79- 81
^ Sutton, p. 58
^ Epstein, pp. 72–73
^ Epstein, pp. 74–76
^ Epstein, pp. 91, 95, 128
^ Sutton, p. 172
^ Epstein, pp. 374–375
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: in 1932, after having to continuously answer questions about McPherson's marriage to Hutton, 33 Foursquare ministers thought this was too much of a distraction and seceded from the Temple and formed their own Pentecostal denomination, the Open Bible Evangelistic Association.
^ Epstein, p. 434
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: Homer Rodeheaver, former singing master for evangelist Billy Sunday, was refused; even when it was suggested she married the wrong man and to try again to have a loving marriage, she responded negatively and redoubled her evangelistic efforts, forsaking personal fulfillment in relationships. McPherson knew Rodeheaver from working with him at the Angeleus Temple and he introduced her to David Hutton. In the case of Rodeheaver, however, biographer Sutton, according to Roberta Star Semple, stated McPherson liked him but not the way he kissed.
^ Aimee May Marry Homer Rodeheaver (North Tonawanda, NY Evening News June 21, 1935)
^ Epstein, p. 172
^ Encyclopedia of Women and Religion in North America, Keller, Rosemary Skinner; Ruether, Rosemary Radford (Indiana University Press, 2006) p. 406-407
^ http://search.proquest.com/docview/1655208322
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), p. 147
^ Epstein, pp. 170–172
^ Epstein, p. 151
^ Epstein, p. 153
^ "Aimee McPherson". Aimee McPherson. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c Blumhofer, p. 246
^ Blumhofer, p. 244
^ More than $65,000 in 2012 dollars.
^ over $320 in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 245
^ More than $3.2 million in 2012 dollars.
^ over US $130 in 2012.
^ Thomas, Lately Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson (Morrow, New York, 1970) p. 32.
^ Bridal Call (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale Blvd, Los Angeles.) October 1929, p. 27
^ Sutton, p. 335
^ Blumhofer, p. 210
^ Epstein, p. 249
^ Sutton, pp. 186–191
^ Blumhofer, p. 269
^ Sutton, pp. 189, 315. Note: author states over 400 dead
^ Blumhofer, p. 348. Note: author indicates 1934 but probably a typo
^ Epstein, p. 369
^ about US $28,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 370
^ Sutton, p. 316
^ a b Sutton, p. 317
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson (1890 - 1944) - Find A Grave Flowers". Findagrave.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Blumhofer, p. 346
^ Blumhofer, p. 348
^ Sutton, p. 194
^ Epstein, pp. 375–376
^ Sutton, pp. 191–192
^ Sutton, p. 195
^ Anthony Quinn, The Original Sin: A Self-Portrait, Little, Brown and Company: Boston (1972), pp. 122–132
^ a b Sutton, p. 72
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 59
^ "Lessons I Learned From Sister Aimee | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 74
^ Epstein, p.252
^ "Inflation Calculator". DollarTimes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ $1 of 1920's to 1930's dollars would be worth around US $11–13 in 2013. See subsequent cites for inflation calculator links.
^ "CPI Inflation Calculator". Data.bls.gov. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.davemanuel.com/inflation-calculator.php>
^ Saunders, Nathan. “Spectacular Evangelist: Aimee Semple McPherson in the Fox Newsreel.” The Moving Image: The Journal of the Association of Moving Image Archivists 14, no. 1 (April 1, 2014): 71–90. doi:10.5749/movingimage.14.1.0071.
^ Epstein, pp. 79–80
^ a b Epstein, p. 156
^ Mavity, Nancy Barr "Sister Aimee;" (Doubleday, Doran,, Incorporated, 1931) p. 47-48
^ Epstein 1993, pp. 107–111
^ Epstein, p. 57
^ Epstein, p. 185
^ Epstein, p. 111
^ Blumhofer, p. 183
^ Von Lackum, Karl C. “Vinton Boasts Only Broadcasting Station in U.S. Owned By Woman”, Waterloo Evening Courier, Iowa, October 14, 1922, p. 7. Note: The first woman to receive a broadcasting license was Mrs. Marie Zimmerman of Vinton, Iowa, in August 1922.
^ Blumhofer, pp. 275–277
^ Updike, John (30 April 2007). "Famous Aimee: The life of Aimee Semple McPherson". The New Yorker. 
^ Epstein, p. 275
^ Epstein, p. 264
^ Schuler, Robert P. McPhersonism: a study of healing cults and modern day tongues movements, January, 1924, p. 3
^ Ben M. Bogard, Bogard-McPherson debate : McPhersonism, Holy Rollerism, miracles, Pentecostalism, divine healing : a debate with both sides presented fully, (Little Rock, Arkansas: Ben M. Bogard, 1934)
^ "Biography of Charles S. Price". Healingandrevival.com. 1947-03-08. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.earstohear.net/Price/testimony.html Note: Divine Healing was a contentious theological area of McPherson's ministry, but she was not alone. Other pastors already had a ministry with alleged successful healings such as James Moore Hickson (1868–1933), an Episcopalian of international renown. Another pastor, Dr. Charles S Price (1887–1947), went to a series of McPherson revival meetings in San Jose, California, to expose the fraud. Instead, he himself was converted and preached McPherson's version of Christianity to his congregation. Reports of purported faith healings began to take place. Price went on to preach as a traveling evangelist who converted tens of thousands along with many instances of miraculous divine healings allegedly occurring.
^ Epstein, pp. 185, 240
^ "Spiritual gifts" given by the Holy Spirit, of which the most well known is speaking in "tongues" the spontaneously speaking in a language unknown to the speaker;, also known as glossolalia. Other gifts include translating the said "tongues."
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2001/sep/30/local/me-51701
^ Los Angeles Times (The Adventures of a Would-Be Raider of the Lost Ark), September 30, 2001.
^ Ralph G. Giordano, Satan in the Dance Hall: Rev. John Roach Straton, Social Dancing, and Morality in 1920's New York City (Scarecrow Press, Oct 23, 2008), p. 167
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University (Truman State University Press, 1999), p. 308
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. London: Harvard University Press, 2007.
^ Sutton, p. 52. Note: Sutton was uncertain if McPherson actually stated the quote as reported by The New Yorker, but she did convey evolution influenced moral-relativist philosophers and believed "survival of the fittest" thinking would have a detrimental effect on society.
^ Sutton, pp. 37, 52
^ Sutton, p. 37
^ Sutton, p. 214
^ Sutton, p. 219
^ Sutton, p. 221
^ Sutton, p. 223
^ "Democratizing the Religious Experience". Xroads.virginia.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ ""Sister Aimee" to Air on PBS | Foursquare News | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, pp. 165, 395
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, ( R.L. Cox and Heritage Committee, California, 1983), pp. 41–42
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life (Boni and Liveright, New York, 1927), p.16. NOTE: Note: Though McPherson, period newspapers and most biographers referred to the woman as "Rose," she later became known in some books and articles as "Mexicali Rose."
^ Melton, J. Gordon The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena, (Visible Ink Press, 2007) p. 218
^ Sutton, p. 103
^ "President Wilson visits L.A. - Framework - Photos and Video - Visual Storytelling from the Los Angeles Times". Framework.latimes.com. 2011-06-20. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Melton, J. Gordon. (2007). The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena. Visible Ink Press. p. 218
^ Epstein, p. 301
^ Sutton, pp. 120–122
^ The San Bernardino County Sun Saturday 25 September 1926, page 1.
^ "Isadora Duncan, Aime Semple McPherson - H. L. Mencken". Ralphmag.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 133–134
^ Epstein, p. 312
^ The People vs.Aimee Semple McPherson, et al., Case CR 29181, 10 January 1927; Superior Court of Los Angeles County, County records and Archives
^ Modesto Bee And News-Herald 20 October 1926, p.1
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist pp. 285-286, 291
^ Cox, pp. 85, 209–211
^ Cox, pp. 71–72
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist, p. 278
^ Epstein, pp. 312-313
^ Cox, pp. 150-151, 152,166.
^ Lately, Thomas The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair (Viking Press, 1959) p. 26
^ Cox, pp. 17–18.
^ The Coshocton Tribune; Coshocton, Ohio January 3, 1927· Page 8
^ about US $6.4 million in 2013
^ Epstein, p. 289
^ about $1,300,000 in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 308
^ Shuler, p. 188. Note: Los Angeles Times, June 1927
^ H.L. Mencken, "Two Enterprising Ladies," American Mercury, v. 13, no. 52 (April 1928) 506-508; quote on 508.
^ Epstein, p. 386
^ a b Sutton, p. 175
^ Epstein, pp. 264, 287
^ Cox, p. 234. Note: Kenneth Ormiston did eventually sell his story to the press, identifying his companion as Elizabeth Tovey.
^ Epstein, pp. 289, 307
^ Sutton, p.135
^ Thomas Vanishing p. 31
^ Cox, pp. 37–38.
^ "McPherson Charged for Slander - U373542ACME - Rights Managed - Stock Photo - Corbis". Corbisimages.com. 1936-12-12. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "John Goben • Webjournals". Webjournals.ac.edu.au. Retrieved 2013-11-15. , Blumhofer, p. 311, Note: Reverend John D. Goben was a successful Midwestern evangelist when he joined the Angeles Temple in 1927. A revival campaign in 1930 by Goben led to the establishment the Stone Church in Toronto, Canada. Goben served as treasurer to the International Foursquare Gospel Lighthouses, an association of satellite churches he helped manage. Because of a dispute with McPherson and her legal counsel, over property ownership by the churches, he was ousted as treasurer. His mounting discontent along with encouragement of some of the Church board members, in part, precipitated his expensive private investigation of McPherson. One evening at a board meeting, Goben, hoping to elicit a confession in lieu of evidence he could not obtain, confronted McPherson with his surveillance. But McPherson, so shocked by what he did, fainted. The board members turned against Goben and he was fired. His bitter departure resulted in his publication of a pamphlet entitled Aimee, the Gospel Gold-Digger. Aimed at Temple supporters, he detailed alleged financial irregularities. A brief grand jury investigation was started, but come to nothing.
^ Epstein, pp. 334, 337
^ "A Lasting Legacy | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 175, 312
^ Cox, p. 241. Note: McPherson was frequently photographed with the image of the Christian Cross, which differs from the crucifix, with its hanging figure of Jesus and its common association with Catholicism. Cox states anecdotally some persons adversarial to McPherson, who heard the Berle story wanted to believe it was true, "but that bit about the crucifix" convinced them otherwise.
^ Sutton, p. 174
^ Cox, p. 241
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, 1983, p. 241
^ Blumhofer, p. 205
^ a b Roberts Liardon, God's Generals: Vol. 7, DVD 2005
^ Sutton, pp. 153–160
^ a b "American Experience . Sister Aimee". PBS. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ She also traveled to England, Scotland and Wales for five weeks of revival services. Press reports, depending upon the sources, described her audiences as either lacking enthusiasm or multitudes filling the altars anxiously awaiting a return visit. "Poor Aimee". Time. October 22, 1928. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Those of the nobility and gentry and middle classes who reflected upon the matter appeared to feel that the Holy Bible still offers a sufficient choice of Gospels. But of course the London mob, the lower classes, rushed to attend the evangelistic First Night of Aimee Semple McPherson 
^ Epstein, pp. 318–320
^ Epstein, p. 325
^ Blumhofer, pp. 308, 317. Note: A month later most of the choir members returned. Their leader, Gladwyn Nichols later returned as well, after publicly apologizing to McPherson.
^ Epstein, p. 341
^ Epstein, p. 343
^ Epstein, p. 356
^ a b Epstein, p. 368
^ a b c "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : The Greatest Nine Days". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, p. 388
^ "Today in History: 15 October 1931: Aimee Semple McPherson Uninvited to Speak at Harvard". Skepticism.org. 1931-10-15. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, Give me my Own God, H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc., 1936
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), p. 233
^ McPherson, Give me my Own God, pp. 88–89
^ "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : Was Aimee Semple McPherson Pentecostal?". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US $2.3 million in 2012
^ US $17 million in 2012
^ Thomas, Storming, pp. 282-284, 297 NOTE: Splivalo did earn a loyal following of disciples at the Angelus Temple, one in particular who was in contentious strife with McPherson. Splivalo gathered a list of purported damaging statements together with the witnesses, places, and times they were allegedly made by McPherson. However, the vocabulary of accused slanderous remarks, as stated in the lawsuit, were inconsistent with McPherson's known public sermons, writings, and statements.
^ Herald-Journal – May 11, 1937
^ United Press, April 15, 1937.
^ Epstein, pp. 413–414
^ US $31,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 416
^ Epstein, p. 427
^ Updike, John. "Famous Aimee". The New Yorker. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America — Matthew Avery Sutton | Harvard University Press". Hup.harvard.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 256
^ Sutton, pp. 256–257
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, Zero Hour Sermon, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ a b c "World War II and Angelus Temple | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 258
^ Aimee Semple McPherson, "Foursquaredom and Uncle Sam," Foursquare Crusader, 14 (February 1942) p. 24
^ Sutton, pp. 264, 333
^ Note: A P47 Thunderbolt fighter was then priced about $85,000, P51 Mustang $50,000, M4 Sherman tank $50,000, B17 Flying Fortress $240,00
^ "Product Prices". Panzerworld.net. 2013-10-22. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Sherman tank - improved M4 models with 76mm gun, protection". Ww2total.com. 1945-04-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US 2 million dollars in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 373
^ Sutton, p. 264
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America, London: Harvard University Press, 2007
^ a b Sutton, p. 263
^ Epstein, p. 438
^ Robinson, Judith Working Miracles The Drama and Passion of Aimee Semple McPherson (James Lorimer & Company Ltd., Publishers, Toronto, 2008) p.104-105
^ Note: In the 1993 obituary for her daughter-in-law, McPherson's life and death are mentioned. "Lorna McPherson, 82, Of the Angelus Temple.". New York Times. June 18, 1993. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Aimee Semple McPherson founded Angelus Temple in the early 1920s, when her brand of fundamentalist Christianity, stressing the "born-again" experience, divine healing and evangelism, was popular in the United States. She died on September 27, 1944, of shock and respiratory failure attributed to an overdose of sleeping pills. 
^ "Sister Aimee's' Death Is Ruled An Accident". United Press International in The Washington Post. October 14, 1944. Retrieved 2008-02-22. Aimee Semple McPherson, famous evangelist who occupied the headlines almost as often as the pulpit, died of shock and respiratory failure "from an accidental over-dosage" of sleeping capsules, a coroner's jury decided today. 
^ $630,000 in 2012 dollars
^ Sutton, p. 270
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 74
^ about $130,000 in 2013
^ about $26,000 in 2013 dollars
^ about $2.5 million in 2013 dollars
^ about US$36 million in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 440
^ http://www.foursquare.org
^ Cox, p. 3. Note: as one example Cox lists, a reporter for The Los Angeles Times, Dial Torgerson, May 18, 1969; writes in his Aimee's Disappearance Remains a Mystery, story, that HC Benedict, owner of the Carmel cottage, was expected to be a witness against McPherson, but died apparently of heart trouble before he could testify. Cox notes that HC Benedict did indeed testify, but on her behalf, denying vehemently the woman with Ormiston was McPherson. HC Benedict died on November 20, 1926, some weeks after all testimony had been concluded.
^ Sutton, p. 278
^ Sutton, p. 275
^ Timothy Tow. "John Sung and the Asian Awakening". Articles.ochristian.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Awake and Go! Global Prayer Network - John Sung". Towel.mysitehosted.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "The Real Conversion Of Dr. John Sung". Rlhymersjr.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, 1999, p. 308
^ Blumhofer, pp.182
^ Lian, Xi, Redeemed by Fire: The Rise of Popular Christianity in Modern China, Yale University Press, 2010 p. 140
^ "Dr. Edwin Louis Cole". Christianmensnetwork.com. 1981-04-24. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Who is more powerful than the president?". Mobile.wnd.com. 2012-06-10. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 277–280
^ Epstein, pp. 108, 229–231
^ Sutton, p. 150
^ There is a God: Debate between Aimee Semple McPherson, Fundamentalist and Charles Lee Smith, Atheist (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale BLVD Los Angeles. CA), 1934
^ Sutton, pp. 275–276
^ Sutton, p. 280
^ Lingeman, p. 283.
^ Sutton, p. 145
^ a b Caleb Crain (2007-06-29). "Notebook: Aimee Semple McPherson". Steamboats Are Ruining Everything. Archived from the original on 17 December 2007. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ "AIMEE!". Canadian Musicals. Retrieved 20 April 2017. 
^ "Vanity Fair's Cutout Dolls – no. 2". Vanity Fair. Archived from the original on 7 February 2008. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930) on IMDb
^ Horwitch, Lauren (February 7, 2006). "Actor Chad Allen's lead role in a $30 million". Backstage. Backstage, LLC. Retrieved January 27, 2016. 
^ "Sister Aimee by Richard Rossi". Bottletreeinc.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Gilbert, Brian (November 5, 2012). "Hallelujah! How Faith Healer Aimee Semple McPherson Inspired the Rip-Roaring New Musical Scandalous". Broadway Buzz. Broadway.com. Retrieved January 9, 2016. 
^ Gottlieb, Robert; Kimball, Robert; Reading Lyrics (Random House LLC, 2000) p. 438
^ Osborne, Jerry; Mr Music column; Lakeland Ledger - Dec 20, 2001 p. 21
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/evitas-lacey-to-join-carmello-for-saving-aimee-musical-complete-cast-announ-128141/print
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/musical-premiere-of-saving-aimee-part-of-dc-signatures-ambitious-new-season-131494
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/carolee-carmello-to-reprise-performance-in-saving-aimee-at-5th-avenue-theat-181239
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2000/may/25/entertainment/ca-33709/2
^ http://theater.calarts.edu/resources/cotsen-center
^ Susan Simpson



Richard R. Lingeman, Sinclair Lewis: Rebel from Main Street, Minnesota Historical Society Press, June 2005, ISBN 978-0-87351-541-2.

Further reading[edit]

Bahr, Robert (April 1979). Least of All Saints: the Story of Aimee Semple McPherson. Prentice-Hall. ISBN 978-0-13-527978-6. OCLC 4493103. 
Blumhofer, Edith L. (1993). Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing. ISBN 978-0-8028-0155-5. OCLC 29184439. 
Cox, Raymond L. (1983). The Verdict is In. R.L. Cox. OCLC 11315268. 
Epstein, Daniel Mark (1 July 1994). Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-15-600093-2. OCLC 26300194. 
Morris, James; Morris, Jan (1973). The Preachers. St. Martin's Press. ISBN 0-900997-41-9. OCLC 704687. 
Sutton, Matthew Avery (31 May 2009). Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. Harvard University Press). ISBN 978-0-674-03253-8. OCLC 77504335. 
Thomas, Lately (1959). The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair. Viking Press. OCLC 1575665. 
Thomas, Lately (1970). Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson. Morrow. OCLC 92194. 
Zaballos, Nausica (23 November 2011). "La disparition de Soeur Aimee". Crimes et procès sensationnels à Los Angeles 1922-1962: Au-delà du Dahlia noir. Paris: E-Dite. pp. 103–140. ISBN 978-2-84608-310-2. OCLC 779750888. 

External links[edit]





This article's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (November 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Works by or about Aimee Semple McPherson at Internet Archive
"Aimee McPherson" Old Time Radio
Foursquare Gospel church
Aimee Semple McPherson biography
Biography from Liberty Harbor Foursquare Gospel Church
Song about the McPherson kidnapping scandal, dating from when it was a current news story. Pete Seeger recorded this on the 1961 album Story Songs.
Woman Thou Art God: Female Empowerment, Spirituality & a biography on Aimee.
The Ballad of Aimee McPherson.
Aimee Semple McPherson on The California Museum's California Legacy Trails
Photo essay on Aimee Semple McPherson's Lake Elsinore Castle retreat
The theatricality of revivalism as exemplified in the artistry of Billy Sunday and Aimee Semple McPherson.
Did McPherson send a "Minions of Satan" message to Herbert Hoover, and another article by the same historian later concluding she did not send such a message.
Aimee Semple McPherson on IMDb
Scandal and Censure: A Reinvestigation of the Socio-Political Forces Surrounding the Disappearance of Aimee Semple McPherson




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 67270403
LCCN: n50007859
ISNI: 0000 0000 8147 5323
GND: 119191474
SUDOC: 084100087










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aimee_Semple_McPherson&oldid=790976823"					
Categories: 1890 births1944 deaths20th-century ChristiansAimee Semple McPhersonAmerican anti-communistsAmerican anti-fascistsAmerican evangelicalsAmerican evangelistsAmerican PentecostalsAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican temperance activistsBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)Canadian evangelicalsCanadian evangelistsCanadian PentecostalsCanadian people of Irish descentChristian creationistsChristian fundamentalistsDrug-related deaths in CaliforniaFaith healersHistory of Los AngelesMembers of the International Church of the Foursquare GospelPeople from Oxford County, OntarioReligious scandalsVaudeville performersActivists from CaliforniaHidden categories: Articles that may be too long from October 2013Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsWikipedia external links cleanup from November 2014Wikipedia spam cleanup from November 2014Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 09:24.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Aimee Semple McPherson - Wikipedia






















 






Aimee Semple McPherson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the 2006 film, see Aimee Semple McPherson (film).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (October 2013)




Aimee Semple McPherson



Sister Aimee, early 1920s



Born
Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy
(1890-10-09)October 9, 1890
Salford, Ontario, Canada


Died
September 27, 1944(1944-09-27) (aged 53)
Oakland, California


Cause of death
Accidental overdose


Resting place
Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery (Glendale)


Known for
Founding the Foursquare Church


Spouse(s)
Robert Semple (1908–10; his death)
Harold McPherson (1912–21; divorced)
David Hutton (1931–34; divorced)


Children
Roberta Semple (b. 1910)
Rolf McPherson (b. 1913)


Parent(s)
James Morgan Kennedy
Mildred Ona Pearce


Aimee Semple McPherson (Aimée, in the original French; October 9, 1890 – September 27, 1944), also known as Sister Aimee or simply Sister, was a Canadian-American Pentecostal evangelist and media celebrity in the 1920s and 1930s,[1] famous for founding the Foursquare Church. McPherson has been noted as a pioneer in the use of modern media, because she used radio to draw on the growing appeal of popular entertainment in North America and incorporated other forms into her weekly sermons at Angelus Temple, one of the first megachurches.[2]
In her time she was the most publicized Christian evangelist, surpassing Billy Sunday and her other predecessors.[3][4] She conducted public faith healing demonstrations before large crowds; testimonies conveyed tens of thousands of people healed.[5][6] McPherson's articulation of the United States as a nation founded and sustained by divine inspiration continues to be echoed by many pastors in churches today.
News coverage sensationalized her misfortunes with family and church members; particularly inflaming accusations she had fabricated her reported kidnapping, turning it into a national spectacle.[7] McPherson's preaching style, extensive charity work and ecumenical contributions were a major influence to Charismatic Christianity in the 20th century.[8][9]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life
1.2 Conversion
1.3 Marriage and family
1.4 Early career
1.5 Career in Los Angeles
1.6 Charitable work


2 Ministry

2.1 Style of ministry
2.2 Faith Healing Ministry
2.3 The "Foursquare Church"


3 Life in the media spotlight

3.1 Media relations
3.2 Politics


4 Reported kidnapping

4.1 Disappearance from Venice Beach
4.2 Return to Los Angeles
4.3 Grand jury inquiry
4.4 After the case dismissal


5 Claims of extramarital affairs

5.1 During her lifetime
5.2 Posthumously


6 Later life and career

6.1 After fallout with press
6.2 Problems with Mildred Kennedy
6.3 Resurrecting her career
6.4 Problems with the Temple


7 War years

7.1 Views on war
7.2 Reaction to war


8 Death
9 Legacy and influence

9.1 Ministry
9.2 Legacy


10 Works about McPherson

10.1 Books, periodicals, films, and plays


11 Publications
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]
McPherson was born Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy on a farm in Salford, Ontario, Canada.[10] She had early exposure to religion through her mother, Mildred (known as "Minnie") who worked with the poor in Salvation Army soup kitchens.
As a child she would play "Salvation Army" with her classmates, and at home she would gather a congregation with her dolls, giving them a sermon.[11] As a teenager, McPherson strayed from her mother's teachings by reading novels and going to movies and dances, activities which were strongly disapproved of by both the Salvation Army and the religion of her father, James Kennedy, a Methodist. Novels, though, made their way into the Methodist Church library and with guilty delight, McPherson would read them. At the movies, she recognized some of her fellow Methodist church members. She learned too, at a local dance she attended, that her dancing partner was a Presbyterian minister. In high school, she was taught Charles Darwin's Theory of Evolution.[12][13] She began to quiz visiting preachers and local pastors about faith and science, but was unhappy with the answers she received.[14] She wrote to the Canadian newspaper, Family Herald and Weekly Star, questioning why taxpayer-funded public schools had courses, such as evolution, which undermined Christianity.[14] This was her first exposure to fame, as people nationwide responded to her letter.[14] While still in high school, after her Pentecostal conversion, McPherson began a crusade against the concept of evolution, beginning a lifelong passion.
Conversion[edit]


Robert and Aimee Semple (1910)


While attending a revival meeting in December 1907, Aimee met Robert James Semple, a Pentecostal missionary from Ireland. There, her faith crisis ended as she decided to dedicate her life to God and made the conversion to Pentecostalism as she witnessed the Holy Spirit moving powerfully.[14]
Marriage and family[edit]
At that same revival meeting, Aimee became enraptured not only by the message that Robert Semple gave, but also with Robert himself. She decided to dedicate her life to both God and Robert, and after a short courtship, they were married on August 12, 1908, in a Salvation Army ceremony, pledging never to allow their marriage to lessen their devotion to God, affection for comrades, or faithfulness in the Army. The pair's notion of "Army" was very broad, encompassing much more than just the Salvation Army. Robert supported them as a foundry worker and preached at the local Pentecostal mission. Together, they studied the Bible, Aimee claiming Robert taught her all she knew; though other observers state she was far more knowledgeable than she let on. After a few months they moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. Durham earlier had visited the mission where the Azusa Street Revival was taking place, returned and applied its teachings. Under Durham's tutelage, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence.[15]




Aimee Semple and her second husband Harold McPherson. For a time Harold traveled with his wife Aimee in the "Gospel Car"as an itinerant preacher himself; helping her to set up tents for revival meetings.


After embarking on an evangelistic tour to China, both contracted malaria. Robert also contracted dysentery, of which he died in Hong Kong. Aimee recovered and gave birth to their daughter, Roberta Star Semple, as a 19-year-old widow. On board a ship returning to the United States, Aimee Semple started a Sunday school class, then held other services, as well, oftentimes mentioning her late husband in her sermons; almost all passengers attended.
Shortly after her recuperation in the United States, Semple joined her mother Minnie working with the Salvation Army. While in New York City, she met Harold Stewart McPherson, an accountant. They were married on May 5, 1912, moved to Providence, Rhode Island and had a son, Rolf Potter Kennedy McPherson, in March 1913.
During this time, McPherson felt as though she denied her "calling" to go preach. After struggling with emotional distress and obsessive–compulsive disorder, she would fall to weep and pray.[16][17] She felt the call to preach tug at her even more strongly after the birth of Rolf. Then in, 1914, she fell seriously ill, and McPherson states she again heard the persistent voice, asking her to go preach while in the holding room after a failed operation. McPherson accepted the voice's challenge, and she suddenly opened her eyes and was able to turn over in bed without pain. One spring morning in 1915, her husband returned home from the night shift to discover McPherson had left him and taken the children. A few weeks later, a note was received inviting him to join her in evangelistic work.[18]




Aimee Semple McPherson and her third husband, David L. Hutton, enjoying their honeymoon breakfast. To avoid news publicity, they chartered a plane to Yuma, Arizona; and were married in a small ceremony. Hutton assisted in some of McPherson's charity work before their divorce in 1934.


Her husband later followed McPherson to take her back home. When he saw her, though, preaching to a crowd, he witnessed her transformation into a radiant, lovely woman. Before long, he became her fellow worker in Christ. Their house in Providence was sold and he joined her in setting up tents for revival meetings and even did some preaching himself.[19] Throughout their journey, food and accommodations were uncertain, as they lived out of the "Gospel Car". Her husband, in spite of initial enthusiasm, wanted a life that was more stable and predictable. Eventually, he returned to Rhode Island and around 1918 filed for separation. He petitioned for divorce, citing abandonment; the divorce was granted in 1921.
She married again on September 13, 1931 to actor and musician David Hutton, followed by much drama, after which she fainted and fractured her skull.[20] While McPherson was away in Europe to recover, she was angered to learn Hutton was billing himself as "Aimee's man" in his cabaret singing act and was frequently photographed with scantily clad women. Hutton's much-publicized personal scandals were damaging the Foursquare Gospel Church and their leader's credibility with other churches.[21] McPherson and Hutton separated in 1933 and divorced on March 1, 1934. McPherson later publicly repented of the marriage, as wrong from the beginning, for both theological[22] and personal reasons[23] and therefore rejected nationally known gospel singer Homer Rodeheaver, a more appropriate suitor, when he eventually asked for her hand in 1935.[24][25]
Early career[edit]
While married to Robert Semple, the two moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. There, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence the otherwise indecipherable utterances of glossolalia. Unable to find fulfillment as a housewife, in 1913, McPherson began evangelizing and holding tent revivals across the Sawdust Trail in the United States and Canada.
After her first successful visits, she had little difficulty with acceptance or attendance. Eager converts filled the pews of local churches which turned many recalcitrant ministers into her enthusiastic supporters. Frequently, she would start a revival meeting in a hall or church and then have to move to a larger building to accommodate the growing crowds. When no buildings were suitable, she set up a tent, which was often filled past capacity.
She wanted to create the enthusiasm a Pentecostal meeting could provide, with its "Amen Corner" and "Halleluiah Chorus", but also to avoid its unbridled chaos as participants started shouting, trembling on the floor, and speaking in tongues, all at once. McPherson organized her meetings with the general public in mind and yet did not wish to quench any who suddenly came into "the Spirit". To this, she set up a "tarry tent or room" away from the general area for any who suddenly started speaking in tongues or display any other Holy Ghost behavior by which the larger audience might be put off.[26]
In 1916, McPherson embarked on a tour of the Southern United States in her "Gospel Car", and again later, in 1918, with her mother, Mildred Kennedy. Mildred was an important addition to McPherson's ministry and managed everything, including the money, which gave them an unprecedented degree of financial security. Their vehicle was a 1912 Packard touring car emblazoned with religious slogans. Standing on the back seat of the convertible, McPherson preached sermons over a megaphone. On the road between sermons, she would sit in the back seat typing sermons and other religious materials. She first traveled up and down the eastern United States, then went to other parts of the country.
By 1917, she had started her own magazine, The Bridal Call, for which she wrote many articles about women’s roles in religion; she portrayed the link between Christians and Jesus as a marriage bond. Along with taking seriously the religious role of women, the magazine contributed to transforming Pentecostalism from a movement into an ongoing American religious presence. [27]
While McPherson was traveling for her evangelical work, she arrived in Baltimore, where she was first "discovered" by the newspapers in 1919, after a day of conducting evangelistic services at the Lyric Opera House.[28] Baltimore became one of the pivotal points for her early career.[29] The crowds, in their religious ecstasy, were barely kept under control as they gave way to manifestations of "the Spirit". Moreover, her alleged faith healings now became part of the public record, and attendees began to focus on that part of her ministry over all else. McPherson also considered the Baltimore Revival an important turning point, not only for her ministry, "but in the history of the outpouring of the Pentecostal power," [30]
Career in Los Angeles[edit]
In late 1918, McPherson came to Los Angeles, a move many at the time were making for better opportunities. Minnie Kennedy, her mother, rented the largest hall they could find, the 3,500-seat Philharmonic Auditorium (known then as Temple Auditorium). People waited for hours to get in, and McPherson could hardly reach the pulpit without stepping on someone.[31] Afterwards, grateful attendees of her Los Angeles meetings built a home for her family and her, which included everything from the cellar to a canary bird.[32] At this time, Los Angeles had become a popular vacation spot. Rather than touring the United States to preach her sermons, McPherson stayed in Los Angeles, drawing audiences from a population which had soared from 100,000 in 1900 to 575,000 people in 1920, and often included many visitors.[33]
Wearied by constant traveling and having nowhere to raise a family, McPherson had settled in Los Angeles, where she maintained both a home and a church. McPherson believed that by creating a church in Los Angeles, her audience would come to her from all over the country. This, she felt, would allow her to plant seeds of the Gospel and tourists would take it home to their communities, still reaching the masses. For several years, she continued to travel and raise money for the construction of a large, domed church building at 1100 Glendale Blvd. in the Echo Park area of Los Angeles. The church would be named Angelus Temple, reflecting the Roman Catholic tradition of the Angelus bell, calling the faithful to prayer, as well its reference to the angels.[34] Not wanting to take on debt, McPherson located a construction firm which would work with her as funds were raised "by faith".[35] She started with $5,000.[36] The firm indicated it would be enough to carve out a hole for the foundation.
McPherson began a campaign in earnest and was able to mobilize diverse groups of people to help fund and build the new church. Various fundraising methods were used, such as selling chairs for Temple seating at US $25[37] apiece. In exchange, "chair-holders" got a miniature chair and encouragement to pray daily for the person who would eventually sit in that chair. Her approach worked to generate enthusiastic giving and to create a sense of ownership and family among the contributors.[38]







Raising more money than she had hoped, McPherson altered the original plans, and built a "megachurch" that would draw many followers throughout the years. The endeavor cost contributors around $250,000[39] in actual money spent. However, this price was low for a structure of its size. Costs were kept down by donations of building materials and volunteer labor.[34] McPherson sometimes quipped when she first got to California, all she had was a car, ten dollars[40] and a tambourine.[34] Enrollment grew exceeding 10,000, and was advertised to be the largest single Christian congregation in the world[41] According to church records, Angelus Temple received 40 million visitors within the first seven years[42]
McPherson intended the Angelus Temple as both a place of worship and an ecumenical center for persons of all Christian faiths to meet and build alliances. A wide range of clergy and laypeople consisted of Methodists, Baptists, the Salvation Army, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Adventists, Quakers, Roman Catholics, Mormons, and even secular civic leaders, who came to the Angelus Temple. They were welcomed and many made their way to her podium as guest speakers.[9] Eventually, even Rev. Robert P. Shuler, a once-robust McPherson critic, was featured as a guest preacher.[43]
Because Pentecostalism was not popular in the United States during the 1920s, McPherson avoided the label. She practiced speaking-in-tongues and faith healing within her services, but kept the former to a minimum in sermons to appease mainstream audiences. Discarded medical fittings from persons faith-healed during her services, which included crutches, wheelchairs, and other paraphernalia; were gathered for display in a museum area. As evidence of her early influence by the Salvation Army, McPherson adopted a theme of "lighthouses" for the satellite churches, referring to the parent church as the "Salvation Navy". This was the beginning of McPherson working to plant Foursquare Gospel churches around the country.
Charitable work[edit]




McPherson (left) prepares Christmas food baskets (about 1935)


McPherson strove to develop a church organization which could not only provide for the spiritual, but also the physical needs of the distressed. Though she fervently believed and preached the imminent return of Jesus Christ,[44] she had no idea of how soon that Second Coming might be. Two thoughts pervaded the mind of most devout Pentecostals of the time, "Jesus is coming, therefore how can I get ready," and "how can I help others to get ready?"
For McPherson, part of the answer was to mobilize her Temple congregation and everyone she could reach through radio, telephone, and word of mouth to get involved in substantial amounts of charity and social work. "True Christianity is not only to be good but to do good," she preached. The Charities and Beneficiary Department collected donations for all types of humanitarian relief to include a Japanese disaster, as well as a German relief fund. Men released from prison were found jobs by a "brotherhood". A "sisterhood" was created, as well, sewing baby clothing for impoverished mothers.[45] Branch churches elsewhere in the country were likewise encouraged to follow the Angelus Temple's example. Even people who considered McPherson's theology almost ridiculous helped out because they saw her church as the best way to assist their community.[46]
In June 1925, after confirming reports of an earthquake in Santa Barbara, McPherson immediately left the parsonage and interrupted a broadcast at a nearby radio station. She took over the microphone from the startled singer and requested food, blankets, clothing, or whatever listeners could give for emergency supplies to assist nearby Santa Barbara. As the Red Cross met to discuss and organize aid, McPherson's second convoy had already arrived at the troubled city.[47] In 1928, after a dam failed and the ensuing flood left up to 600 dead in its wake, McPherson's church led the relief effort.[48] Later, in 1933, an earthquake struck and devastated Long Beach. McPherson quickly arranged for volunteers to be on the scene with blankets, coffee, and doughnuts.[49]




Men wait in line to enter Aimee Semple McPherson's Angelus Temple Free Dining Hall & Commissary, located at 2210 W. Temple Street. At the time she was married to David Hutton and all branding reflected his last name.


Drawing from her childhood experience with the Salvation Army, in 1927, McPherson opened a commissary at Angelus Temple which was devised to assist the needy on a much larger, formalized scale. The Commissary was virtually the only place in town a person could get food, clothing, and blankets with no questions asked. It was open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and became active in creating soup kitchens, free clinics, and other charitable activities as the Great Depression wore on. She fed an estimated 1.5 million people. When the government shut down the free school-lunch program, McPherson took it over. Her policy of giving first and investigating afterward allowed waste and a certain number of deadbeats to leech off the program, but it "alleviated suffering on an epic scale".[50]
McPherson got the fire and police departments to assist in distribution. Doctors, physicians, and dentists were persuaded to staff her free clinic that trained 500 nurses to help treat children and the elderly. She encouraged individuals and companies of all types to donate supplies, food, cash, or labor. To prevent the power from being turned off to homes of overdue accounts during the winter, a $2,000[51] cash reserve was set up with the utility company. Many people, who otherwise would have nothing to do with the Angelus Temple, would receive a call from McPherson, and then loot their mansion closets or company stores for something to give. The Yellow Cab Company donated a large building and, in the first month, 80,000 people received meals there.[52][53]
Laboring under a sign "Everybody and anybody is somebody to Jesus", volunteer workers filled commissary baskets with an assortment of food and other items, as well as Foursquare Gospel literature, and handed them out. Even a complete kit designed to care for newborn babies was available. A reporter wrote he had always thought the breadline was a "drab colorless scar on our civilization", but of the Angelus Temple commissary, he observed, was "the warm garment of sympathy and Christian succor."[54] A note, which reflects the sentiment of many of those who received assistance, was left in June, 2010 at McPherson's virtual gravesite:

"My grandpa always talked about when he was a kid, he and his family moved to California from Missouri, during the depression, and his family was starving and they met you and you gave them a bag of vegetables, and some money, he never forgot it." -Anonymous[55]

Establishing an employment bureau, as well, McPherson desired to help "the discouraged husband, the despondent widow, or the little mother who wants extra work to bear the burden of a sick husband".[56] She expected everyone in her temple to be involved, 'let us ever strive to lighten our brother's load and dry the tears of a sister; race, creed or status make no difference. We are all one in the eyes of the Lord." She encouraged members to think of the commissary as widening "the spirituality of the whole church".[57]




Line of unemployed men getting meals at dining hall run by Aimee Semple McPherson, 1932.


In 1932, the commissary was raided by police to allegedly locate a still used to make brandy out of donated apricots. Some sauerkraut and salad oil were purportedly observed leaking from their respective storage areas. As a consequence, the commissary was briefly shut down. The press got involved and the public demanded an investigation. Since no one really wanted to stall the temple's charity efforts, the acceptable solution was to replace the immediate management. The staff was let go and students from her Foursquare Gospel Church's LIFE Bible College filled in. The newspaper media, generally cynical of the Temple and in particular, of McPherson, recognized "the excellent features of that organization's efforts" and "the faults of the Angelus Temple are outweighed by its virtues".[58] McPherson issued a statement declaring, "They have clashed loud their cymbals and blown their trumpets about a still and some sauerkraut,... our work is still before us. If...anybody abused his trust, it must not happen again."[59]
As McPherson tried to avoid administrative delays in categorizing the "deserving" from the "undeserving", her temple commissary became known as one of the region's most effective and inclusive aid institutions. Few soup kitchens lasted more than several months, but McPherson's remained open.[54] Even as she transformed herself into a fashionable blonde Hollywood socialite, McPherson's vigor and practicality for social activism did not change; she loved organizing big projects.[60] A 1936 survey indicated the Angelus Temple assisted more family units than any other public or private institution in the city. Because her programs aided nonresidents, as well, such as migrants from other states and Mexico, she ran afoul of California state regulations. Though temple guidelines were later officially adjusted to accommodate those policies, helping families in need was a priority, regardless of their place of residence.[61]
Actor Anthony Quinn recalls:

"This was all during the height of the Depression, when hunger and poverty permeated America. Many Mexicans were terrified of appealing for county help because most of them were in the country illegally. When in distress, they were comforted by the fact that they could call one of Aimee's branches at any time of the night. There, they would never be asked any of the embarrassing questions posed by the authorities. The fact that they were hungry or in need of warm clothing was enough. No one even asked if they belonged to Aimee's church or not."[62]

Ministry[edit]
Style of ministry[edit]
In August 1925 and away from Los Angeles, McPherson decided to charter a plane so she would not miss giving her Sunday sermon. Aware of the opportunity for publicity, she arranged for at least 2000 followers and members of the press to be present at the airport. The plane failed after takeoff and the landing gear collapsed, sending the nose of the plane into the ground. McPherson boarded another plane and used the experience as the narrative of an illustrated Sunday sermon called "The Heavenly Airplane".[63] The stage in Angelus Temple was set up with two miniature planes and a skyline that looked like Los Angeles. In this sermon, McPherson described how the first plane had the devil for the pilot, sin for the engine, and temptation as the propeller. The other plane, however, was piloted by Jesus and would lead one to the Holy City (the skyline shown on stage). The temple was filled beyond capacity.




Angelus Temple completed in 1923, is the center of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel founded by McPherson. In 1992, Angelus Temple was designated a National Historic Landmark. It is still in active use.


On another occasion, she described being pulled over by a police officer, calling the sermon "Arrested for Speeding". Dressed in a traffic cop's uniform, she sat in the saddle of a police motorcycle, earlier placed on the stage, and revved the siren.[63] One author in attendance, insisted she actually drove the motorcycle, with its deafening roar, across the access ramp to the pulpit, slammed on the brakes, then raised a white-gloved hand to shout "Stop! You're speeding to Hell!"[64] Since McPherson gave some of her sermons more than once, and with variations, the possibility existed both versions might be true.
McPherson employed a small group of artists, electricians, decorators, and carpenters, who built the sets for each Sunday's service. Religious music was played by an orchestra. McPherson also worked on elaborate sacred operas. One production, The Iron Furnace, based on the book of Exodus, told of God’s deliverance as the Israelites fled slavery in Egypt. Some Hollywood movie stars even assisted with obtaining costumes from local studios. The cast was large, perhaps as many as 450 people, but so elaborate and expensive, it was presented only one time. Rehearsals for the various productions were time-consuming and McPherson "did not tolerate any nonsense." Though described as "always kind and loving", McPherson demanded respect regarding the divine message the sacred operas and her other works were designed to convey.[65]




Aimee Semple McPherson surrounded by massed choirs at Angelus Temple for a musical requiem in 1929.


Even though McPherson condemned theater and film as the devil's workshop, its secrets and effects were co-opted. She became the first woman evangelist to adopt the whole technique of the moving picture star.[66] McPherson desired to avoid the dreary church service where by obligation parishioners would go to fulfill some duty by being present in the pew. She wanted a sacred drama that would compete with the excitement of vaudeville and the movies. The message was serious, but the tone more along the lines of a humorous musical comedy. Animals were frequently incorporated and McPherson, the once farm girl, knew how to handle them. McPherson gave up to 22 sermons a week and the lavish Sunday night service attracted the largest crowds, extra trolleys and police were needed to help route the traffic through Echo Park to and from Angelus Temple.[67] To finance the Angelus Temple and its projects, collections were taken at every meeting, often with the admonishment, "no coins, please".[68][69][70][71]
McPherson preached a conservative gospel, but used progressive methods, taking advantage of radio, movies, and stage acts. Advocacy for women's rights was on the rise, including women's suffrage through the 19th Amendment. She attracted some women associated with modernism, but others were put off by the contrast between her different theories. By accepting and using such new media outlets, McPherson helped integrate them into people’s daily lives. Sister McPherson used the media to her advantage as she became the "first modern celebrity preacher."[72]




Minister Aimee Semple McPherson and a group of tambourine players leading a service at Angelus Temple. She was very innovative in producing weekly dramas illustrating religious themes.


The battle between fundamentalists and modernists escalated after World War I, with many modernists seeking less conservative religious faiths.[73] Fundamentalists generally believed their religious faith should influence every aspect of their lives. McPherson sought to eradicate modernism and secularism in homes, churches, schools, and communities. She developed a strong following in what McPherson termed "the Foursquare Gospel" by blending contemporary culture with religious teachings. McPherson was entirely capable of sustaining a protracted intellectual discourse as her Bible students and debate opponents will attest. But she believed in preaching the gospel with simplicity and power, so as to not confuse the message. Her distinct voice and visual descriptions created a crowd excitement "bordering on hysteria."[74]
The appeal of McPherson's 30 or so revival events from 1919 to 1922 surpassed any touring event of theater or politics ever presented in American history. "Neither Houdini nor Teddy Roosevelt had such an audience nor PT Barnum."[74] Her one- to four-week meetings typically overflowed any building she could find to hold them. She broke attendance records recently set by Billy Sunday[3] and frequently used his temporary tabernacle structures in which to hold some of her meetings. Her revivals were often standing-room only. One such revival was held in a boxing ring, with the meeting before and after the match. Throughout the boxing event, she walked about with a sign reading "knock out the Devil". In San Diego, California, the city called in the National Guard and other branches of the armed forces to control a revival crowd over 30,000 people. She became one of the most photographed persons of her time. She enjoyed the publicity and quotes on almost every subject were sought from her by journalists.
Faith Healing Ministry[edit]
Main article: Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson
McPherson's ability to draw crowds was also greatly assisted by her apparently successful faith healing presentations. Almost by accident she discovered when she laid hands on sick or injured persons, they got well. One early McPherson biographer, Nancy Barr Mavity described the healing power "beyond her conscience [sic] control" and "profoundly troubling" however a phenomenon familiar to the psychiatrist although "none the less [sic] mysterious." [75]
During a 1916 revival meeting in Corona, Long Island, New York, a young woman in the advanced stages of rheumatoid arthritis was brought to the altar by friends. McPherson would have preferred to pray with her privately. However, the woman insisted upon immediate prayer. McPherson laid hands on her and prayed. Before the gathered parishioners, the woman walked out of the church without crutches.[76] McPherson's reputation as a faith healer rapidly became known and the sick and injured people came to her by the tens of thousands.
The Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson was extensively written about in the news media and was a large part of her early career legacy.[77] No one has ever been credited by secular witnesses with anywhere near the numbers of faith healings attributed to McPherson, especially during the years 1919 to 1922.[78] Over time, though, she almost withdrew from the faith-healing aspect of her services, since it was overwhelming[79] other areas of her ministry. Scheduled weekly and monthly healing sessions nevertheless remained highly popular with the public until her death in 1944.
The "Foursquare Church"[edit]




Foursquare Church logo


Eventually, McPherson's church evolved into its own denomination and became known as the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (usually referenced as the "Foursquare Church"). Foursquare is an alternative word for Full Gospel (a term used by Pentecostals), referencing the nature of Christ's character: that he was Savior, baptizer with the Holy Spirit, healer, and soon-coming King. The four main beliefs were: the first being Christ's ability to transform individuals' lives through the act of salvation; the second focused on a holy baptism which includes receiving power to glorify and exalt Christ in a practical way; the third was divine healing, newness of life for both body and spirit; and the fourth was gospel-oriented heed to the premillennial return of Jesus Christ.
McPherson published the weekly Foursquare Crusader, along with her monthly magazine, Bridal Call. She began broadcasting on radio in the early 1920s. On a Sunday morning in April 1922, the Rockridge Radio Station in Oakland CA; offered her some radio time and she became the first woman to preach a sermon over the "wireless telephone."[80] With the opening of Foursquare Gospel-owned KFSG on February 6, 1924, she became the second woman granted a broadcast license by the Department of Commerce, the federal agency that supervised broadcasting in the early 1920s.[81]
McPherson racially integrated her tent meetings and church services. On one occasion, as a response to McPherson's ministry and Angelus Temple being integrated, Ku Klux Klan members were in attendance, but after the service, hoods and robes were found on the ground in nearby Echo Park.[82] She is also credited with helping many Hispanic ministries in Los Angeles.[83]
McPherson traveling about the country holding widely popular revival meetings and filling local churches with converts was one thing, settling permanently into their city caused concern among some local Los Angeles churches. Though she shared many of their fundamentalist beliefs, such as divine inspiration of the Bible, the classical Trinity, virgin birth of Jesus, historical reality of Christ's miracles, bodily resurrection of Christ, and the atoning purpose of his crucifixion; the presentation of lavish sermons, and an effective faith-healing ministry presented by a female divorcee whom thousands adored and about whom newspapers continuously wrote, was unexpected. Moreover, the Temple, especially the women, had a look and style uniquely theirs. They would emulate McPherson's style and dress, and a distinct Angelus Temple uniform came into existence, a white dress with a navy blue cape thrown over it.[84] Men were more discreet, wearing suits. Her voice, projected over the powerful state-of-the-art KFSG radio station and heard by hundreds of thousands, became the most recognized in the western United States.[85]




McPherson preaching at the newly built Angelus Temple in 1923: Her messages showcased the love of God, redemption, and the joys of service and heaven, contrasting sharply with the fire-and-brimstone style of sermon delivery popular with many of her peers.


Her illustrated sermons attracted criticism from some clergy members because they thought it turned the Gospel message into mundane theater and entertainment. Divine healing, as McPherson called it, was claimed by many pastors to be a unique dispensation granted only for Apostolic times. Rival radio evangelist Reverend Robert P. Shuler published a pamphlet entitled McPhersonism, which purported that her "most spectacular and advertised program was out of harmony with God's word."[86] Debates such as the Bogard-McPherson debate in 1934[87] drew further attention to the controversy, but none could really argue effectively against McPherson's results.[88][89][90]
The new developing Assemblies of God denomination, Pentecostal as McPherson was, for a time worked with her, but they encouraged separation from established Protestant faiths. McPherson resisted trends to isolate as a denomination and continued her task of coalition-building among evangelicals. McPherson worked hard to attain ecumenical vision of the faith, and while she participated in debates, avoided pitched rhetorical battles that divided so many in Christianity. She wanted to work with existing churches on projects and to share with them her visions and beliefs.
Assisting in her passion was the speedy establishment of LIFE Bible College adjacent to the Angeles Temple. Ministers trained there were originally intended to go nationally and worldwide to all denominations and share her newly defined "Foursquare Gospel." A well-known Methodist minister, Frank Thompson, who never had the Pentecostal experience,[91] was persuaded to run the college, and he taught the students the doctrine of John Wesley. McPherson and others, meanwhile, infused them with Pentecostal ideals. For about a year, Antonia Frederick Futterer, suggested by Los Angeles Times as the inspiration for Steven Spielberg's film character, Indiana Jones, was also a facility member.[92][93] McPherson's efforts eventually led Pentecostals, which were previously unconventional and on the periphery of Christianity, into the mainstream of American evangelicalism.[9]
Life in the media spotlight[edit]
Media relations[edit]
By early 1926, McPherson had become one of the most charismatic and influential women and ministers of her time. Her fame equaled, to name a few, Charles Lindbergh, Johnny Weissmuller, Jack Dempsey, Babe Ruth, Ty Cobb, Knute Rockne, Bobby Jones, Louise Brooks, and Rudolph Valentino.[94] She was a major American phenomenon, who along with some other high-profile preachers of the time, unlike Hollywood celebrities, could be admired by their adoring public, "without apparently compromising their souls."[95]
According to Carey McWilliams, she had become "more than just a household word: she was a folk hero and a civic institution; an honorary member of the fire and police departments; a patron saint of the service clubs; an official spokesman for the community on problems grave and frivolous."[96] She was influential in many social, educational and political areas. McPherson made personal crusades against anything that she felt threatened her Christian ideals, including the drinking of alcohol and teaching evolution in schools.
McPherson became a strong supporter of William Jennings Bryan during the 1925 Scopes trial, in which John Scopes was tried for illegally teaching evolution at a Dayton, Tennessee, school. Bryan and McPherson had worked together in the Angelus Temple and they believed Darwinism had undermined students' morality. According to The New Yorker, McPherson said, evolution "is the greatest triumph of Satanic intelligence in 5,931 years of devilish warfare, against the Hosts of Heaven. It is poisoning the minds of the children of the nation."[97] She sent Bryan a telegram saying, "Ten thousand members of Angelus Temple with her millions of radio church membership send grateful appreciation of your lion-hearted championship of the Bible against evolution and throw our hats in the ring with you."[98] She organized "an all-night prayer service, a massive church meeting preceded by a Bible parade through Los Angeles."[99]
Politics[edit]
While her mother Mildred Kennedy was a registered Democrat, no one was certain of McPherson's registration. She endorsed Herbert Hoover over Franklin D. Roosevelt, but enthusiastically threw her support behind the latter and his social programs when he was elected into office.[100] She was a patron of organized labor, preaching a gangster's money was "no more unclean than the dollars of the man who amasses his millions from underpaid factory workers".[101] She was more cautious, though, when labor strikes resulted in violent uprisings. She saw in them the possible activities of Communism, which sought to infiltrate labor unions and other organizations. McPherson intensely disliked Communism and its derivatives as they sought to rule without God; their ultimate goal, she believed, was to remove Christianity from the earth. McPherson's opinion of fascism fared no better; its totalitarian rule was wrongly justified by claiming to represent the power of God.[102]
McPherson did not align herself consistently with any broad conservative or liberal political agenda. Instead, she explained if Christianity occupied a central place in national life, and if the components of God, home, school and government were kept together, everything else would fall into place. "Remove any of these," she warned, "and [civilization] topples, crumbles."[103][104] Current Foursquare Gospel Church leaders qualify the evangelist's views: "McPherson’s passion to see America sustained in spiritual health, which compelled her quest to see the Church influence government, must be interpreted in light of the political and religious climate of the 1920s, 30s, and 40s. It is not accurate to draw a parallel between today’s extreme fundamentalist, right-wing Christianity and the style or focus of Sister McPherson."[105] She was also among the first prominent Christian ministers to defend the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine. She related that when Christ returns, the Jews would receive him, their suffering will end, "and they will establish at Jerusalem a kingdom more wonderful than the world has known."[106]
Reported kidnapping[edit]
Disappearance from Venice Beach[edit]
Main article: Reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson




Minnie Kennedy doing radio interview with deep-sea diver R.C. Crawford during search for McPherson's body in Santa Monica, Calif., 1926


The reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson caused a frenzy in national media and changed her life and the course of her career. After disappearing in May, 1926, she reappeared in Mexico five weeks later, stating she had been held for ransom in a desert shack there. The subsequent grand-jury inquiries over her reported kidnapping and escape precipitated continued public interest in her future misfortunes.
On May 18, 1926, McPherson went with her secretary to Ocean Park Beach north of Venice Beach to swim. Soon after arriving, McPherson was nowhere to be found. It was thought she had drowned. Searchers combed the beach and nearby area, but could not locate her body. The Angelus Temple received letters and calls claiming knowledge of McPherson, including demands for ransom. McPherson sightings occurred around the country, often in widely divergent locations many miles apart on the same day. As a precaution, the ransom notes were sent to the police who investigated at least one of them. Mildred Kennedy, though, regarded the messages as hoaxes, believing her daughter dead.[107]
As the Angelus Temple prepared for a memorial service commemorating McPherson's death, Kennedy received a phone call from Douglas, Arizona. Her daughter was alive. The distraught McPherson was resting in a Douglas hospital and related her story to officials.




After emerging from the Mexican desert, McPherson convalesces in a hospital with her family in Douglas, Arizona, 1926. District Attorney Asa Keyes stands to the far left with Mildred Kennedy (mother) next to Roberta Star Semple, middle left (daughter). On the far right, Deputy District Attorney Joseph Ryan is alongside her son, Rolf McPherson.


On the beach, May 19, 1926, McPherson said she had been approached by a young couple who wanted prayer for their sick child. McPherson went with them to their car and was suddenly shoved inside. A cloth, presumably laced with chloroform, was held against her face, causing her to pass out. Eventually, she was moved to an adobe shack far in the desert. Two kidnappers, Steve and Rose,[108] were her constant companions, with a third unnamed man, occasionally visiting. When at last, all her captors were away on errands, she escaped out a window.
Using a mountain as a landmark, she traveled through the desert for around 11–13 hours across an estimated distance of 20 miles (32 km). Around 1:00 am she reached Agua Prieta, Sonora, a Mexican border town, and collapsed near a house there. She was assisted by the residents and finally taken to adjacent Douglas.
Return to Los Angeles[edit]
After leaving Douglas, McPherson was greeted at the Los Angeles train station by 30,000–50,000 people, more than for almost any other personage.[109] The parade back to the temple even elicited a greater turnout than President Woodrow Wilson's visit to Los Angeles in 1919, attesting to her popularity and the growing influence of mass media entertainment.[110][111][112] Already incensed over McPherson's influential public stance on evolution and the Bible, most of the Chamber of Commerce and some other civic leaders, saw the event as gaudy display; nationally embarrassing to the city. Many Los Angeles area churches were also annoyed.
The story received nationwide coverage. Then, speculations, together with alleged witnesses, began to emerge that her disappearance might have been caused by other than the kidnapping event McPherson described. Against the wishes of her mother, who thought the press would continue to unfavorably exploit the story, McPherson decided for vindication and presented her complaint in court. A grand jury inquiry convened to determine if enough evidence could be found to indict any kidnappers. However, pressured by various influential community groups, the court instead intensely investigated McPherson, her family, and acquaintances to determine if the kidnapping was fabricated.[113][114] District Attorney Asa Keyes led the prosecution against her. He was known for winning convictions, but six persons he sent to prison were found to be innocent and pardoned by the state governor.[115]
Grand jury inquiry[edit]
The grand jury inquiries were first convened on July 8, 1926, adjourned and reconvened, holding sessions through the summer of 1926 accompanied by intense media interest. The proceedings were supposed to be secret as per California law, though the Los Angeles court spoke about it to the newspapers.[116] Issues of trial by media and court of public opinion were apparent, as much of the proclaimed evidence against McPherson came from reporters who featured it in their news articles and passed it on to the police. McPherson also eschewed secrecy and freely used her radio station to broadcast her side of the story. Evidence and testimonies were hotly debated by an evenly divided public. On November 3, the case was determined to be moved to jury trial set for mid-January, 1927. Along with McPherson and her mother, several other defendants were charged in the inquiry. If convicted, the counts added up to maximum prison time of 42 years.[117][118][119]
Various speculations were proffered by the news media and prosecution as to the reason for McPherson's disappearance. The one they settled on most strongly was she ran off with an ex-employee, Kenneth Ormiston. She was accused of staying with him in a California resort town cottage until May 29. The time frame of Ormiston's seaside cottage rental coincided with the first 10 days of her disappearance. However, a missing three-week period afterwards was not accounted for with any evidence in court by the prosecution. In response, the evangelist maintained all along, without changing anything in her story, that she was taken, held captive by the kidnappers, and escaped as she originally described.
As the prosecution tried to break down her story, defense witnesses corroborated her assertions [120][121][122][123] or McPherson herself demonstrated how the disputed parts were plausible[124] In contrast, the prosecution's case developed serious credibility issues. Witnesses changed their testimonies[125] and evidence often had suspicious origins[126] or was mishandled while in custody[127][128] Finally, on January 2, 1927, Ormiston identified Elizabeth Tovey, a nurse from Seattle, Washington, as his female companion and the woman who stayed with him at the seaside cottage.[129] All charges against McPherson and associated parties were dropped by the court for the lack of evidence on January 10, 1927.
After the case dismissal[edit]
Regardless of the court's decision, months of unfavorable press reports fixed in much of the public's mind a certainty of McPherson's wrongdoing. The newspapers had a vested interest in keeping the controversy going, since it generated huge sales. The bulk of the investigation against McPherson was funded by Los Angeles-area newspapers at an estimated amount of $500,000.[130][131]
Some supporters thought McPherson should have insisted on the jury trial and clear her name. The grand jury inquiry concluded while enough evidence did not exist to try her, it did not indicate her story was true with its implication of kidnappers still at large. Court costs to McPherson were estimated to be as high as $100,000.[132][133] A jury trial could take months. McPherson moved on to other projects. In 1927, she published a book about her version of the kidnapping: In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life.
Various influential individuals offered their opinions on the inquiry. In a letter to the Los Angeles Times, a few months after the case was dropped, the Reverend Robert P. Shuler stated, "Perhaps the most serious thing about this whole situation is the seeming loyalty of thousands to this leader in the face of her evident and positively proven guilt."[134]
H.L. Mencken, noted journalist, satirist, cultural critic, and scholar and an ideological opponent of McPherson, opposite each other in the 1925 Scopes "Monkey" trial, also commented. He wrote that since many of that town's residents acquired their ideas "of the true, the good and the beautiful" from the movies and newspapers, "Los Angeles will remember the testimony against her long after it forgets the testimony that cleared her."[135]
Claims of extramarital affairs[edit]
During her lifetime[edit]
Numerous allegations of illicit love affairs[136] were often directed against McPherson. Suspected lovers generally denied involvement.[137] For example, Kenneth Ormiston, a married man with a small son,[138] could have profited immensely from an exposé about himself and McPherson.[139] Whether the two had a good working relationship and were friendly with each other was not disputed. During the 1926 kidnapping grand jury trial, reporters and investigators tried to link him amorously to McPherson.[140][141] Ormiston told newspapers his name connected in such a way to the evangelist "was a gross insult to a noble and sincere woman."[142][143]




McPherson was often the target of numerous unsubstantiated sexually related allegations. As reported by the Los Angeles Times, June 4, 1936, this photograph depicts the evangelist reading a note demanding $10,000, else nude motion pictures of her and a friend would be publicly released. When inquired about it in an unrelated interview later that year, she tersely stated nude pictures of her did not exist because none were ever taken.[144]


Alarmed by her rapidly changing style of dress and involvement with Hollywood and its "worldly" lifestyle, in 1929, an Angelus Temple official[145] hired detectives to shadow McPherson. Through her windows, the detectives frequently saw McPherson staying up until the early morning hours composing songs, drafting sacred operas, and scribbling diagrams of her illustrated sermons.[146] They were looking for evidence of her indiscretions, but found nothing. No confirmation of adulterous misconduct,[137] with perhaps exception of her third marriage as a violation of Church tenets, was ever presented. McPherson herself, aware of numerous accusations leveled at her throughout her career, responded only to a small fraction of them, conveying the only thing she had time for was "preaching Jesus".[147]
Posthumously[edit]
Posthumously, unsubstantiated allegations of extramarital affairs continued to emerge, this time by those who stated to have been her partner, claims not mentioned by them or others while she was still alive. Canadian journalist Gordon Sinclair implied such a claim in his 1966 autobiography, Will the Real Gordon Sinclair Please Stand Up. Sinclair stated he worked on a story with McPherson and during one of those times in 1934, the incident purportedly occurred. Sinclair alluded to a sexual dalliance with McPherson one afternoon along with some gin and ginger.[148]
Thirty years after her death, another claim by comedian Milton Berle, in a 1974 autobiography, alleges a brief affair with the evangelist. In his book, titled Milton Berle: An Autobiography, Berle asserts he met McPherson at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles where both were doing a charity show. Biographer Matthew Avery Sutton commented, "Berle, a notorious womanizer whose many tales of scandalous affairs were not always true, claimed to have had sex with McPherson on this and one other occasion", both during a year when McPherson was often ill and bedridden. Sutton noted that Berle's story of a crucifix[149] in McPherson's bedroom was not consistent with the coolness of Pentecostal-Catholic relations during that era.[150] Another book by Milton Berle, Laughingly Yours, which had autobiographical content that was published in 1939 while McPherson was still alive, did not have this claim.[151]
Author Raymond L. Cox states: "Mrs. McPherson's daughter, Roberta Salter of New York, told me, 'Mother never had an apartment in her life.' By 1931, she kept herself securely chaperoned to guard against such allegations." During 1930, the evangelist's appearances and whereabouts can be traced almost every day. She was incapacitated with illness a full five months of that year, and there is no place on her schedule as reported in her publications and church and travel records for the benefit Berle alleged. Besides, Roberta also told Cox, "Mother never did a benefit in her life. She had her own charities".[152]
Later life and career[edit]




McPherson surrounded by flowers, cutting into Angelus Temple cake, 1927. Not one for settling into a predictable routine, she used her birthday, national holidays and other events as themes for church services and gala festivities.


After fallout with press[edit]
Following her heyday in the 1920s, McPherson carried on with her ministry, but fell out of favor with the press. They once dubbed her the "miracle worker"[153] or "miracle woman", reporting extensively on her faith-healing demonstrations, but now were anxious to relay every disturbance in her household to the headlines. Her developing difficulties with her mother, Mildred Kennedy, were starting to take the front page. Yet, McPherson emerged from the kidnapping nationally famous. As much as 10% of the population in Los Angeles held membership in her Temple.[154] For a time, movie studios competed with each other offering McPherson long-term contracts.
Believing that talking pictures had the potential to transform Christianity, McPherson explored Hollywood culture and appeared in newsreels alongside other famous individuals such as Mary Pickford, Frances Perkins, and Franklin D. Roosevelt. She lost weight, cut and dyed her hair, began to wear makeup and jewelry, and became stylish and well-attired. A critic wrote McPherson "can out-dress the Hollywood stars". The solicitation of fame, justified to draw audiences to her and hence to Christ, was more than some in her church organization could accept. They yearned for Sister Aimee "in the old time dress," referring to her previous "trademarked" uniform of a navy cape over a white servant's dress, both purchased inexpensively in bargain basements.[155] Other members, though, loved it, and her Angelus Temple services were as popular as ever and remained so throughout her life. Unless parishioners arrived to a service early, frequently they could not get in; all seats were taken. Now that she could afford it, McPherson thought, as well, she wanted her apparel and display to be the best she could present to Jesus.[154][156]
In early 1927, McPherson immediately set out on a "vindication tour", visiting various cities and taking advantage of the publicity her kidnapping story created to preach the Gospel.[157] Her visit to New York in fox-furs and a finely trimmed yellow suit was noted in the society pages. She visited even nightclubs, to include a famous speakeasy in New York: Texas Guinan’s Three Hundred Club on 54th Street. While McPherson sipped water at her table, Guinan asked if she would speak a few words to the patrons. Delighted, McPherson stood and addressed the jazzed and boozy crowd:

"Behind all these beautiful clothes, behind these good times, in the midst of your lovely buildings and shops and pleasures, there is another life. There is something on the other side. “What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?” With all your getting and playing and good times, do not forget you have a Lord. Take Him into your hearts."

The unexpected speech that did not judge, and had a conciliatory tone between them and the Divine, earned a thoughtful moment of silence from the crowd, then an applause that went on for much longer than the speech took. The revelers were invited to hear her preach at the Glad Tidings Tabernacle on 33rd Street. The visits to speakeasies and nightclubs added to McPherson's notoriety; newspapers reported heavily on them, rumors erroneously conveyed she was drinking, smoking and dancing; and her mother along with some other church members, did not understand McPherson's strategy of tearing down barriers between the secular and religious world, between the sinner and the saved.[158]
Problems with Mildred Kennedy[edit]




Without Mildred Kennedy's conservative financial management, replacement administrators embarked on a spread of ambitious projects that often failed. An example of this was Lake Tahoe lot deals of which the cover of an alleged prospectus describes. Not enough parcels of land were purchased and the subsequent lawsuit brought by investors drew unfavorable publicity and the attention of the district attorney's office.


In the summer of 1927, Mildred Kennedy, McPherson's mother, left the Angelus Temple. In an attempt to curtail her daughter's influence and officially transfer more power to herself, Kennedy initiated a staff-member "vote of confidence" against McPherson, but lost. The two had heatedly argued over management polices and McPherson's changing personal dress and appearance.[159] For similar reasons, 300 members of the choir left, as well. The choir could be replaced;[160] however, Kennedy's financial and administrative skills had been of crucial importance in growing McPherson's ministry from tent revivals to satellite churches and maintaining its current activities in the Temple. A series of less able management staff replaced Kennedy, and the Temple became involved in various questionable projects such as hotel building, cemetery plots, and land sales. Accordingly, the Angelus Temple plummeted deep into debt. In response to the difficulties, Kennedy came back in late 1929, but because of continued serious disagreements with McPherson, tendered her resignation on July 29, 1930.[161] The following month, McPherson suffered a physical and nervous breakdown. For 10 months, she was absent from the pulpit, diagnosed, in part, with acute acidosis.[162]
Resurrecting her career[edit]
When she gained strength and returned, she introduced with renewed vigor her moving "Attar of Roses" sermon, based on the Song of Solomon, with its Rose of Sharon as the mystical Body of Christ. While journalists attending her Sunday illustrated sermons assumed her language was fit only for slapstick or sentimental entertainment, scholars who have studied her work for Bible students and small prayer groups, found instead the complex discourse of neoplatonic interpretation. The Old Testament book, the Song of Solomon, for example, she had hundreds of pages written about it, each "different from one another as snowflakes".[163]
The October 10–18, 1931, revival in Boston started out sluggishly and many predicted its failure. A Los Angeles newspaper ran headlines of the flop and expected more of the same in the days to come. On opening night, McPherson spoke to fewer than 5,000 persons in the 22,000-seat sports arena, and safety pins and rubber bands abundantly cluttered the collection baskets. The city had large populations of Unitarians, Episcopalians, and Catholics, venerable denominations traditionally hostile to a Pentecostal or fundamentalist message. Afterwards, from her hotel room, McPherson, known to be a sports fan, asked for the afternoon's World Series scores and a Boston Herald reporter sent her a copy of the Sunday edition. The next day, the "Bring Back the Bible to Boston" campaign's tone shifted as McPherson took greater control and attendance climbed sharply.[164][165]
A reporter took note of McPherson's stage presence, different from any other evangelist who spoke there, gesturing with her white Bible for effect, as well as preaching. Answering him as to why she presented a dramatic sermon, she stated, "Our God is a dramatic God,... rolling back the Red Sea,... Elijah on the mountaintop,... the crucifixion, the resurrection, His ascension,... tongues of fire on the day of Pentecost." The final day of afternoon and evening services had 40,000 persons attending, the stadium was full, and more than 5,000 had to be turned away. A total of 160,000 people attended the meetings, breaking historic attendance records of any nine days of revival services in Boston.[165]
Her revival in New York City was not very fruitful, as her sensationalistic reputation preceded her. The third marriage to David Hutton, rumored romances, and her kidnapping was what its press and citizens wanted to hear about. Therefore, after a brief pause in New York and Washington, DC, she went on Philadelphia and other cities, traveling to 46 of them in 21 states, speaking to as much as 2% of the entire population of the United States. A full crew of musicians, scene designers, and costumers accompanied McPherson. In this, her last national revival tour, between September 1933 and December 20, 1934, two million persons heard 336 sermons. Many more were reached by 45 radio stations.[166]
The Boston Evening Traveler newspaper reported:

"Aimee's religion is a religion of joy. There is happiness in it. Her voice is easy to listen to. She does not appeal to the brain and try to hammer religion into the heads of her audience. Rather, she appeals to the hearts of her hearers. She radiates friendliness. She creates an atmosphere that is warming. She is persuasive, rather than forceful; gracious and kindly, rather than compelling. Fundamentally she takes the whole Bible literally, from cover to cover."[165]

Nevertheless, she was not a radical literalist. In an informal meeting with some Harvard students, McPherson told them that Genesis allowed great latitude of interpretation, and that neither she nor the Bible insisted the world was created only 6,000 years ago.[167] In another meeting with students, she heard their assertion the teachings of Christ have outlived their usefulness; education, science and cold reasoning were the new saviors of the world. Thus compelled, McPherson decided to travel and look at the world with new eyes.[168] In 1935, McPherson embarked on a worldwide six-month discovery tour to examine the social, religious, and economic climates of many countries. At one point, it was earlier reported she wanted to study the women's movement in connection with the campaign for the independence of India, and was anxious to have "a chat with Mahatma Gandhi".[4] She received an invitation from him and he gave her a sari made from threads woven from his simple spinning wheel. Impressed with Gandhi and his ideas, McPherson thought he might secretly lean towards Christianity, his dedication possibly coming from catching "a glimpse of the cleansing, lifting, strengthening power of the Nazarene".[169]
Other highlights included traversing barefoot, in Myanmar, the lengthy stone path to the Great Pagoda, a gold-covered 325-ft tiered tower enshrining relics of four Buddhas, which caught and reflected the rays of the sun, a "vision of breath-taking glory."[170] She heard Benito Mussolini speak in Italy, and fretted war would again ensue. In the rain, at Verdun, France, she sat on a wrecked military vehicle in mournful contemplation of the hundreds of thousands who died on the still-uncleared battlefield. White, bleached bones of the fallen poked out of the earth, and nearby, laborers toiled carefully at their dangerous iron harvest, collecting old munitions for disposal.
In mid-1936, a delegation who had been involved with the 1906 Azusa Street Mission Revivals, including Emma Cotton, asked if they could use the Angelus Temple for their 30th Anniversary Celebration. The original mission building was demolished and its land unavailable. African American Evangelist Emma Cotton and McPherson therefore organized a series of meetings which also marked her enthusiastic reidentification with the Pentecostal movement. McPherson's experiments of Hollywood celebrity ambitions coexisting with her ministry were not as successful as she hoped. Alliances with other church groups were failing or no longer in effect, and she searched for ways to start again. Therefore, she looked to her spiritual origins and allowed for the possibility of reintroducing even the more alarming aspects of the Pentecostal experience into her public meetings. Temple officials were concerned the Azusa people might bring in some "wildfire and Holy Rollerism". McPherson indicated she would turn hand springs with them as needed to see the power of God manifest.
The Azusa Street Revival commemoration events brought numbers of black leaders to her pulpit. The original attendees of the Azusa revivals filled the Angelus Temple along with every ethnic minority, "the saints who were once smelted together with the fires of Pentecost" were "being reunited, rewelded, and rejuvenated." McPherson recommitted herself to the dissemination of "classic Pentecostalism", and her concern now was that Foursquaredom was in the danger of becoming too "churchy". For the first time since the Temple opened, McPherson began to publicly deliver some of her messages in tongues. McPherson traversed the line between cold formality and wildfire and now decided it was easier to cool down a hot fanatic than to resuscitate a corpse. Future meetings to celebrate the Azusa Street Revivals included guest Charles H. Mason, a founder of the Churches of God in Christ. Mason, an Azusa leader, was also one of the most significant African American religious figures in United States history and was frequently hosted at the Angelus Temple.[171]




Roberta Star Semple, (left) McPherson's daughter; Aimee Semple-McPherson (middle); and Rheba Crawford Splivalo, assistant pastor,(right) at a parade in 1935


Problems with the Temple[edit]
Also in 1936, McPherson reassigned staff responsibilities in an effort to address the Temple's financial difficulties. This, together with other unresolved issues, accelerated simmering tensions among various staff members. Rumors circulated that "Angel of Broadway", charismatic evangelist Rheba Crawford Splivalo, who had been working extensively with McPherson for several years, planned to take the Angelus Temple from her. McPherson asked Splivalo to "leave town".[164] In the course of the staff controversy, McPherson's lawyer issued a strongly worded press release that upset Roberta Star Semple, McPherson's daughter, and led her to initiate a $150,000[172] lawsuit against him for slander. Splivalo also sued McPherson for $1,080,000[173] because of alleged statements calling her a ‘Jezebel and a Judas’ and "unfit to stand in the Angelus Temple pulpit".[174][175]
The two lawsuits filed by Semple and Splivalo were not related, but McPherson did not see it that way. She saw both as part of the Temple takeover plot. McPherson's mother was also involved and sided with Semple, her granddaughter, making unflattering statements about McPherson to the press. In these charged circumstances, McPherson's defense of herself and her lawyer in a public trial was dramatic and theatrical. She testified tearfully with swoons and faints about how her daughter conspired with others against her.[176] Her daughter's lawyer, meanwhile, mocked McPherson by imitating her mannerisms and making faces at her.[177] The trial did much to estrange McPherson from her daughter. The judge ruled for Semple, giving a $2,000[178] judgment in her favor. Semple then moved to New York. Splivalo and the Temple settled their suit out of court for the "cause of religion and the good of the community."[179]
With Kennedy, Semple, and Splivalo gone, the Temple lost much of its talented leadership. However, McPherson found a competent and firm administrator in Giles Knight, who was able to bring the Temple out of debt, dispose of the 40 or so lawsuits, and eliminate the more spurious projects. He sequestered McPherson, allowed her to receive only a few personal visitors, and carefully regulated her activities outside the Temple. This period was one of unprecedented creativity for McPherson. No longer distracted by waves of reporters, reams of lawsuits, and innumerable individuals demanding her attention, she became very accomplished in her illustrative sermon style of Gospel preaching. The irreligious Charlie Chaplin would secretly attend her services, enjoying her sermons. She later met and consulted with Chaplin on ways to improve her presentations. McPherson, who earlier blared across newspaper headlines as many as three times a week, in one alleged scandal or another, had her public image much improved. Her adversary, Reverend Robert P. Shuler, who previously attacked her by radio, magazine, pulpit, and pamphlet, proclaimed "Aimee's missionary work was the envy of Methodists".[180] He also expressed his support of her Foursquare Church application admittance into National Association of Evangelicals for United Action in 1943.[9]
Her efforts at making interracial revival a reality at Angelus Temple continued. She welcomed blacks into the congregation and pulpit. While race riots burned Detroit in 1943, McPherson publicly converted the notorious black former heavyweight champion Jack Johnson on the Temple stage and embraced him “as he raised his hand in worship”.[181][182]
War years[edit]
Views on war[edit]
Pacifism, which was a component of Pentecostalism, was evaluated by the Foursquare Gospel Church in the 1930s with official statements and documents which were further revised by McPherson. A press quote attributed to McPherson, in reference to Mahatma Gandhi, appears to explore the concept, "I want to incorporate the ideals of India with my own...."[4] Additionally, Clinton Howard, the chairman of the World Peace Commission, was invited to speak at the Angelus Temple. In 1932, she promoted disarmament, "If the nations of the world would stop building warships and equipping armies[,] we would be all but overwhelmed with prosperity."[183]
Foursquare leaders, alarmed at rapid changes of technology, especially sea and air, which challenged the United States' isolation and security, decided to officially draw up an amendment inclusive of varied opinions in regards to military service. The idea that one could trust to bear arms in a righteous cause, as well as believing the killing of others, even in connection to military service, would endanger their souls; both views were acceptable.[184]
Reaction to war[edit]
McPherson kept a canny eye on the international events leading up to the Second World War, citing the probability of a much more terrible conflict than the one that passed 20 years earlier. In a sermon, she described a recently conquered country which had the Cross and other religious symbols in their schools removed; in their place was a portrait of a certain man. Instead of prayer, their school day began with a distinctive salute to this person. The destructive apocalypse of John the Apostle, with its expected high civilian casualties, followed by the Second Coming of Christ, it seemed, was at hand. Even if submarines were hiding in the depths of the sea, they could not escape the terror that would befall them.[185]




Congregation at Angelus Temple during 14-hour Holy Ghost service led by Aimee Semple McPherson, Los Angeles, Calif., 1942


All-night prayer meetings were held Friday nights at the Angelus Temple, starting in 1940, the year when Germany was overrunning Belgium, the Netherlands, and France. She asked other Foursquare churches around the country to follow suit. She sent President Franklin Roosevelt's secretary, Mr. Stephen Early, as well as some other leaders, an outline of her plans. Prayer, to her, was even more powerful than the implements of war. Various officials expressed their appreciation, including the governor of California.[186] Early passed on a reply back from Roosevelt: a message of thanks for her work. A month later, Roosevelt declared a National Day of Prayer to "beseech the Ruler of the Universe to bless our Republic." Foursquare leaders thought McPherson may have inspired it, and perhaps the President of the United States was looking to her for spiritual leadership of the nation.[187]
At the outbreak of World War II, McPherson rejected the Christian pacifism of many in the Pentecostal movement, including those of her own church. Her mind was set on doing what ever it took to assist the United States in winning the war, "It is the Bible against Mein Kampf. It is the Cross against the Swastika. It is God against the antichrist of Japan,... This is no time for pacifism."[188] The Angelus Temple itself became a visible symbol of home front sacrifice for the war effort. If necessary, it was announced, the building could be used for an air raid shelter. The distinctive white dome was painted over with black paint and its beautiful stained-glass windows were covered up. The Temple, like other buildings in the city, had to have any opening or window that could emit visible light at night, covered. One evening in May 1942, to advertise the need to conserve gasoline and rubber, McPherson herself drove a horse and buggy to the Angelus Temple.[186]
Rubber and other drives were organized, and unlimited airtime on her radio station, KFSG, was given to the Office of War Information. She asked parishioners and other listeners to donate two hours a day for such tasks as rolling bandages "so that a soldier's bandage could be changed.... And let us give our blood to help every one." Money was raised to provide local military bases with comfortable furnishings and radios. Newsweek published an article about McPherson, "The World's Greatest Living Minister", on July 19, 1943, noting she had collected 2,800 pints of blood for the Red Cross; servicemen in her audience are especially honored, and the climax of her church services is when she reads the National Anthem.[189]
McPherson gave visiting servicemen autographed Bibles. She observed they often had no religious affiliation and did not even own a Bible. She wrote:

"What a privilege it was to invite the servicemen present in every Sunday night meeting to come to the platform, where I greeted them, gave each one a New Testament, and knelt in prayer with them for their spiritual needs, and God’s guidance and protection on their lives. Later, when the altar call would be given, many of these same servicemen would make another trip to the platform publicly to receive Jesus Christ as their personal savior."[186]

She insulted Adolf Hitler and Hideki Tōjō, and became involved in war bond rallies. Pershing Square's Victory House in Los Angeles never saw a bigger crowd. McPherson sold $150,000[190][191][192][193] worth of bonds in one hour on June 20, 1942, breaking all previous records, then repeated the performance again on July 4, 1944.[194][195] The U.S. Treasury awarded her a special citation. The Army made McPherson an honorary colonel.
Her wartime activities included sermons that linked the church and American patriotism.[196] McPherson spoke to the men in uniform of her belief that military action against the Axis powers was long overdue. And more so than in almost any war previously, she felt that if they did not prevail, churches, homes, and everything precious and dear to the Christian would absolutely be destroyed.[197]
McPherson's embrace of the total war strategy of the United States left her open to some criticism. The line between the church as an independent moral authority monitoring government became blurred, perceived instead, as complicit with that same governance. Wrongs being done to Japanese Americans through their internment in relocation camps were being overlooked, for example. And she refused to allow her denomination to support Christians who remained committed pacifists. Even if conscientious objectors were willing to participate in noncombat roles, more was needed. Church members and leaders had to be willing to take up arms and fight for the United States. The pacifist clause which earlier existed was, by her proposal, voted upon and eliminated by Foursquare Gospel Church leaders.[197]
Death[edit]




McPherson's grave


On September 26, 1944, McPherson went to Oakland, California, for a series of revivals, planning to preach her popular "Story of My Life" sermon. When McPherson's son went to her hotel room at 10:00 the next morning, he found her unconscious with pills and a half-empty bottle of capsules nearby. She was dead by 11:15. It was later discovered she previously called her doctor that morning to complain about feeling ill from the medicine, but he was in surgery and could not be disturbed. She then phoned another doctor who referred her to yet another physician. However, McPherson apparently lost consciousness before the third could be contacted.[198][199]
The autopsy did not conclusively determine the cause of McPherson's death. She had been taking sleeping pills following numerous health problems – including "tropical fever". Among the pills found in the hotel room was the barbiturate Seconal, a strong sedative which had not been prescribed for her. It was unknown how she obtained them.
The coroner said she most likely died of an accidental overdose compounded by kidney failure. The cause of death is officially listed as unknown.[200] Given the circumstances, there was speculation about suicide, but most sources generally agree the overdose was accidental, as stated in the coroner's report.[201]
Forty-five thousand people waited in long lines, some until 2 am, to file past the evangelist, where, for three days, her body lay in state at the Angelus Temple. Within a mile-and-a-half (800 m) radius of the church, police had to double park cars. It later took 11 trucks to transport the $50,000[202] worth of flowers to the cemetery which itself received more telegrammed floral orders than at any time since Will Rogers' death almost 10 years earlier. A Foursquare leader noted that to watch the long line pass reverently by her casket, and see tears shed by all types of people, regardless of class and color, helped give understanding to the far-reaching influence of her life and ministry.[203]
An observer, Marcus Bach, who was on a spiritual odyssey of personal discovery, wrote:

"Roberta, who had married an orchestra director, flew in from New York. Ma Kennedy was at the grave, Rheba Crawford Splivalo had returned to say that there was never a greater worker for God than Sister. A thousand ministers of the Foursquare Gospel paid their tearful tribute. The curious stood by impressed. The poor who had always been fed at Angelus were there, the lost who had been spirit-filled, the healed, the faithful here they were eager to immortalize the Ontario farm girl who loved the Lord. Here they laid the body of Sister Aimee to rest in the marble sarcophagus guarded by two great angels on Sunrise slope. "[204]

Millions of dollars passed through McPherson's hands. However, when her personal estate was calculated, it amounted to $10,000.[205] To her daughter, Roberta, went $2000[206] the remainder to her son Rolf. By contrast, her mother Mildred Kennedy had a 1927 severance settlement of as much as $200,000[207] in cash and property; the Foursquare Church itself was worth $2.8 million[208][209]
McPherson is buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California. Following her death, the Foursquare Gospel church denomination was led for 44 years by her son Rolf McPherson. The church claims a membership of over 7.9 million worldwide.[210]
Legacy and influence[edit]
Ministry[edit]
McPherson's ministry continued to flourish even in the face of scandal. The newspapers which served to propel McPherson to fame and advertise her message, also were used to highlight her faults, real and imagined. Some modern televangelists who transgressed and faded into obscurity because of high-profile news coverage, also learned how quickly modern communication media could hurt as well as help them. After her death, the largely negative aspect of her media image persisted, was cultivated[211] and became the dominant factor in defining McPherson for many in the public today.[212]
Reverend Robert P. Shuler, whose caustic view of McPherson softened over the years, wrote he could not figure out why God chose such a person. The flaws he observed in McPherson, were by his opinion, many, yet she ultimately made a positive impact on Christianity, long lasting and enduring . He recognized her appeal was a combination of identifying with the average citizen as well as an ability to explain the gospel in simple, easily understandable terms, drawing them irresistibly to her services:

...while great cathedral churches closed their doors on Sunday night, the crowds pushed through her portals in one ever-flowing stream.

He saw her legacy extend far beyond the glamor of Hollywood, exerting itself through the thousands of ministers she trained and churches planted throughout the world. McPherson, together with the alliances she made, worked to reshape the evangelical Christian faith, making it relevant to American culture and personally involving for those in the audience.[213]
Legacy[edit]




Uldine Utley, c. 1924


In Fresno, California, 1921, nine-year-old Uldine Utley (1912–1995) became a fervent believer. After hearing McPherson's dramatic retelling of the David and Goliath story, the young girl tearfully gave her life over to Christ, and dedicated herself to be "a little David for the Lord and fight Goliath." With her parents as managers, she went on to preach to millions of people and converted many thousands. (The most notable of these was John Sung, who would become a major evangelical figure in China.[214][215][216]) Utley frequently used the same metaphors as McPherson, referring to Christ as "the Rose of Sharon" and invoking "Bride of Christ" imagery.[217][218][219]
During the Great Depression years, as a child, Dr. Edwin Louis Cole's mother attended LIFE Bible College and as he grew up, Cole participated in various Angelus Temple activities "witnessing the miraculous."[220] Cole went on to found the Christian Men's Network and influenced many, including Bill McCartney (founder of Promise Keepers), Pat Robertson, John Maxwell (president of Injoy Ministries), Kenneth Copeland, Oliver North, and Chuck Norris.[221]
According biographer Matthew Avery Sutton, in the early 1900s, it was expected traditional Protestantism would give way to rapidly developing new philosophical ideas and sciences that were being widely taught. McPherson contributed immensely to the forestalling of that predicted inevitability. Liberal Christianity, which enjoyed strong growth starting in the late 19th century, regarded many of the miracles of Jesus to be superstitious interpretations of what actually occurred or metaphors for his teachings. McPherson's faith-healing demonstrations instead gave credence to onlookers her claim was true: Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. This Bible verse of Hebrews 13:8; as biographer Daniel Mark Epstein noted as per McPherson, meant Jesus still had power and could heal as in ancient times, and the verse become the motto of her Foursquare Gospel Church. Sutton wrote conveying; it was easy for many people to deny a God who did something 1,900 years ago, but large crowds of people were now witness to the blind seeing, the lame walking, and the deaf hearing. Healings at her services, according to Epstein from period news sources, were occurring faster than the journalists could write them down. Crowds clamored to reach her altar to experience a New Testament conversion that transformed many of their lives. Even large portions of the secular public admired her. The old time Gospel message was being dramatically marketed by the most technologically advanced means possible, reconstructing it into something far more interesting and desirable than it was previously.[222][223]
McPherson's ecumenical approach assisted Pentecostals in learning how better to explain their faith in the context of historic church doctrine. Mainline churches became exposed to the more unusual gifts of the Holy Spirit. They also benefited by borrowing Pentecostal revival techniques[9] such as more emotive expression, joyful praise worship, and testimonials, forerunning the Charismatic Movement.
McPherson challenged what was expected from women. Females as preachers and her status as a divorcee with two failed marriages were of particular concern to many of the fundamentalist churches with which she wanted to work, but her success could not be easily ignored. Meanwhile, secular society broadly labeled women as either Victorian ladies or whores,[224] and she bounced from one category to the other. She had her extensive relief charities and along with it, titillating scandals. Atheist Charles Lee Smith remarked publicly of McPherson, just before a debate, that she had an extraordinary mind, "particularly for a woman".[225]
Her continual work at church alliance-building finally bore fruit in an official way, though she did not live to see it. Foursquare Gospel Church leaders were at last able to join the National Association of Evangelicals in 1952 and from there helped organize the Pentecostal World Fellowship,[226] which exists to the present day. Pentecostalism which once advocated separatism and was on the fringes of Protestantism, became part of mainstream Christianity.[227]
Works about McPherson[edit]
Books, periodicals, films, and plays[edit]

The character Sharon Falconer in Sinclair Lewis' Elmer Gantry (1926) was based on McPherson.[228]
The faith-healing evangelist Big Sister in Nathanael West's The Day of the Locust was based on McPherson.
Upton Sinclair was fascinated with her history and immediately after her disappearance from Venice Beach wrote a poem called "An Evangelist Drowns," From correspondence with H.L. Mencken, though Sinclair agreed that the core of the grand jury inquiry against McPherson was actually a political persecution, he abbreviated the complex drama to one of hypocrisy and sexuality.[229] He wrote her into his 1927 novel, Oil!.her in the character of Eli Watkins, a corrupt small-town minister. That character is called Eli Sunday in the 2007 film There Will Be Blood.[230]
The character of the American evangelist Mrs. Melrose Ape in Evelyn Waugh's satirical novel Vile Bodies (1930) is thought to be based on McPherson.
The musical AIMEE!, written by Patrick Young and music by Bob Ashley, played at the Charlottetown Festival, in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island in the summer of 1981.[231]
Vanity Fair published a satirical cutout paper doll based on her.[232]
Aimee Semple McPherson appeared in The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930), one in a series of popular documentaries released by Tiffany Studios.[233]
Frank Capra's film The Miracle Woman (1931), starring Barbara Stanwyck, was based on John Meehan's play Bless You, Sister which was reportedly inspired by McPherson's life.
The character of the "sensuous sermonizer" Reno Sweeney in Cole Porter's musical Anything Goes (1934) is thought to be based on McPherson.
Agnes Moorehead's role as Sister Alma in the 1971 thriller film What's the Matter with Helen? was modeled after McPherson.
A television film about the events surrounding her 1926 disappearance, The Disappearance of Aimee (1976) starred Faye Dunaway as McPherson and Bette Davis as her mother.





"Sister Aimee," the first feature dramatic film on the life of Aimee Semple McPherson, screens in Hollywood in April, 2008. Pictured are the period piece film's writer-director Richard Rossi, and his wife Sherrie in 1920's attire.


A film adaptation of the story of her life, entitled Aimee Semple McPherson (2006) was directed by Richard Rossi. The same director filmed a short film Saving Sister Aimee in 2001. (The film was retitled "Sister Aimee: The Aimee Semple McPherson Story" and released on DVD April 22, 2008.) A group of Evangelicals offered to invest $2 million in the film, but with conditions that the movie did not depict McPherson's divorce or drug overdose and that the actor playing the lead be a Pentecostal Christian. Rossi turned them down. "By saying no to conditions that religious people put on me, I feel I'm actually of more service to God and people because I make an honest film," he said.[234] Rossi later penned the prize-winning play "Sister Aimee", honored with a cash award in the 2009 Bottletree One-Act Competition, an international playwriting contest. In 2013, both of Rossi's films on Sister Aimee were released in one collection with new material under the new title, "Richard Rossi 5th Anniversary of Sister Aimee." [235][236]
A documentary about McPherson, entitled Sister Aimee, made for the PBS series American Experience, premiered April 2, 2007.[156]
Several biographies have been written about McPherson.[230]
In the alternate history novel Back in the USSA, she appears as the Secretary of Manpower Resources under President Al Capone.
Escape from Hell (novel) by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle (Tor, 2009), features "Sister Aimee" in Hell after her death, in a supporting role as a guide and saint who is teaching the damned about Dante's route out of Hell.
Scandalous is a musical about the life and ministry of McPherson with the book and lyrics written by Kathie Lee Gifford and music written by composer David Friedman and David Pomeranz; the musical ran in 2011 at the 5th Avenue Theatre in Seattle, and had 29 performances in 2012 at the Neil Simon Theater on Broadway, with McPherson portrayed by Carolee Carmello.
"An Evangelist Drowns" (2007) a one-woman play based on McPherson's life. Includes fictionalized accounts of relationships with Charlie Chaplin and David Hutton.
"Aimee Semple Mcpherson and the Resurrection of Christian America" (2007) A biography by Matthew Avery Sutton that chronicles McPherson's life in context to her influence on culture, politics and religion in America.
"La disparition de Soeur Aimee" (2011) in Crimes et Procès Sensationnels à Los Angeles, book by Nausica Zaballos, pp. 103–140, Paris, E-Dite, (ISBN 978-2-8460-8310-2)
The song "Hooray for Hollywood" lyrics by Johnny Mercer, from the film Hollywood Hotel mentions McPherson. "Where anyone at all from Shirley Temple to Aimee Semple is equally understood."[237][238]
"Aimee: The Gospel Gold Digger", 1932, Rev John D Goben, an Assistant Pastor at Angelus Temple
A production of the musical Saving Aimee, with a book and lyrics by Kathie Lee Gifford and music by David Pomeranz and David Friedman, debuted at the White Plains Performing Arts Center in October 2005 and was staged at the Signature Theatre in Arlington, Virginia, in April and May 2007.[239][240][241]
A play entitled The Wide Open Ocean, a musical vaudeville, was performed at The Actors' Gang theater in Los Angeles. It was written and directed by playwright, director, actor, and educator Laural Meade.[242]
Spit Shine Glisten, (2013) loosely based on the life of McPherson, was performed at California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California.[243][244]
The musical, Vanishing Point, written by Rob Hartmann, Liv Cummins, & Scott Keys, intertwines the lives of evangelist McPherson, aviator Amelia Earhart, and mystery writer Agatha Christie. It is featured as part of the 2010–2011 season at the Carnegie Mellon School of Drama in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In 2007, a one-woman play titled An Evangelist Drowns, written by Gregory J. Thompson is partly based on the life of McPherson, but it explores a fictionalized portrayal of her recalling lost loves, regrets, and remorse in the final hours before her death in 1944.

Publications[edit]

Declaration of Faith, The International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (1920)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1921). The Second Coming of Christ: Is He Coming? How is He Coming? When is He Coming? For Whom is He Coming?. A. McPherson. OCLC 8122641. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1923) [1919]. This is That: Personal Experiences, Sermons and Writings of Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelist. The Bridal Call Publishing House. OCLC 1053806. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1927). In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life. Boni and Liveright. OCLC 513458. 
Perfection, Can a Christian be Perfect?, Echo Park Evangelistic Association (1930)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1936). Give Me My Own God. H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc. OCLC 1910039. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1951). The Story of My Life: In Memoriam, Echo Park Evangelistic Association, Los Angeles. OCLC 1596212. 

See also[edit]

Elmer Gantry
Elmer Gantry (film)
Kobus Van Rensburg
Scandalous: The Life and Trials of Aimee Semple McPherson (2012 Broadway musical)



Biography portal
Christianity portal


References[edit]


^ Obituary Variety, October 4, 1944.
^ http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-30148022
^ a b Williams, George Hunston; Petersen, Rodney Lawrence; Pater, Calvin Augustine (1999), The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, p. 308 .
^ a b c "Aimée Mcpherson in Singapore" (newspaper article). NL. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ Epstein, Daniel Mark, Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson (Orlando: Harcourt Brace & Co., 1993), p. 111.
"The healings present a monstrous obstacle to scientific historiography. If events transpired as newspapers, letters, and testimonials say they did, then Aimée Semple McPherson's healing ministry was miraculous... The documentation is overwhelming: very sick people came to Sister Aimee by the tens of thousands, blind, deaf, paralyzed. Many were healed some temporarily, some forever. She would point to heaven, to Christ the Great Healer and take no credit for the results."
^ "The Incredible Disappearing Evangelist". Smithsonian. Retrieved 2014-05-03. 
^ "RD10Q: Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelical Maverick". Religion Dispatches. 2008-09-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c d e ""Between the refrigerator and the wildfire": Aimee Semple McPherson, pentecostalism, and the fundamentalist-modernist controversy". The free library. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), page 9
^ Sutton, p. 9
^ Sutton, pp. 9–10
^ Epstein, pp. 28–29
^ a b c d Sutton, p. 10
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), pp.79- 81
^ Sutton, p. 58
^ Epstein, pp. 72–73
^ Epstein, pp. 74–76
^ Epstein, pp. 91, 95, 128
^ Sutton, p. 172
^ Epstein, pp. 374–375
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: in 1932, after having to continuously answer questions about McPherson's marriage to Hutton, 33 Foursquare ministers thought this was too much of a distraction and seceded from the Temple and formed their own Pentecostal denomination, the Open Bible Evangelistic Association.
^ Epstein, p. 434
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: Homer Rodeheaver, former singing master for evangelist Billy Sunday, was refused; even when it was suggested she married the wrong man and to try again to have a loving marriage, she responded negatively and redoubled her evangelistic efforts, forsaking personal fulfillment in relationships. McPherson knew Rodeheaver from working with him at the Angeleus Temple and he introduced her to David Hutton. In the case of Rodeheaver, however, biographer Sutton, according to Roberta Star Semple, stated McPherson liked him but not the way he kissed.
^ Aimee May Marry Homer Rodeheaver (North Tonawanda, NY Evening News June 21, 1935)
^ Epstein, p. 172
^ Encyclopedia of Women and Religion in North America, Keller, Rosemary Skinner; Ruether, Rosemary Radford (Indiana University Press, 2006) p. 406-407
^ http://search.proquest.com/docview/1655208322
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), p. 147
^ Epstein, pp. 170–172
^ Epstein, p. 151
^ Epstein, p. 153
^ "Aimee McPherson". Aimee McPherson. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c Blumhofer, p. 246
^ Blumhofer, p. 244
^ More than $65,000 in 2012 dollars.
^ over $320 in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 245
^ More than $3.2 million in 2012 dollars.
^ over US $130 in 2012.
^ Thomas, Lately Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson (Morrow, New York, 1970) p. 32.
^ Bridal Call (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale Blvd, Los Angeles.) October 1929, p. 27
^ Sutton, p. 335
^ Blumhofer, p. 210
^ Epstein, p. 249
^ Sutton, pp. 186–191
^ Blumhofer, p. 269
^ Sutton, pp. 189, 315. Note: author states over 400 dead
^ Blumhofer, p. 348. Note: author indicates 1934 but probably a typo
^ Epstein, p. 369
^ about US $28,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 370
^ Sutton, p. 316
^ a b Sutton, p. 317
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson (1890 - 1944) - Find A Grave Flowers". Findagrave.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Blumhofer, p. 346
^ Blumhofer, p. 348
^ Sutton, p. 194
^ Epstein, pp. 375–376
^ Sutton, pp. 191–192
^ Sutton, p. 195
^ Anthony Quinn, The Original Sin: A Self-Portrait, Little, Brown and Company: Boston (1972), pp. 122–132
^ a b Sutton, p. 72
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 59
^ "Lessons I Learned From Sister Aimee | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 74
^ Epstein, p.252
^ "Inflation Calculator". DollarTimes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ $1 of 1920's to 1930's dollars would be worth around US $11–13 in 2013. See subsequent cites for inflation calculator links.
^ "CPI Inflation Calculator". Data.bls.gov. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.davemanuel.com/inflation-calculator.php>
^ Saunders, Nathan. “Spectacular Evangelist: Aimee Semple McPherson in the Fox Newsreel.” The Moving Image: The Journal of the Association of Moving Image Archivists 14, no. 1 (April 1, 2014): 71–90. doi:10.5749/movingimage.14.1.0071.
^ Epstein, pp. 79–80
^ a b Epstein, p. 156
^ Mavity, Nancy Barr "Sister Aimee;" (Doubleday, Doran,, Incorporated, 1931) p. 47-48
^ Epstein 1993, pp. 107–111
^ Epstein, p. 57
^ Epstein, p. 185
^ Epstein, p. 111
^ Blumhofer, p. 183
^ Von Lackum, Karl C. “Vinton Boasts Only Broadcasting Station in U.S. Owned By Woman”, Waterloo Evening Courier, Iowa, October 14, 1922, p. 7. Note: The first woman to receive a broadcasting license was Mrs. Marie Zimmerman of Vinton, Iowa, in August 1922.
^ Blumhofer, pp. 275–277
^ Updike, John (30 April 2007). "Famous Aimee: The life of Aimee Semple McPherson". The New Yorker. 
^ Epstein, p. 275
^ Epstein, p. 264
^ Schuler, Robert P. McPhersonism: a study of healing cults and modern day tongues movements, January, 1924, p. 3
^ Ben M. Bogard, Bogard-McPherson debate : McPhersonism, Holy Rollerism, miracles, Pentecostalism, divine healing : a debate with both sides presented fully, (Little Rock, Arkansas: Ben M. Bogard, 1934)
^ "Biography of Charles S. Price". Healingandrevival.com. 1947-03-08. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.earstohear.net/Price/testimony.html Note: Divine Healing was a contentious theological area of McPherson's ministry, but she was not alone. Other pastors already had a ministry with alleged successful healings such as James Moore Hickson (1868–1933), an Episcopalian of international renown. Another pastor, Dr. Charles S Price (1887–1947), went to a series of McPherson revival meetings in San Jose, California, to expose the fraud. Instead, he himself was converted and preached McPherson's version of Christianity to his congregation. Reports of purported faith healings began to take place. Price went on to preach as a traveling evangelist who converted tens of thousands along with many instances of miraculous divine healings allegedly occurring.
^ Epstein, pp. 185, 240
^ "Spiritual gifts" given by the Holy Spirit, of which the most well known is speaking in "tongues" the spontaneously speaking in a language unknown to the speaker;, also known as glossolalia. Other gifts include translating the said "tongues."
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2001/sep/30/local/me-51701
^ Los Angeles Times (The Adventures of a Would-Be Raider of the Lost Ark), September 30, 2001.
^ Ralph G. Giordano, Satan in the Dance Hall: Rev. John Roach Straton, Social Dancing, and Morality in 1920's New York City (Scarecrow Press, Oct 23, 2008), p. 167
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University (Truman State University Press, 1999), p. 308
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. London: Harvard University Press, 2007.
^ Sutton, p. 52. Note: Sutton was uncertain if McPherson actually stated the quote as reported by The New Yorker, but she did convey evolution influenced moral-relativist philosophers and believed "survival of the fittest" thinking would have a detrimental effect on society.
^ Sutton, pp. 37, 52
^ Sutton, p. 37
^ Sutton, p. 214
^ Sutton, p. 219
^ Sutton, p. 221
^ Sutton, p. 223
^ "Democratizing the Religious Experience". Xroads.virginia.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ ""Sister Aimee" to Air on PBS | Foursquare News | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, pp. 165, 395
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, ( R.L. Cox and Heritage Committee, California, 1983), pp. 41–42
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life (Boni and Liveright, New York, 1927), p.16. NOTE: Note: Though McPherson, period newspapers and most biographers referred to the woman as "Rose," she later became known in some books and articles as "Mexicali Rose."
^ Melton, J. Gordon The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena, (Visible Ink Press, 2007) p. 218
^ Sutton, p. 103
^ "President Wilson visits L.A. - Framework - Photos and Video - Visual Storytelling from the Los Angeles Times". Framework.latimes.com. 2011-06-20. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Melton, J. Gordon. (2007). The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena. Visible Ink Press. p. 218
^ Epstein, p. 301
^ Sutton, pp. 120–122
^ The San Bernardino County Sun Saturday 25 September 1926, page 1.
^ "Isadora Duncan, Aime Semple McPherson - H. L. Mencken". Ralphmag.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 133–134
^ Epstein, p. 312
^ The People vs.Aimee Semple McPherson, et al., Case CR 29181, 10 January 1927; Superior Court of Los Angeles County, County records and Archives
^ Modesto Bee And News-Herald 20 October 1926, p.1
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist pp. 285-286, 291
^ Cox, pp. 85, 209–211
^ Cox, pp. 71–72
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist, p. 278
^ Epstein, pp. 312-313
^ Cox, pp. 150-151, 152,166.
^ Lately, Thomas The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair (Viking Press, 1959) p. 26
^ Cox, pp. 17–18.
^ The Coshocton Tribune; Coshocton, Ohio January 3, 1927· Page 8
^ about US $6.4 million in 2013
^ Epstein, p. 289
^ about $1,300,000 in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 308
^ Shuler, p. 188. Note: Los Angeles Times, June 1927
^ H.L. Mencken, "Two Enterprising Ladies," American Mercury, v. 13, no. 52 (April 1928) 506-508; quote on 508.
^ Epstein, p. 386
^ a b Sutton, p. 175
^ Epstein, pp. 264, 287
^ Cox, p. 234. Note: Kenneth Ormiston did eventually sell his story to the press, identifying his companion as Elizabeth Tovey.
^ Epstein, pp. 289, 307
^ Sutton, p.135
^ Thomas Vanishing p. 31
^ Cox, pp. 37–38.
^ "McPherson Charged for Slander - U373542ACME - Rights Managed - Stock Photo - Corbis". Corbisimages.com. 1936-12-12. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "John Goben • Webjournals". Webjournals.ac.edu.au. Retrieved 2013-11-15. , Blumhofer, p. 311, Note: Reverend John D. Goben was a successful Midwestern evangelist when he joined the Angeles Temple in 1927. A revival campaign in 1930 by Goben led to the establishment the Stone Church in Toronto, Canada. Goben served as treasurer to the International Foursquare Gospel Lighthouses, an association of satellite churches he helped manage. Because of a dispute with McPherson and her legal counsel, over property ownership by the churches, he was ousted as treasurer. His mounting discontent along with encouragement of some of the Church board members, in part, precipitated his expensive private investigation of McPherson. One evening at a board meeting, Goben, hoping to elicit a confession in lieu of evidence he could not obtain, confronted McPherson with his surveillance. But McPherson, so shocked by what he did, fainted. The board members turned against Goben and he was fired. His bitter departure resulted in his publication of a pamphlet entitled Aimee, the Gospel Gold-Digger. Aimed at Temple supporters, he detailed alleged financial irregularities. A brief grand jury investigation was started, but come to nothing.
^ Epstein, pp. 334, 337
^ "A Lasting Legacy | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 175, 312
^ Cox, p. 241. Note: McPherson was frequently photographed with the image of the Christian Cross, which differs from the crucifix, with its hanging figure of Jesus and its common association with Catholicism. Cox states anecdotally some persons adversarial to McPherson, who heard the Berle story wanted to believe it was true, "but that bit about the crucifix" convinced them otherwise.
^ Sutton, p. 174
^ Cox, p. 241
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, 1983, p. 241
^ Blumhofer, p. 205
^ a b Roberts Liardon, God's Generals: Vol. 7, DVD 2005
^ Sutton, pp. 153–160
^ a b "American Experience . Sister Aimee". PBS. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ She also traveled to England, Scotland and Wales for five weeks of revival services. Press reports, depending upon the sources, described her audiences as either lacking enthusiasm or multitudes filling the altars anxiously awaiting a return visit. "Poor Aimee". Time. October 22, 1928. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Those of the nobility and gentry and middle classes who reflected upon the matter appeared to feel that the Holy Bible still offers a sufficient choice of Gospels. But of course the London mob, the lower classes, rushed to attend the evangelistic First Night of Aimee Semple McPherson 
^ Epstein, pp. 318–320
^ Epstein, p. 325
^ Blumhofer, pp. 308, 317. Note: A month later most of the choir members returned. Their leader, Gladwyn Nichols later returned as well, after publicly apologizing to McPherson.
^ Epstein, p. 341
^ Epstein, p. 343
^ Epstein, p. 356
^ a b Epstein, p. 368
^ a b c "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : The Greatest Nine Days". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, p. 388
^ "Today in History: 15 October 1931: Aimee Semple McPherson Uninvited to Speak at Harvard". Skepticism.org. 1931-10-15. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, Give me my Own God, H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc., 1936
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), p. 233
^ McPherson, Give me my Own God, pp. 88–89
^ "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : Was Aimee Semple McPherson Pentecostal?". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US $2.3 million in 2012
^ US $17 million in 2012
^ Thomas, Storming, pp. 282-284, 297 NOTE: Splivalo did earn a loyal following of disciples at the Angelus Temple, one in particular who was in contentious strife with McPherson. Splivalo gathered a list of purported damaging statements together with the witnesses, places, and times they were allegedly made by McPherson. However, the vocabulary of accused slanderous remarks, as stated in the lawsuit, were inconsistent with McPherson's known public sermons, writings, and statements.
^ Herald-Journal – May 11, 1937
^ United Press, April 15, 1937.
^ Epstein, pp. 413–414
^ US $31,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 416
^ Epstein, p. 427
^ Updike, John. "Famous Aimee". The New Yorker. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America — Matthew Avery Sutton | Harvard University Press". Hup.harvard.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 256
^ Sutton, pp. 256–257
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, Zero Hour Sermon, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ a b c "World War II and Angelus Temple | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 258
^ Aimee Semple McPherson, "Foursquaredom and Uncle Sam," Foursquare Crusader, 14 (February 1942) p. 24
^ Sutton, pp. 264, 333
^ Note: A P47 Thunderbolt fighter was then priced about $85,000, P51 Mustang $50,000, M4 Sherman tank $50,000, B17 Flying Fortress $240,00
^ "Product Prices". Panzerworld.net. 2013-10-22. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Sherman tank - improved M4 models with 76mm gun, protection". Ww2total.com. 1945-04-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US 2 million dollars in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 373
^ Sutton, p. 264
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America, London: Harvard University Press, 2007
^ a b Sutton, p. 263
^ Epstein, p. 438
^ Robinson, Judith Working Miracles The Drama and Passion of Aimee Semple McPherson (James Lorimer & Company Ltd., Publishers, Toronto, 2008) p.104-105
^ Note: In the 1993 obituary for her daughter-in-law, McPherson's life and death are mentioned. "Lorna McPherson, 82, Of the Angelus Temple.". New York Times. June 18, 1993. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Aimee Semple McPherson founded Angelus Temple in the early 1920s, when her brand of fundamentalist Christianity, stressing the "born-again" experience, divine healing and evangelism, was popular in the United States. She died on September 27, 1944, of shock and respiratory failure attributed to an overdose of sleeping pills. 
^ "Sister Aimee's' Death Is Ruled An Accident". United Press International in The Washington Post. October 14, 1944. Retrieved 2008-02-22. Aimee Semple McPherson, famous evangelist who occupied the headlines almost as often as the pulpit, died of shock and respiratory failure "from an accidental over-dosage" of sleeping capsules, a coroner's jury decided today. 
^ $630,000 in 2012 dollars
^ Sutton, p. 270
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 74
^ about $130,000 in 2013
^ about $26,000 in 2013 dollars
^ about $2.5 million in 2013 dollars
^ about US$36 million in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 440
^ http://www.foursquare.org
^ Cox, p. 3. Note: as one example Cox lists, a reporter for The Los Angeles Times, Dial Torgerson, May 18, 1969; writes in his Aimee's Disappearance Remains a Mystery, story, that HC Benedict, owner of the Carmel cottage, was expected to be a witness against McPherson, but died apparently of heart trouble before he could testify. Cox notes that HC Benedict did indeed testify, but on her behalf, denying vehemently the woman with Ormiston was McPherson. HC Benedict died on November 20, 1926, some weeks after all testimony had been concluded.
^ Sutton, p. 278
^ Sutton, p. 275
^ Timothy Tow. "John Sung and the Asian Awakening". Articles.ochristian.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Awake and Go! Global Prayer Network - John Sung". Towel.mysitehosted.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "The Real Conversion Of Dr. John Sung". Rlhymersjr.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, 1999, p. 308
^ Blumhofer, pp.182
^ Lian, Xi, Redeemed by Fire: The Rise of Popular Christianity in Modern China, Yale University Press, 2010 p. 140
^ "Dr. Edwin Louis Cole". Christianmensnetwork.com. 1981-04-24. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Who is more powerful than the president?". Mobile.wnd.com. 2012-06-10. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 277–280
^ Epstein, pp. 108, 229–231
^ Sutton, p. 150
^ There is a God: Debate between Aimee Semple McPherson, Fundamentalist and Charles Lee Smith, Atheist (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale BLVD Los Angeles. CA), 1934
^ Sutton, pp. 275–276
^ Sutton, p. 280
^ Lingeman, p. 283.
^ Sutton, p. 145
^ a b Caleb Crain (2007-06-29). "Notebook: Aimee Semple McPherson". Steamboats Are Ruining Everything. Archived from the original on 17 December 2007. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ "AIMEE!". Canadian Musicals. Retrieved 20 April 2017. 
^ "Vanity Fair's Cutout Dolls – no. 2". Vanity Fair. Archived from the original on 7 February 2008. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930) on IMDb
^ Horwitch, Lauren (February 7, 2006). "Actor Chad Allen's lead role in a $30 million". Backstage. Backstage, LLC. Retrieved January 27, 2016. 
^ "Sister Aimee by Richard Rossi". Bottletreeinc.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Gilbert, Brian (November 5, 2012). "Hallelujah! How Faith Healer Aimee Semple McPherson Inspired the Rip-Roaring New Musical Scandalous". Broadway Buzz. Broadway.com. Retrieved January 9, 2016. 
^ Gottlieb, Robert; Kimball, Robert; Reading Lyrics (Random House LLC, 2000) p. 438
^ Osborne, Jerry; Mr Music column; Lakeland Ledger - Dec 20, 2001 p. 21
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/evitas-lacey-to-join-carmello-for-saving-aimee-musical-complete-cast-announ-128141/print
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/musical-premiere-of-saving-aimee-part-of-dc-signatures-ambitious-new-season-131494
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/carolee-carmello-to-reprise-performance-in-saving-aimee-at-5th-avenue-theat-181239
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2000/may/25/entertainment/ca-33709/2
^ http://theater.calarts.edu/resources/cotsen-center
^ Susan Simpson



Richard R. Lingeman, Sinclair Lewis: Rebel from Main Street, Minnesota Historical Society Press, June 2005, ISBN 978-0-87351-541-2.

Further reading[edit]

Bahr, Robert (April 1979). Least of All Saints: the Story of Aimee Semple McPherson. Prentice-Hall. ISBN 978-0-13-527978-6. OCLC 4493103. 
Blumhofer, Edith L. (1993). Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing. ISBN 978-0-8028-0155-5. OCLC 29184439. 
Cox, Raymond L. (1983). The Verdict is In. R.L. Cox. OCLC 11315268. 
Epstein, Daniel Mark (1 July 1994). Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-15-600093-2. OCLC 26300194. 
Morris, James; Morris, Jan (1973). The Preachers. St. Martin's Press. ISBN 0-900997-41-9. OCLC 704687. 
Sutton, Matthew Avery (31 May 2009). Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. Harvard University Press). ISBN 978-0-674-03253-8. OCLC 77504335. 
Thomas, Lately (1959). The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair. Viking Press. OCLC 1575665. 
Thomas, Lately (1970). Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson. Morrow. OCLC 92194. 
Zaballos, Nausica (23 November 2011). "La disparition de Soeur Aimee". Crimes et procès sensationnels à Los Angeles 1922-1962: Au-delà du Dahlia noir. Paris: E-Dite. pp. 103–140. ISBN 978-2-84608-310-2. OCLC 779750888. 

External links[edit]





This article's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (November 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Works by or about Aimee Semple McPherson at Internet Archive
"Aimee McPherson" Old Time Radio
Foursquare Gospel church
Aimee Semple McPherson biography
Biography from Liberty Harbor Foursquare Gospel Church
Song about the McPherson kidnapping scandal, dating from when it was a current news story. Pete Seeger recorded this on the 1961 album Story Songs.
Woman Thou Art God: Female Empowerment, Spirituality & a biography on Aimee.
The Ballad of Aimee McPherson.
Aimee Semple McPherson on The California Museum's California Legacy Trails
Photo essay on Aimee Semple McPherson's Lake Elsinore Castle retreat
The theatricality of revivalism as exemplified in the artistry of Billy Sunday and Aimee Semple McPherson.
Did McPherson send a "Minions of Satan" message to Herbert Hoover, and another article by the same historian later concluding she did not send such a message.
Aimee Semple McPherson on IMDb
Scandal and Censure: A Reinvestigation of the Socio-Political Forces Surrounding the Disappearance of Aimee Semple McPherson




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 67270403
LCCN: n50007859
ISNI: 0000 0000 8147 5323
GND: 119191474
SUDOC: 084100087










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aimee_Semple_McPherson&oldid=790976823"					
Categories: 1890 births1944 deaths20th-century ChristiansAimee Semple McPhersonAmerican anti-communistsAmerican anti-fascistsAmerican evangelicalsAmerican evangelistsAmerican PentecostalsAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican temperance activistsBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)Canadian evangelicalsCanadian evangelistsCanadian PentecostalsCanadian people of Irish descentChristian creationistsChristian fundamentalistsDrug-related deaths in CaliforniaFaith healersHistory of Los AngelesMembers of the International Church of the Foursquare GospelPeople from Oxford County, OntarioReligious scandalsVaudeville performersActivists from CaliforniaHidden categories: Articles that may be too long from October 2013Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsWikipedia external links cleanup from November 2014Wikipedia spam cleanup from November 2014Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 09:24.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Aimee Semple McPherson - Wikipedia






















 






Aimee Semple McPherson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the 2006 film, see Aimee Semple McPherson (film).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (October 2013)




Aimee Semple McPherson



Sister Aimee, early 1920s



Born
Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy
(1890-10-09)October 9, 1890
Salford, Ontario, Canada


Died
September 27, 1944(1944-09-27) (aged 53)
Oakland, California


Cause of death
Accidental overdose


Resting place
Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery (Glendale)


Known for
Founding the Foursquare Church


Spouse(s)
Robert Semple (1908–10; his death)
Harold McPherson (1912–21; divorced)
David Hutton (1931–34; divorced)


Children
Roberta Semple (b. 1910)
Rolf McPherson (b. 1913)


Parent(s)
James Morgan Kennedy
Mildred Ona Pearce


Aimee Semple McPherson (Aimée, in the original French; October 9, 1890 – September 27, 1944), also known as Sister Aimee or simply Sister, was a Canadian-American Pentecostal evangelist and media celebrity in the 1920s and 1930s,[1] famous for founding the Foursquare Church. McPherson has been noted as a pioneer in the use of modern media, because she used radio to draw on the growing appeal of popular entertainment in North America and incorporated other forms into her weekly sermons at Angelus Temple, one of the first megachurches.[2]
In her time she was the most publicized Christian evangelist, surpassing Billy Sunday and her other predecessors.[3][4] She conducted public faith healing demonstrations before large crowds; testimonies conveyed tens of thousands of people healed.[5][6] McPherson's articulation of the United States as a nation founded and sustained by divine inspiration continues to be echoed by many pastors in churches today.
News coverage sensationalized her misfortunes with family and church members; particularly inflaming accusations she had fabricated her reported kidnapping, turning it into a national spectacle.[7] McPherson's preaching style, extensive charity work and ecumenical contributions were a major influence to Charismatic Christianity in the 20th century.[8][9]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life
1.2 Conversion
1.3 Marriage and family
1.4 Early career
1.5 Career in Los Angeles
1.6 Charitable work


2 Ministry

2.1 Style of ministry
2.2 Faith Healing Ministry
2.3 The "Foursquare Church"


3 Life in the media spotlight

3.1 Media relations
3.2 Politics


4 Reported kidnapping

4.1 Disappearance from Venice Beach
4.2 Return to Los Angeles
4.3 Grand jury inquiry
4.4 After the case dismissal


5 Claims of extramarital affairs

5.1 During her lifetime
5.2 Posthumously


6 Later life and career

6.1 After fallout with press
6.2 Problems with Mildred Kennedy
6.3 Resurrecting her career
6.4 Problems with the Temple


7 War years

7.1 Views on war
7.2 Reaction to war


8 Death
9 Legacy and influence

9.1 Ministry
9.2 Legacy


10 Works about McPherson

10.1 Books, periodicals, films, and plays


11 Publications
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]
McPherson was born Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy on a farm in Salford, Ontario, Canada.[10] She had early exposure to religion through her mother, Mildred (known as "Minnie") who worked with the poor in Salvation Army soup kitchens.
As a child she would play "Salvation Army" with her classmates, and at home she would gather a congregation with her dolls, giving them a sermon.[11] As a teenager, McPherson strayed from her mother's teachings by reading novels and going to movies and dances, activities which were strongly disapproved of by both the Salvation Army and the religion of her father, James Kennedy, a Methodist. Novels, though, made their way into the Methodist Church library and with guilty delight, McPherson would read them. At the movies, she recognized some of her fellow Methodist church members. She learned too, at a local dance she attended, that her dancing partner was a Presbyterian minister. In high school, she was taught Charles Darwin's Theory of Evolution.[12][13] She began to quiz visiting preachers and local pastors about faith and science, but was unhappy with the answers she received.[14] She wrote to the Canadian newspaper, Family Herald and Weekly Star, questioning why taxpayer-funded public schools had courses, such as evolution, which undermined Christianity.[14] This was her first exposure to fame, as people nationwide responded to her letter.[14] While still in high school, after her Pentecostal conversion, McPherson began a crusade against the concept of evolution, beginning a lifelong passion.
Conversion[edit]


Robert and Aimee Semple (1910)


While attending a revival meeting in December 1907, Aimee met Robert James Semple, a Pentecostal missionary from Ireland. There, her faith crisis ended as she decided to dedicate her life to God and made the conversion to Pentecostalism as she witnessed the Holy Spirit moving powerfully.[14]
Marriage and family[edit]
At that same revival meeting, Aimee became enraptured not only by the message that Robert Semple gave, but also with Robert himself. She decided to dedicate her life to both God and Robert, and after a short courtship, they were married on August 12, 1908, in a Salvation Army ceremony, pledging never to allow their marriage to lessen their devotion to God, affection for comrades, or faithfulness in the Army. The pair's notion of "Army" was very broad, encompassing much more than just the Salvation Army. Robert supported them as a foundry worker and preached at the local Pentecostal mission. Together, they studied the Bible, Aimee claiming Robert taught her all she knew; though other observers state she was far more knowledgeable than she let on. After a few months they moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. Durham earlier had visited the mission where the Azusa Street Revival was taking place, returned and applied its teachings. Under Durham's tutelage, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence.[15]




Aimee Semple and her second husband Harold McPherson. For a time Harold traveled with his wife Aimee in the "Gospel Car"as an itinerant preacher himself; helping her to set up tents for revival meetings.


After embarking on an evangelistic tour to China, both contracted malaria. Robert also contracted dysentery, of which he died in Hong Kong. Aimee recovered and gave birth to their daughter, Roberta Star Semple, as a 19-year-old widow. On board a ship returning to the United States, Aimee Semple started a Sunday school class, then held other services, as well, oftentimes mentioning her late husband in her sermons; almost all passengers attended.
Shortly after her recuperation in the United States, Semple joined her mother Minnie working with the Salvation Army. While in New York City, she met Harold Stewart McPherson, an accountant. They were married on May 5, 1912, moved to Providence, Rhode Island and had a son, Rolf Potter Kennedy McPherson, in March 1913.
During this time, McPherson felt as though she denied her "calling" to go preach. After struggling with emotional distress and obsessive–compulsive disorder, she would fall to weep and pray.[16][17] She felt the call to preach tug at her even more strongly after the birth of Rolf. Then in, 1914, she fell seriously ill, and McPherson states she again heard the persistent voice, asking her to go preach while in the holding room after a failed operation. McPherson accepted the voice's challenge, and she suddenly opened her eyes and was able to turn over in bed without pain. One spring morning in 1915, her husband returned home from the night shift to discover McPherson had left him and taken the children. A few weeks later, a note was received inviting him to join her in evangelistic work.[18]




Aimee Semple McPherson and her third husband, David L. Hutton, enjoying their honeymoon breakfast. To avoid news publicity, they chartered a plane to Yuma, Arizona; and were married in a small ceremony. Hutton assisted in some of McPherson's charity work before their divorce in 1934.


Her husband later followed McPherson to take her back home. When he saw her, though, preaching to a crowd, he witnessed her transformation into a radiant, lovely woman. Before long, he became her fellow worker in Christ. Their house in Providence was sold and he joined her in setting up tents for revival meetings and even did some preaching himself.[19] Throughout their journey, food and accommodations were uncertain, as they lived out of the "Gospel Car". Her husband, in spite of initial enthusiasm, wanted a life that was more stable and predictable. Eventually, he returned to Rhode Island and around 1918 filed for separation. He petitioned for divorce, citing abandonment; the divorce was granted in 1921.
She married again on September 13, 1931 to actor and musician David Hutton, followed by much drama, after which she fainted and fractured her skull.[20] While McPherson was away in Europe to recover, she was angered to learn Hutton was billing himself as "Aimee's man" in his cabaret singing act and was frequently photographed with scantily clad women. Hutton's much-publicized personal scandals were damaging the Foursquare Gospel Church and their leader's credibility with other churches.[21] McPherson and Hutton separated in 1933 and divorced on March 1, 1934. McPherson later publicly repented of the marriage, as wrong from the beginning, for both theological[22] and personal reasons[23] and therefore rejected nationally known gospel singer Homer Rodeheaver, a more appropriate suitor, when he eventually asked for her hand in 1935.[24][25]
Early career[edit]
While married to Robert Semple, the two moved to Chicago and became part of William Durham's Full Gospel Assembly. There, Aimee was discovered to have a unique ability in the interpretation of speaking in tongues, translating with stylistic eloquence the otherwise indecipherable utterances of glossolalia. Unable to find fulfillment as a housewife, in 1913, McPherson began evangelizing and holding tent revivals across the Sawdust Trail in the United States and Canada.
After her first successful visits, she had little difficulty with acceptance or attendance. Eager converts filled the pews of local churches which turned many recalcitrant ministers into her enthusiastic supporters. Frequently, she would start a revival meeting in a hall or church and then have to move to a larger building to accommodate the growing crowds. When no buildings were suitable, she set up a tent, which was often filled past capacity.
She wanted to create the enthusiasm a Pentecostal meeting could provide, with its "Amen Corner" and "Halleluiah Chorus", but also to avoid its unbridled chaos as participants started shouting, trembling on the floor, and speaking in tongues, all at once. McPherson organized her meetings with the general public in mind and yet did not wish to quench any who suddenly came into "the Spirit". To this, she set up a "tarry tent or room" away from the general area for any who suddenly started speaking in tongues or display any other Holy Ghost behavior by which the larger audience might be put off.[26]
In 1916, McPherson embarked on a tour of the Southern United States in her "Gospel Car", and again later, in 1918, with her mother, Mildred Kennedy. Mildred was an important addition to McPherson's ministry and managed everything, including the money, which gave them an unprecedented degree of financial security. Their vehicle was a 1912 Packard touring car emblazoned with religious slogans. Standing on the back seat of the convertible, McPherson preached sermons over a megaphone. On the road between sermons, she would sit in the back seat typing sermons and other religious materials. She first traveled up and down the eastern United States, then went to other parts of the country.
By 1917, she had started her own magazine, The Bridal Call, for which she wrote many articles about women’s roles in religion; she portrayed the link between Christians and Jesus as a marriage bond. Along with taking seriously the religious role of women, the magazine contributed to transforming Pentecostalism from a movement into an ongoing American religious presence. [27]
While McPherson was traveling for her evangelical work, she arrived in Baltimore, where she was first "discovered" by the newspapers in 1919, after a day of conducting evangelistic services at the Lyric Opera House.[28] Baltimore became one of the pivotal points for her early career.[29] The crowds, in their religious ecstasy, were barely kept under control as they gave way to manifestations of "the Spirit". Moreover, her alleged faith healings now became part of the public record, and attendees began to focus on that part of her ministry over all else. McPherson also considered the Baltimore Revival an important turning point, not only for her ministry, "but in the history of the outpouring of the Pentecostal power," [30]
Career in Los Angeles[edit]
In late 1918, McPherson came to Los Angeles, a move many at the time were making for better opportunities. Minnie Kennedy, her mother, rented the largest hall they could find, the 3,500-seat Philharmonic Auditorium (known then as Temple Auditorium). People waited for hours to get in, and McPherson could hardly reach the pulpit without stepping on someone.[31] Afterwards, grateful attendees of her Los Angeles meetings built a home for her family and her, which included everything from the cellar to a canary bird.[32] At this time, Los Angeles had become a popular vacation spot. Rather than touring the United States to preach her sermons, McPherson stayed in Los Angeles, drawing audiences from a population which had soared from 100,000 in 1900 to 575,000 people in 1920, and often included many visitors.[33]
Wearied by constant traveling and having nowhere to raise a family, McPherson had settled in Los Angeles, where she maintained both a home and a church. McPherson believed that by creating a church in Los Angeles, her audience would come to her from all over the country. This, she felt, would allow her to plant seeds of the Gospel and tourists would take it home to their communities, still reaching the masses. For several years, she continued to travel and raise money for the construction of a large, domed church building at 1100 Glendale Blvd. in the Echo Park area of Los Angeles. The church would be named Angelus Temple, reflecting the Roman Catholic tradition of the Angelus bell, calling the faithful to prayer, as well its reference to the angels.[34] Not wanting to take on debt, McPherson located a construction firm which would work with her as funds were raised "by faith".[35] She started with $5,000.[36] The firm indicated it would be enough to carve out a hole for the foundation.
McPherson began a campaign in earnest and was able to mobilize diverse groups of people to help fund and build the new church. Various fundraising methods were used, such as selling chairs for Temple seating at US $25[37] apiece. In exchange, "chair-holders" got a miniature chair and encouragement to pray daily for the person who would eventually sit in that chair. Her approach worked to generate enthusiastic giving and to create a sense of ownership and family among the contributors.[38]







Raising more money than she had hoped, McPherson altered the original plans, and built a "megachurch" that would draw many followers throughout the years. The endeavor cost contributors around $250,000[39] in actual money spent. However, this price was low for a structure of its size. Costs were kept down by donations of building materials and volunteer labor.[34] McPherson sometimes quipped when she first got to California, all she had was a car, ten dollars[40] and a tambourine.[34] Enrollment grew exceeding 10,000, and was advertised to be the largest single Christian congregation in the world[41] According to church records, Angelus Temple received 40 million visitors within the first seven years[42]
McPherson intended the Angelus Temple as both a place of worship and an ecumenical center for persons of all Christian faiths to meet and build alliances. A wide range of clergy and laypeople consisted of Methodists, Baptists, the Salvation Army, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Adventists, Quakers, Roman Catholics, Mormons, and even secular civic leaders, who came to the Angelus Temple. They were welcomed and many made their way to her podium as guest speakers.[9] Eventually, even Rev. Robert P. Shuler, a once-robust McPherson critic, was featured as a guest preacher.[43]
Because Pentecostalism was not popular in the United States during the 1920s, McPherson avoided the label. She practiced speaking-in-tongues and faith healing within her services, but kept the former to a minimum in sermons to appease mainstream audiences. Discarded medical fittings from persons faith-healed during her services, which included crutches, wheelchairs, and other paraphernalia; were gathered for display in a museum area. As evidence of her early influence by the Salvation Army, McPherson adopted a theme of "lighthouses" for the satellite churches, referring to the parent church as the "Salvation Navy". This was the beginning of McPherson working to plant Foursquare Gospel churches around the country.
Charitable work[edit]




McPherson (left) prepares Christmas food baskets (about 1935)


McPherson strove to develop a church organization which could not only provide for the spiritual, but also the physical needs of the distressed. Though she fervently believed and preached the imminent return of Jesus Christ,[44] she had no idea of how soon that Second Coming might be. Two thoughts pervaded the mind of most devout Pentecostals of the time, "Jesus is coming, therefore how can I get ready," and "how can I help others to get ready?"
For McPherson, part of the answer was to mobilize her Temple congregation and everyone she could reach through radio, telephone, and word of mouth to get involved in substantial amounts of charity and social work. "True Christianity is not only to be good but to do good," she preached. The Charities and Beneficiary Department collected donations for all types of humanitarian relief to include a Japanese disaster, as well as a German relief fund. Men released from prison were found jobs by a "brotherhood". A "sisterhood" was created, as well, sewing baby clothing for impoverished mothers.[45] Branch churches elsewhere in the country were likewise encouraged to follow the Angelus Temple's example. Even people who considered McPherson's theology almost ridiculous helped out because they saw her church as the best way to assist their community.[46]
In June 1925, after confirming reports of an earthquake in Santa Barbara, McPherson immediately left the parsonage and interrupted a broadcast at a nearby radio station. She took over the microphone from the startled singer and requested food, blankets, clothing, or whatever listeners could give for emergency supplies to assist nearby Santa Barbara. As the Red Cross met to discuss and organize aid, McPherson's second convoy had already arrived at the troubled city.[47] In 1928, after a dam failed and the ensuing flood left up to 600 dead in its wake, McPherson's church led the relief effort.[48] Later, in 1933, an earthquake struck and devastated Long Beach. McPherson quickly arranged for volunteers to be on the scene with blankets, coffee, and doughnuts.[49]




Men wait in line to enter Aimee Semple McPherson's Angelus Temple Free Dining Hall & Commissary, located at 2210 W. Temple Street. At the time she was married to David Hutton and all branding reflected his last name.


Drawing from her childhood experience with the Salvation Army, in 1927, McPherson opened a commissary at Angelus Temple which was devised to assist the needy on a much larger, formalized scale. The Commissary was virtually the only place in town a person could get food, clothing, and blankets with no questions asked. It was open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and became active in creating soup kitchens, free clinics, and other charitable activities as the Great Depression wore on. She fed an estimated 1.5 million people. When the government shut down the free school-lunch program, McPherson took it over. Her policy of giving first and investigating afterward allowed waste and a certain number of deadbeats to leech off the program, but it "alleviated suffering on an epic scale".[50]
McPherson got the fire and police departments to assist in distribution. Doctors, physicians, and dentists were persuaded to staff her free clinic that trained 500 nurses to help treat children and the elderly. She encouraged individuals and companies of all types to donate supplies, food, cash, or labor. To prevent the power from being turned off to homes of overdue accounts during the winter, a $2,000[51] cash reserve was set up with the utility company. Many people, who otherwise would have nothing to do with the Angelus Temple, would receive a call from McPherson, and then loot their mansion closets or company stores for something to give. The Yellow Cab Company donated a large building and, in the first month, 80,000 people received meals there.[52][53]
Laboring under a sign "Everybody and anybody is somebody to Jesus", volunteer workers filled commissary baskets with an assortment of food and other items, as well as Foursquare Gospel literature, and handed them out. Even a complete kit designed to care for newborn babies was available. A reporter wrote he had always thought the breadline was a "drab colorless scar on our civilization", but of the Angelus Temple commissary, he observed, was "the warm garment of sympathy and Christian succor."[54] A note, which reflects the sentiment of many of those who received assistance, was left in June, 2010 at McPherson's virtual gravesite:

"My grandpa always talked about when he was a kid, he and his family moved to California from Missouri, during the depression, and his family was starving and they met you and you gave them a bag of vegetables, and some money, he never forgot it." -Anonymous[55]

Establishing an employment bureau, as well, McPherson desired to help "the discouraged husband, the despondent widow, or the little mother who wants extra work to bear the burden of a sick husband".[56] She expected everyone in her temple to be involved, 'let us ever strive to lighten our brother's load and dry the tears of a sister; race, creed or status make no difference. We are all one in the eyes of the Lord." She encouraged members to think of the commissary as widening "the spirituality of the whole church".[57]




Line of unemployed men getting meals at dining hall run by Aimee Semple McPherson, 1932.


In 1932, the commissary was raided by police to allegedly locate a still used to make brandy out of donated apricots. Some sauerkraut and salad oil were purportedly observed leaking from their respective storage areas. As a consequence, the commissary was briefly shut down. The press got involved and the public demanded an investigation. Since no one really wanted to stall the temple's charity efforts, the acceptable solution was to replace the immediate management. The staff was let go and students from her Foursquare Gospel Church's LIFE Bible College filled in. The newspaper media, generally cynical of the Temple and in particular, of McPherson, recognized "the excellent features of that organization's efforts" and "the faults of the Angelus Temple are outweighed by its virtues".[58] McPherson issued a statement declaring, "They have clashed loud their cymbals and blown their trumpets about a still and some sauerkraut,... our work is still before us. If...anybody abused his trust, it must not happen again."[59]
As McPherson tried to avoid administrative delays in categorizing the "deserving" from the "undeserving", her temple commissary became known as one of the region's most effective and inclusive aid institutions. Few soup kitchens lasted more than several months, but McPherson's remained open.[54] Even as she transformed herself into a fashionable blonde Hollywood socialite, McPherson's vigor and practicality for social activism did not change; she loved organizing big projects.[60] A 1936 survey indicated the Angelus Temple assisted more family units than any other public or private institution in the city. Because her programs aided nonresidents, as well, such as migrants from other states and Mexico, she ran afoul of California state regulations. Though temple guidelines were later officially adjusted to accommodate those policies, helping families in need was a priority, regardless of their place of residence.[61]
Actor Anthony Quinn recalls:

"This was all during the height of the Depression, when hunger and poverty permeated America. Many Mexicans were terrified of appealing for county help because most of them were in the country illegally. When in distress, they were comforted by the fact that they could call one of Aimee's branches at any time of the night. There, they would never be asked any of the embarrassing questions posed by the authorities. The fact that they were hungry or in need of warm clothing was enough. No one even asked if they belonged to Aimee's church or not."[62]

Ministry[edit]
Style of ministry[edit]
In August 1925 and away from Los Angeles, McPherson decided to charter a plane so she would not miss giving her Sunday sermon. Aware of the opportunity for publicity, she arranged for at least 2000 followers and members of the press to be present at the airport. The plane failed after takeoff and the landing gear collapsed, sending the nose of the plane into the ground. McPherson boarded another plane and used the experience as the narrative of an illustrated Sunday sermon called "The Heavenly Airplane".[63] The stage in Angelus Temple was set up with two miniature planes and a skyline that looked like Los Angeles. In this sermon, McPherson described how the first plane had the devil for the pilot, sin for the engine, and temptation as the propeller. The other plane, however, was piloted by Jesus and would lead one to the Holy City (the skyline shown on stage). The temple was filled beyond capacity.




Angelus Temple completed in 1923, is the center of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel founded by McPherson. In 1992, Angelus Temple was designated a National Historic Landmark. It is still in active use.


On another occasion, she described being pulled over by a police officer, calling the sermon "Arrested for Speeding". Dressed in a traffic cop's uniform, she sat in the saddle of a police motorcycle, earlier placed on the stage, and revved the siren.[63] One author in attendance, insisted she actually drove the motorcycle, with its deafening roar, across the access ramp to the pulpit, slammed on the brakes, then raised a white-gloved hand to shout "Stop! You're speeding to Hell!"[64] Since McPherson gave some of her sermons more than once, and with variations, the possibility existed both versions might be true.
McPherson employed a small group of artists, electricians, decorators, and carpenters, who built the sets for each Sunday's service. Religious music was played by an orchestra. McPherson also worked on elaborate sacred operas. One production, The Iron Furnace, based on the book of Exodus, told of God’s deliverance as the Israelites fled slavery in Egypt. Some Hollywood movie stars even assisted with obtaining costumes from local studios. The cast was large, perhaps as many as 450 people, but so elaborate and expensive, it was presented only one time. Rehearsals for the various productions were time-consuming and McPherson "did not tolerate any nonsense." Though described as "always kind and loving", McPherson demanded respect regarding the divine message the sacred operas and her other works were designed to convey.[65]




Aimee Semple McPherson surrounded by massed choirs at Angelus Temple for a musical requiem in 1929.


Even though McPherson condemned theater and film as the devil's workshop, its secrets and effects were co-opted. She became the first woman evangelist to adopt the whole technique of the moving picture star.[66] McPherson desired to avoid the dreary church service where by obligation parishioners would go to fulfill some duty by being present in the pew. She wanted a sacred drama that would compete with the excitement of vaudeville and the movies. The message was serious, but the tone more along the lines of a humorous musical comedy. Animals were frequently incorporated and McPherson, the once farm girl, knew how to handle them. McPherson gave up to 22 sermons a week and the lavish Sunday night service attracted the largest crowds, extra trolleys and police were needed to help route the traffic through Echo Park to and from Angelus Temple.[67] To finance the Angelus Temple and its projects, collections were taken at every meeting, often with the admonishment, "no coins, please".[68][69][70][71]
McPherson preached a conservative gospel, but used progressive methods, taking advantage of radio, movies, and stage acts. Advocacy for women's rights was on the rise, including women's suffrage through the 19th Amendment. She attracted some women associated with modernism, but others were put off by the contrast between her different theories. By accepting and using such new media outlets, McPherson helped integrate them into people’s daily lives. Sister McPherson used the media to her advantage as she became the "first modern celebrity preacher."[72]




Minister Aimee Semple McPherson and a group of tambourine players leading a service at Angelus Temple. She was very innovative in producing weekly dramas illustrating religious themes.


The battle between fundamentalists and modernists escalated after World War I, with many modernists seeking less conservative religious faiths.[73] Fundamentalists generally believed their religious faith should influence every aspect of their lives. McPherson sought to eradicate modernism and secularism in homes, churches, schools, and communities. She developed a strong following in what McPherson termed "the Foursquare Gospel" by blending contemporary culture with religious teachings. McPherson was entirely capable of sustaining a protracted intellectual discourse as her Bible students and debate opponents will attest. But she believed in preaching the gospel with simplicity and power, so as to not confuse the message. Her distinct voice and visual descriptions created a crowd excitement "bordering on hysteria."[74]
The appeal of McPherson's 30 or so revival events from 1919 to 1922 surpassed any touring event of theater or politics ever presented in American history. "Neither Houdini nor Teddy Roosevelt had such an audience nor PT Barnum."[74] Her one- to four-week meetings typically overflowed any building she could find to hold them. She broke attendance records recently set by Billy Sunday[3] and frequently used his temporary tabernacle structures in which to hold some of her meetings. Her revivals were often standing-room only. One such revival was held in a boxing ring, with the meeting before and after the match. Throughout the boxing event, she walked about with a sign reading "knock out the Devil". In San Diego, California, the city called in the National Guard and other branches of the armed forces to control a revival crowd over 30,000 people. She became one of the most photographed persons of her time. She enjoyed the publicity and quotes on almost every subject were sought from her by journalists.
Faith Healing Ministry[edit]
Main article: Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson
McPherson's ability to draw crowds was also greatly assisted by her apparently successful faith healing presentations. Almost by accident she discovered when she laid hands on sick or injured persons, they got well. One early McPherson biographer, Nancy Barr Mavity described the healing power "beyond her conscience [sic] control" and "profoundly troubling" however a phenomenon familiar to the psychiatrist although "none the less [sic] mysterious." [75]
During a 1916 revival meeting in Corona, Long Island, New York, a young woman in the advanced stages of rheumatoid arthritis was brought to the altar by friends. McPherson would have preferred to pray with her privately. However, the woman insisted upon immediate prayer. McPherson laid hands on her and prayed. Before the gathered parishioners, the woman walked out of the church without crutches.[76] McPherson's reputation as a faith healer rapidly became known and the sick and injured people came to her by the tens of thousands.
The Faith Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPherson was extensively written about in the news media and was a large part of her early career legacy.[77] No one has ever been credited by secular witnesses with anywhere near the numbers of faith healings attributed to McPherson, especially during the years 1919 to 1922.[78] Over time, though, she almost withdrew from the faith-healing aspect of her services, since it was overwhelming[79] other areas of her ministry. Scheduled weekly and monthly healing sessions nevertheless remained highly popular with the public until her death in 1944.
The "Foursquare Church"[edit]




Foursquare Church logo


Eventually, McPherson's church evolved into its own denomination and became known as the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (usually referenced as the "Foursquare Church"). Foursquare is an alternative word for Full Gospel (a term used by Pentecostals), referencing the nature of Christ's character: that he was Savior, baptizer with the Holy Spirit, healer, and soon-coming King. The four main beliefs were: the first being Christ's ability to transform individuals' lives through the act of salvation; the second focused on a holy baptism which includes receiving power to glorify and exalt Christ in a practical way; the third was divine healing, newness of life for both body and spirit; and the fourth was gospel-oriented heed to the premillennial return of Jesus Christ.
McPherson published the weekly Foursquare Crusader, along with her monthly magazine, Bridal Call. She began broadcasting on radio in the early 1920s. On a Sunday morning in April 1922, the Rockridge Radio Station in Oakland CA; offered her some radio time and she became the first woman to preach a sermon over the "wireless telephone."[80] With the opening of Foursquare Gospel-owned KFSG on February 6, 1924, she became the second woman granted a broadcast license by the Department of Commerce, the federal agency that supervised broadcasting in the early 1920s.[81]
McPherson racially integrated her tent meetings and church services. On one occasion, as a response to McPherson's ministry and Angelus Temple being integrated, Ku Klux Klan members were in attendance, but after the service, hoods and robes were found on the ground in nearby Echo Park.[82] She is also credited with helping many Hispanic ministries in Los Angeles.[83]
McPherson traveling about the country holding widely popular revival meetings and filling local churches with converts was one thing, settling permanently into their city caused concern among some local Los Angeles churches. Though she shared many of their fundamentalist beliefs, such as divine inspiration of the Bible, the classical Trinity, virgin birth of Jesus, historical reality of Christ's miracles, bodily resurrection of Christ, and the atoning purpose of his crucifixion; the presentation of lavish sermons, and an effective faith-healing ministry presented by a female divorcee whom thousands adored and about whom newspapers continuously wrote, was unexpected. Moreover, the Temple, especially the women, had a look and style uniquely theirs. They would emulate McPherson's style and dress, and a distinct Angelus Temple uniform came into existence, a white dress with a navy blue cape thrown over it.[84] Men were more discreet, wearing suits. Her voice, projected over the powerful state-of-the-art KFSG radio station and heard by hundreds of thousands, became the most recognized in the western United States.[85]




McPherson preaching at the newly built Angelus Temple in 1923: Her messages showcased the love of God, redemption, and the joys of service and heaven, contrasting sharply with the fire-and-brimstone style of sermon delivery popular with many of her peers.


Her illustrated sermons attracted criticism from some clergy members because they thought it turned the Gospel message into mundane theater and entertainment. Divine healing, as McPherson called it, was claimed by many pastors to be a unique dispensation granted only for Apostolic times. Rival radio evangelist Reverend Robert P. Shuler published a pamphlet entitled McPhersonism, which purported that her "most spectacular and advertised program was out of harmony with God's word."[86] Debates such as the Bogard-McPherson debate in 1934[87] drew further attention to the controversy, but none could really argue effectively against McPherson's results.[88][89][90]
The new developing Assemblies of God denomination, Pentecostal as McPherson was, for a time worked with her, but they encouraged separation from established Protestant faiths. McPherson resisted trends to isolate as a denomination and continued her task of coalition-building among evangelicals. McPherson worked hard to attain ecumenical vision of the faith, and while she participated in debates, avoided pitched rhetorical battles that divided so many in Christianity. She wanted to work with existing churches on projects and to share with them her visions and beliefs.
Assisting in her passion was the speedy establishment of LIFE Bible College adjacent to the Angeles Temple. Ministers trained there were originally intended to go nationally and worldwide to all denominations and share her newly defined "Foursquare Gospel." A well-known Methodist minister, Frank Thompson, who never had the Pentecostal experience,[91] was persuaded to run the college, and he taught the students the doctrine of John Wesley. McPherson and others, meanwhile, infused them with Pentecostal ideals. For about a year, Antonia Frederick Futterer, suggested by Los Angeles Times as the inspiration for Steven Spielberg's film character, Indiana Jones, was also a facility member.[92][93] McPherson's efforts eventually led Pentecostals, which were previously unconventional and on the periphery of Christianity, into the mainstream of American evangelicalism.[9]
Life in the media spotlight[edit]
Media relations[edit]
By early 1926, McPherson had become one of the most charismatic and influential women and ministers of her time. Her fame equaled, to name a few, Charles Lindbergh, Johnny Weissmuller, Jack Dempsey, Babe Ruth, Ty Cobb, Knute Rockne, Bobby Jones, Louise Brooks, and Rudolph Valentino.[94] She was a major American phenomenon, who along with some other high-profile preachers of the time, unlike Hollywood celebrities, could be admired by their adoring public, "without apparently compromising their souls."[95]
According to Carey McWilliams, she had become "more than just a household word: she was a folk hero and a civic institution; an honorary member of the fire and police departments; a patron saint of the service clubs; an official spokesman for the community on problems grave and frivolous."[96] She was influential in many social, educational and political areas. McPherson made personal crusades against anything that she felt threatened her Christian ideals, including the drinking of alcohol and teaching evolution in schools.
McPherson became a strong supporter of William Jennings Bryan during the 1925 Scopes trial, in which John Scopes was tried for illegally teaching evolution at a Dayton, Tennessee, school. Bryan and McPherson had worked together in the Angelus Temple and they believed Darwinism had undermined students' morality. According to The New Yorker, McPherson said, evolution "is the greatest triumph of Satanic intelligence in 5,931 years of devilish warfare, against the Hosts of Heaven. It is poisoning the minds of the children of the nation."[97] She sent Bryan a telegram saying, "Ten thousand members of Angelus Temple with her millions of radio church membership send grateful appreciation of your lion-hearted championship of the Bible against evolution and throw our hats in the ring with you."[98] She organized "an all-night prayer service, a massive church meeting preceded by a Bible parade through Los Angeles."[99]
Politics[edit]
While her mother Mildred Kennedy was a registered Democrat, no one was certain of McPherson's registration. She endorsed Herbert Hoover over Franklin D. Roosevelt, but enthusiastically threw her support behind the latter and his social programs when he was elected into office.[100] She was a patron of organized labor, preaching a gangster's money was "no more unclean than the dollars of the man who amasses his millions from underpaid factory workers".[101] She was more cautious, though, when labor strikes resulted in violent uprisings. She saw in them the possible activities of Communism, which sought to infiltrate labor unions and other organizations. McPherson intensely disliked Communism and its derivatives as they sought to rule without God; their ultimate goal, she believed, was to remove Christianity from the earth. McPherson's opinion of fascism fared no better; its totalitarian rule was wrongly justified by claiming to represent the power of God.[102]
McPherson did not align herself consistently with any broad conservative or liberal political agenda. Instead, she explained if Christianity occupied a central place in national life, and if the components of God, home, school and government were kept together, everything else would fall into place. "Remove any of these," she warned, "and [civilization] topples, crumbles."[103][104] Current Foursquare Gospel Church leaders qualify the evangelist's views: "McPherson’s passion to see America sustained in spiritual health, which compelled her quest to see the Church influence government, must be interpreted in light of the political and religious climate of the 1920s, 30s, and 40s. It is not accurate to draw a parallel between today’s extreme fundamentalist, right-wing Christianity and the style or focus of Sister McPherson."[105] She was also among the first prominent Christian ministers to defend the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine. She related that when Christ returns, the Jews would receive him, their suffering will end, "and they will establish at Jerusalem a kingdom more wonderful than the world has known."[106]
Reported kidnapping[edit]
Disappearance from Venice Beach[edit]
Main article: Reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson




Minnie Kennedy doing radio interview with deep-sea diver R.C. Crawford during search for McPherson's body in Santa Monica, Calif., 1926


The reported kidnapping of Aimee Semple McPherson caused a frenzy in national media and changed her life and the course of her career. After disappearing in May, 1926, she reappeared in Mexico five weeks later, stating she had been held for ransom in a desert shack there. The subsequent grand-jury inquiries over her reported kidnapping and escape precipitated continued public interest in her future misfortunes.
On May 18, 1926, McPherson went with her secretary to Ocean Park Beach north of Venice Beach to swim. Soon after arriving, McPherson was nowhere to be found. It was thought she had drowned. Searchers combed the beach and nearby area, but could not locate her body. The Angelus Temple received letters and calls claiming knowledge of McPherson, including demands for ransom. McPherson sightings occurred around the country, often in widely divergent locations many miles apart on the same day. As a precaution, the ransom notes were sent to the police who investigated at least one of them. Mildred Kennedy, though, regarded the messages as hoaxes, believing her daughter dead.[107]
As the Angelus Temple prepared for a memorial service commemorating McPherson's death, Kennedy received a phone call from Douglas, Arizona. Her daughter was alive. The distraught McPherson was resting in a Douglas hospital and related her story to officials.




After emerging from the Mexican desert, McPherson convalesces in a hospital with her family in Douglas, Arizona, 1926. District Attorney Asa Keyes stands to the far left with Mildred Kennedy (mother) next to Roberta Star Semple, middle left (daughter). On the far right, Deputy District Attorney Joseph Ryan is alongside her son, Rolf McPherson.


On the beach, May 19, 1926, McPherson said she had been approached by a young couple who wanted prayer for their sick child. McPherson went with them to their car and was suddenly shoved inside. A cloth, presumably laced with chloroform, was held against her face, causing her to pass out. Eventually, she was moved to an adobe shack far in the desert. Two kidnappers, Steve and Rose,[108] were her constant companions, with a third unnamed man, occasionally visiting. When at last, all her captors were away on errands, she escaped out a window.
Using a mountain as a landmark, she traveled through the desert for around 11–13 hours across an estimated distance of 20 miles (32 km). Around 1:00 am she reached Agua Prieta, Sonora, a Mexican border town, and collapsed near a house there. She was assisted by the residents and finally taken to adjacent Douglas.
Return to Los Angeles[edit]
After leaving Douglas, McPherson was greeted at the Los Angeles train station by 30,000–50,000 people, more than for almost any other personage.[109] The parade back to the temple even elicited a greater turnout than President Woodrow Wilson's visit to Los Angeles in 1919, attesting to her popularity and the growing influence of mass media entertainment.[110][111][112] Already incensed over McPherson's influential public stance on evolution and the Bible, most of the Chamber of Commerce and some other civic leaders, saw the event as gaudy display; nationally embarrassing to the city. Many Los Angeles area churches were also annoyed.
The story received nationwide coverage. Then, speculations, together with alleged witnesses, began to emerge that her disappearance might have been caused by other than the kidnapping event McPherson described. Against the wishes of her mother, who thought the press would continue to unfavorably exploit the story, McPherson decided for vindication and presented her complaint in court. A grand jury inquiry convened to determine if enough evidence could be found to indict any kidnappers. However, pressured by various influential community groups, the court instead intensely investigated McPherson, her family, and acquaintances to determine if the kidnapping was fabricated.[113][114] District Attorney Asa Keyes led the prosecution against her. He was known for winning convictions, but six persons he sent to prison were found to be innocent and pardoned by the state governor.[115]
Grand jury inquiry[edit]
The grand jury inquiries were first convened on July 8, 1926, adjourned and reconvened, holding sessions through the summer of 1926 accompanied by intense media interest. The proceedings were supposed to be secret as per California law, though the Los Angeles court spoke about it to the newspapers.[116] Issues of trial by media and court of public opinion were apparent, as much of the proclaimed evidence against McPherson came from reporters who featured it in their news articles and passed it on to the police. McPherson also eschewed secrecy and freely used her radio station to broadcast her side of the story. Evidence and testimonies were hotly debated by an evenly divided public. On November 3, the case was determined to be moved to jury trial set for mid-January, 1927. Along with McPherson and her mother, several other defendants were charged in the inquiry. If convicted, the counts added up to maximum prison time of 42 years.[117][118][119]
Various speculations were proffered by the news media and prosecution as to the reason for McPherson's disappearance. The one they settled on most strongly was she ran off with an ex-employee, Kenneth Ormiston. She was accused of staying with him in a California resort town cottage until May 29. The time frame of Ormiston's seaside cottage rental coincided with the first 10 days of her disappearance. However, a missing three-week period afterwards was not accounted for with any evidence in court by the prosecution. In response, the evangelist maintained all along, without changing anything in her story, that she was taken, held captive by the kidnappers, and escaped as she originally described.
As the prosecution tried to break down her story, defense witnesses corroborated her assertions [120][121][122][123] or McPherson herself demonstrated how the disputed parts were plausible[124] In contrast, the prosecution's case developed serious credibility issues. Witnesses changed their testimonies[125] and evidence often had suspicious origins[126] or was mishandled while in custody[127][128] Finally, on January 2, 1927, Ormiston identified Elizabeth Tovey, a nurse from Seattle, Washington, as his female companion and the woman who stayed with him at the seaside cottage.[129] All charges against McPherson and associated parties were dropped by the court for the lack of evidence on January 10, 1927.
After the case dismissal[edit]
Regardless of the court's decision, months of unfavorable press reports fixed in much of the public's mind a certainty of McPherson's wrongdoing. The newspapers had a vested interest in keeping the controversy going, since it generated huge sales. The bulk of the investigation against McPherson was funded by Los Angeles-area newspapers at an estimated amount of $500,000.[130][131]
Some supporters thought McPherson should have insisted on the jury trial and clear her name. The grand jury inquiry concluded while enough evidence did not exist to try her, it did not indicate her story was true with its implication of kidnappers still at large. Court costs to McPherson were estimated to be as high as $100,000.[132][133] A jury trial could take months. McPherson moved on to other projects. In 1927, she published a book about her version of the kidnapping: In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life.
Various influential individuals offered their opinions on the inquiry. In a letter to the Los Angeles Times, a few months after the case was dropped, the Reverend Robert P. Shuler stated, "Perhaps the most serious thing about this whole situation is the seeming loyalty of thousands to this leader in the face of her evident and positively proven guilt."[134]
H.L. Mencken, noted journalist, satirist, cultural critic, and scholar and an ideological opponent of McPherson, opposite each other in the 1925 Scopes "Monkey" trial, also commented. He wrote that since many of that town's residents acquired their ideas "of the true, the good and the beautiful" from the movies and newspapers, "Los Angeles will remember the testimony against her long after it forgets the testimony that cleared her."[135]
Claims of extramarital affairs[edit]
During her lifetime[edit]
Numerous allegations of illicit love affairs[136] were often directed against McPherson. Suspected lovers generally denied involvement.[137] For example, Kenneth Ormiston, a married man with a small son,[138] could have profited immensely from an exposé about himself and McPherson.[139] Whether the two had a good working relationship and were friendly with each other was not disputed. During the 1926 kidnapping grand jury trial, reporters and investigators tried to link him amorously to McPherson.[140][141] Ormiston told newspapers his name connected in such a way to the evangelist "was a gross insult to a noble and sincere woman."[142][143]




McPherson was often the target of numerous unsubstantiated sexually related allegations. As reported by the Los Angeles Times, June 4, 1936, this photograph depicts the evangelist reading a note demanding $10,000, else nude motion pictures of her and a friend would be publicly released. When inquired about it in an unrelated interview later that year, she tersely stated nude pictures of her did not exist because none were ever taken.[144]


Alarmed by her rapidly changing style of dress and involvement with Hollywood and its "worldly" lifestyle, in 1929, an Angelus Temple official[145] hired detectives to shadow McPherson. Through her windows, the detectives frequently saw McPherson staying up until the early morning hours composing songs, drafting sacred operas, and scribbling diagrams of her illustrated sermons.[146] They were looking for evidence of her indiscretions, but found nothing. No confirmation of adulterous misconduct,[137] with perhaps exception of her third marriage as a violation of Church tenets, was ever presented. McPherson herself, aware of numerous accusations leveled at her throughout her career, responded only to a small fraction of them, conveying the only thing she had time for was "preaching Jesus".[147]
Posthumously[edit]
Posthumously, unsubstantiated allegations of extramarital affairs continued to emerge, this time by those who stated to have been her partner, claims not mentioned by them or others while she was still alive. Canadian journalist Gordon Sinclair implied such a claim in his 1966 autobiography, Will the Real Gordon Sinclair Please Stand Up. Sinclair stated he worked on a story with McPherson and during one of those times in 1934, the incident purportedly occurred. Sinclair alluded to a sexual dalliance with McPherson one afternoon along with some gin and ginger.[148]
Thirty years after her death, another claim by comedian Milton Berle, in a 1974 autobiography, alleges a brief affair with the evangelist. In his book, titled Milton Berle: An Autobiography, Berle asserts he met McPherson at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles where both were doing a charity show. Biographer Matthew Avery Sutton commented, "Berle, a notorious womanizer whose many tales of scandalous affairs were not always true, claimed to have had sex with McPherson on this and one other occasion", both during a year when McPherson was often ill and bedridden. Sutton noted that Berle's story of a crucifix[149] in McPherson's bedroom was not consistent with the coolness of Pentecostal-Catholic relations during that era.[150] Another book by Milton Berle, Laughingly Yours, which had autobiographical content that was published in 1939 while McPherson was still alive, did not have this claim.[151]
Author Raymond L. Cox states: "Mrs. McPherson's daughter, Roberta Salter of New York, told me, 'Mother never had an apartment in her life.' By 1931, she kept herself securely chaperoned to guard against such allegations." During 1930, the evangelist's appearances and whereabouts can be traced almost every day. She was incapacitated with illness a full five months of that year, and there is no place on her schedule as reported in her publications and church and travel records for the benefit Berle alleged. Besides, Roberta also told Cox, "Mother never did a benefit in her life. She had her own charities".[152]
Later life and career[edit]




McPherson surrounded by flowers, cutting into Angelus Temple cake, 1927. Not one for settling into a predictable routine, she used her birthday, national holidays and other events as themes for church services and gala festivities.


After fallout with press[edit]
Following her heyday in the 1920s, McPherson carried on with her ministry, but fell out of favor with the press. They once dubbed her the "miracle worker"[153] or "miracle woman", reporting extensively on her faith-healing demonstrations, but now were anxious to relay every disturbance in her household to the headlines. Her developing difficulties with her mother, Mildred Kennedy, were starting to take the front page. Yet, McPherson emerged from the kidnapping nationally famous. As much as 10% of the population in Los Angeles held membership in her Temple.[154] For a time, movie studios competed with each other offering McPherson long-term contracts.
Believing that talking pictures had the potential to transform Christianity, McPherson explored Hollywood culture and appeared in newsreels alongside other famous individuals such as Mary Pickford, Frances Perkins, and Franklin D. Roosevelt. She lost weight, cut and dyed her hair, began to wear makeup and jewelry, and became stylish and well-attired. A critic wrote McPherson "can out-dress the Hollywood stars". The solicitation of fame, justified to draw audiences to her and hence to Christ, was more than some in her church organization could accept. They yearned for Sister Aimee "in the old time dress," referring to her previous "trademarked" uniform of a navy cape over a white servant's dress, both purchased inexpensively in bargain basements.[155] Other members, though, loved it, and her Angelus Temple services were as popular as ever and remained so throughout her life. Unless parishioners arrived to a service early, frequently they could not get in; all seats were taken. Now that she could afford it, McPherson thought, as well, she wanted her apparel and display to be the best she could present to Jesus.[154][156]
In early 1927, McPherson immediately set out on a "vindication tour", visiting various cities and taking advantage of the publicity her kidnapping story created to preach the Gospel.[157] Her visit to New York in fox-furs and a finely trimmed yellow suit was noted in the society pages. She visited even nightclubs, to include a famous speakeasy in New York: Texas Guinan’s Three Hundred Club on 54th Street. While McPherson sipped water at her table, Guinan asked if she would speak a few words to the patrons. Delighted, McPherson stood and addressed the jazzed and boozy crowd:

"Behind all these beautiful clothes, behind these good times, in the midst of your lovely buildings and shops and pleasures, there is another life. There is something on the other side. “What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?” With all your getting and playing and good times, do not forget you have a Lord. Take Him into your hearts."

The unexpected speech that did not judge, and had a conciliatory tone between them and the Divine, earned a thoughtful moment of silence from the crowd, then an applause that went on for much longer than the speech took. The revelers were invited to hear her preach at the Glad Tidings Tabernacle on 33rd Street. The visits to speakeasies and nightclubs added to McPherson's notoriety; newspapers reported heavily on them, rumors erroneously conveyed she was drinking, smoking and dancing; and her mother along with some other church members, did not understand McPherson's strategy of tearing down barriers between the secular and religious world, between the sinner and the saved.[158]
Problems with Mildred Kennedy[edit]




Without Mildred Kennedy's conservative financial management, replacement administrators embarked on a spread of ambitious projects that often failed. An example of this was Lake Tahoe lot deals of which the cover of an alleged prospectus describes. Not enough parcels of land were purchased and the subsequent lawsuit brought by investors drew unfavorable publicity and the attention of the district attorney's office.


In the summer of 1927, Mildred Kennedy, McPherson's mother, left the Angelus Temple. In an attempt to curtail her daughter's influence and officially transfer more power to herself, Kennedy initiated a staff-member "vote of confidence" against McPherson, but lost. The two had heatedly argued over management polices and McPherson's changing personal dress and appearance.[159] For similar reasons, 300 members of the choir left, as well. The choir could be replaced;[160] however, Kennedy's financial and administrative skills had been of crucial importance in growing McPherson's ministry from tent revivals to satellite churches and maintaining its current activities in the Temple. A series of less able management staff replaced Kennedy, and the Temple became involved in various questionable projects such as hotel building, cemetery plots, and land sales. Accordingly, the Angelus Temple plummeted deep into debt. In response to the difficulties, Kennedy came back in late 1929, but because of continued serious disagreements with McPherson, tendered her resignation on July 29, 1930.[161] The following month, McPherson suffered a physical and nervous breakdown. For 10 months, she was absent from the pulpit, diagnosed, in part, with acute acidosis.[162]
Resurrecting her career[edit]
When she gained strength and returned, she introduced with renewed vigor her moving "Attar of Roses" sermon, based on the Song of Solomon, with its Rose of Sharon as the mystical Body of Christ. While journalists attending her Sunday illustrated sermons assumed her language was fit only for slapstick or sentimental entertainment, scholars who have studied her work for Bible students and small prayer groups, found instead the complex discourse of neoplatonic interpretation. The Old Testament book, the Song of Solomon, for example, she had hundreds of pages written about it, each "different from one another as snowflakes".[163]
The October 10–18, 1931, revival in Boston started out sluggishly and many predicted its failure. A Los Angeles newspaper ran headlines of the flop and expected more of the same in the days to come. On opening night, McPherson spoke to fewer than 5,000 persons in the 22,000-seat sports arena, and safety pins and rubber bands abundantly cluttered the collection baskets. The city had large populations of Unitarians, Episcopalians, and Catholics, venerable denominations traditionally hostile to a Pentecostal or fundamentalist message. Afterwards, from her hotel room, McPherson, known to be a sports fan, asked for the afternoon's World Series scores and a Boston Herald reporter sent her a copy of the Sunday edition. The next day, the "Bring Back the Bible to Boston" campaign's tone shifted as McPherson took greater control and attendance climbed sharply.[164][165]
A reporter took note of McPherson's stage presence, different from any other evangelist who spoke there, gesturing with her white Bible for effect, as well as preaching. Answering him as to why she presented a dramatic sermon, she stated, "Our God is a dramatic God,... rolling back the Red Sea,... Elijah on the mountaintop,... the crucifixion, the resurrection, His ascension,... tongues of fire on the day of Pentecost." The final day of afternoon and evening services had 40,000 persons attending, the stadium was full, and more than 5,000 had to be turned away. A total of 160,000 people attended the meetings, breaking historic attendance records of any nine days of revival services in Boston.[165]
Her revival in New York City was not very fruitful, as her sensationalistic reputation preceded her. The third marriage to David Hutton, rumored romances, and her kidnapping was what its press and citizens wanted to hear about. Therefore, after a brief pause in New York and Washington, DC, she went on Philadelphia and other cities, traveling to 46 of them in 21 states, speaking to as much as 2% of the entire population of the United States. A full crew of musicians, scene designers, and costumers accompanied McPherson. In this, her last national revival tour, between September 1933 and December 20, 1934, two million persons heard 336 sermons. Many more were reached by 45 radio stations.[166]
The Boston Evening Traveler newspaper reported:

"Aimee's religion is a religion of joy. There is happiness in it. Her voice is easy to listen to. She does not appeal to the brain and try to hammer religion into the heads of her audience. Rather, she appeals to the hearts of her hearers. She radiates friendliness. She creates an atmosphere that is warming. She is persuasive, rather than forceful; gracious and kindly, rather than compelling. Fundamentally she takes the whole Bible literally, from cover to cover."[165]

Nevertheless, she was not a radical literalist. In an informal meeting with some Harvard students, McPherson told them that Genesis allowed great latitude of interpretation, and that neither she nor the Bible insisted the world was created only 6,000 years ago.[167] In another meeting with students, she heard their assertion the teachings of Christ have outlived their usefulness; education, science and cold reasoning were the new saviors of the world. Thus compelled, McPherson decided to travel and look at the world with new eyes.[168] In 1935, McPherson embarked on a worldwide six-month discovery tour to examine the social, religious, and economic climates of many countries. At one point, it was earlier reported she wanted to study the women's movement in connection with the campaign for the independence of India, and was anxious to have "a chat with Mahatma Gandhi".[4] She received an invitation from him and he gave her a sari made from threads woven from his simple spinning wheel. Impressed with Gandhi and his ideas, McPherson thought he might secretly lean towards Christianity, his dedication possibly coming from catching "a glimpse of the cleansing, lifting, strengthening power of the Nazarene".[169]
Other highlights included traversing barefoot, in Myanmar, the lengthy stone path to the Great Pagoda, a gold-covered 325-ft tiered tower enshrining relics of four Buddhas, which caught and reflected the rays of the sun, a "vision of breath-taking glory."[170] She heard Benito Mussolini speak in Italy, and fretted war would again ensue. In the rain, at Verdun, France, she sat on a wrecked military vehicle in mournful contemplation of the hundreds of thousands who died on the still-uncleared battlefield. White, bleached bones of the fallen poked out of the earth, and nearby, laborers toiled carefully at their dangerous iron harvest, collecting old munitions for disposal.
In mid-1936, a delegation who had been involved with the 1906 Azusa Street Mission Revivals, including Emma Cotton, asked if they could use the Angelus Temple for their 30th Anniversary Celebration. The original mission building was demolished and its land unavailable. African American Evangelist Emma Cotton and McPherson therefore organized a series of meetings which also marked her enthusiastic reidentification with the Pentecostal movement. McPherson's experiments of Hollywood celebrity ambitions coexisting with her ministry were not as successful as she hoped. Alliances with other church groups were failing or no longer in effect, and she searched for ways to start again. Therefore, she looked to her spiritual origins and allowed for the possibility of reintroducing even the more alarming aspects of the Pentecostal experience into her public meetings. Temple officials were concerned the Azusa people might bring in some "wildfire and Holy Rollerism". McPherson indicated she would turn hand springs with them as needed to see the power of God manifest.
The Azusa Street Revival commemoration events brought numbers of black leaders to her pulpit. The original attendees of the Azusa revivals filled the Angelus Temple along with every ethnic minority, "the saints who were once smelted together with the fires of Pentecost" were "being reunited, rewelded, and rejuvenated." McPherson recommitted herself to the dissemination of "classic Pentecostalism", and her concern now was that Foursquaredom was in the danger of becoming too "churchy". For the first time since the Temple opened, McPherson began to publicly deliver some of her messages in tongues. McPherson traversed the line between cold formality and wildfire and now decided it was easier to cool down a hot fanatic than to resuscitate a corpse. Future meetings to celebrate the Azusa Street Revivals included guest Charles H. Mason, a founder of the Churches of God in Christ. Mason, an Azusa leader, was also one of the most significant African American religious figures in United States history and was frequently hosted at the Angelus Temple.[171]




Roberta Star Semple, (left) McPherson's daughter; Aimee Semple-McPherson (middle); and Rheba Crawford Splivalo, assistant pastor,(right) at a parade in 1935


Problems with the Temple[edit]
Also in 1936, McPherson reassigned staff responsibilities in an effort to address the Temple's financial difficulties. This, together with other unresolved issues, accelerated simmering tensions among various staff members. Rumors circulated that "Angel of Broadway", charismatic evangelist Rheba Crawford Splivalo, who had been working extensively with McPherson for several years, planned to take the Angelus Temple from her. McPherson asked Splivalo to "leave town".[164] In the course of the staff controversy, McPherson's lawyer issued a strongly worded press release that upset Roberta Star Semple, McPherson's daughter, and led her to initiate a $150,000[172] lawsuit against him for slander. Splivalo also sued McPherson for $1,080,000[173] because of alleged statements calling her a ‘Jezebel and a Judas’ and "unfit to stand in the Angelus Temple pulpit".[174][175]
The two lawsuits filed by Semple and Splivalo were not related, but McPherson did not see it that way. She saw both as part of the Temple takeover plot. McPherson's mother was also involved and sided with Semple, her granddaughter, making unflattering statements about McPherson to the press. In these charged circumstances, McPherson's defense of herself and her lawyer in a public trial was dramatic and theatrical. She testified tearfully with swoons and faints about how her daughter conspired with others against her.[176] Her daughter's lawyer, meanwhile, mocked McPherson by imitating her mannerisms and making faces at her.[177] The trial did much to estrange McPherson from her daughter. The judge ruled for Semple, giving a $2,000[178] judgment in her favor. Semple then moved to New York. Splivalo and the Temple settled their suit out of court for the "cause of religion and the good of the community."[179]
With Kennedy, Semple, and Splivalo gone, the Temple lost much of its talented leadership. However, McPherson found a competent and firm administrator in Giles Knight, who was able to bring the Temple out of debt, dispose of the 40 or so lawsuits, and eliminate the more spurious projects. He sequestered McPherson, allowed her to receive only a few personal visitors, and carefully regulated her activities outside the Temple. This period was one of unprecedented creativity for McPherson. No longer distracted by waves of reporters, reams of lawsuits, and innumerable individuals demanding her attention, she became very accomplished in her illustrative sermon style of Gospel preaching. The irreligious Charlie Chaplin would secretly attend her services, enjoying her sermons. She later met and consulted with Chaplin on ways to improve her presentations. McPherson, who earlier blared across newspaper headlines as many as three times a week, in one alleged scandal or another, had her public image much improved. Her adversary, Reverend Robert P. Shuler, who previously attacked her by radio, magazine, pulpit, and pamphlet, proclaimed "Aimee's missionary work was the envy of Methodists".[180] He also expressed his support of her Foursquare Church application admittance into National Association of Evangelicals for United Action in 1943.[9]
Her efforts at making interracial revival a reality at Angelus Temple continued. She welcomed blacks into the congregation and pulpit. While race riots burned Detroit in 1943, McPherson publicly converted the notorious black former heavyweight champion Jack Johnson on the Temple stage and embraced him “as he raised his hand in worship”.[181][182]
War years[edit]
Views on war[edit]
Pacifism, which was a component of Pentecostalism, was evaluated by the Foursquare Gospel Church in the 1930s with official statements and documents which were further revised by McPherson. A press quote attributed to McPherson, in reference to Mahatma Gandhi, appears to explore the concept, "I want to incorporate the ideals of India with my own...."[4] Additionally, Clinton Howard, the chairman of the World Peace Commission, was invited to speak at the Angelus Temple. In 1932, she promoted disarmament, "If the nations of the world would stop building warships and equipping armies[,] we would be all but overwhelmed with prosperity."[183]
Foursquare leaders, alarmed at rapid changes of technology, especially sea and air, which challenged the United States' isolation and security, decided to officially draw up an amendment inclusive of varied opinions in regards to military service. The idea that one could trust to bear arms in a righteous cause, as well as believing the killing of others, even in connection to military service, would endanger their souls; both views were acceptable.[184]
Reaction to war[edit]
McPherson kept a canny eye on the international events leading up to the Second World War, citing the probability of a much more terrible conflict than the one that passed 20 years earlier. In a sermon, she described a recently conquered country which had the Cross and other religious symbols in their schools removed; in their place was a portrait of a certain man. Instead of prayer, their school day began with a distinctive salute to this person. The destructive apocalypse of John the Apostle, with its expected high civilian casualties, followed by the Second Coming of Christ, it seemed, was at hand. Even if submarines were hiding in the depths of the sea, they could not escape the terror that would befall them.[185]




Congregation at Angelus Temple during 14-hour Holy Ghost service led by Aimee Semple McPherson, Los Angeles, Calif., 1942


All-night prayer meetings were held Friday nights at the Angelus Temple, starting in 1940, the year when Germany was overrunning Belgium, the Netherlands, and France. She asked other Foursquare churches around the country to follow suit. She sent President Franklin Roosevelt's secretary, Mr. Stephen Early, as well as some other leaders, an outline of her plans. Prayer, to her, was even more powerful than the implements of war. Various officials expressed their appreciation, including the governor of California.[186] Early passed on a reply back from Roosevelt: a message of thanks for her work. A month later, Roosevelt declared a National Day of Prayer to "beseech the Ruler of the Universe to bless our Republic." Foursquare leaders thought McPherson may have inspired it, and perhaps the President of the United States was looking to her for spiritual leadership of the nation.[187]
At the outbreak of World War II, McPherson rejected the Christian pacifism of many in the Pentecostal movement, including those of her own church. Her mind was set on doing what ever it took to assist the United States in winning the war, "It is the Bible against Mein Kampf. It is the Cross against the Swastika. It is God against the antichrist of Japan,... This is no time for pacifism."[188] The Angelus Temple itself became a visible symbol of home front sacrifice for the war effort. If necessary, it was announced, the building could be used for an air raid shelter. The distinctive white dome was painted over with black paint and its beautiful stained-glass windows were covered up. The Temple, like other buildings in the city, had to have any opening or window that could emit visible light at night, covered. One evening in May 1942, to advertise the need to conserve gasoline and rubber, McPherson herself drove a horse and buggy to the Angelus Temple.[186]
Rubber and other drives were organized, and unlimited airtime on her radio station, KFSG, was given to the Office of War Information. She asked parishioners and other listeners to donate two hours a day for such tasks as rolling bandages "so that a soldier's bandage could be changed.... And let us give our blood to help every one." Money was raised to provide local military bases with comfortable furnishings and radios. Newsweek published an article about McPherson, "The World's Greatest Living Minister", on July 19, 1943, noting she had collected 2,800 pints of blood for the Red Cross; servicemen in her audience are especially honored, and the climax of her church services is when she reads the National Anthem.[189]
McPherson gave visiting servicemen autographed Bibles. She observed they often had no religious affiliation and did not even own a Bible. She wrote:

"What a privilege it was to invite the servicemen present in every Sunday night meeting to come to the platform, where I greeted them, gave each one a New Testament, and knelt in prayer with them for their spiritual needs, and God’s guidance and protection on their lives. Later, when the altar call would be given, many of these same servicemen would make another trip to the platform publicly to receive Jesus Christ as their personal savior."[186]

She insulted Adolf Hitler and Hideki Tōjō, and became involved in war bond rallies. Pershing Square's Victory House in Los Angeles never saw a bigger crowd. McPherson sold $150,000[190][191][192][193] worth of bonds in one hour on June 20, 1942, breaking all previous records, then repeated the performance again on July 4, 1944.[194][195] The U.S. Treasury awarded her a special citation. The Army made McPherson an honorary colonel.
Her wartime activities included sermons that linked the church and American patriotism.[196] McPherson spoke to the men in uniform of her belief that military action against the Axis powers was long overdue. And more so than in almost any war previously, she felt that if they did not prevail, churches, homes, and everything precious and dear to the Christian would absolutely be destroyed.[197]
McPherson's embrace of the total war strategy of the United States left her open to some criticism. The line between the church as an independent moral authority monitoring government became blurred, perceived instead, as complicit with that same governance. Wrongs being done to Japanese Americans through their internment in relocation camps were being overlooked, for example. And she refused to allow her denomination to support Christians who remained committed pacifists. Even if conscientious objectors were willing to participate in noncombat roles, more was needed. Church members and leaders had to be willing to take up arms and fight for the United States. The pacifist clause which earlier existed was, by her proposal, voted upon and eliminated by Foursquare Gospel Church leaders.[197]
Death[edit]




McPherson's grave


On September 26, 1944, McPherson went to Oakland, California, for a series of revivals, planning to preach her popular "Story of My Life" sermon. When McPherson's son went to her hotel room at 10:00 the next morning, he found her unconscious with pills and a half-empty bottle of capsules nearby. She was dead by 11:15. It was later discovered she previously called her doctor that morning to complain about feeling ill from the medicine, but he was in surgery and could not be disturbed. She then phoned another doctor who referred her to yet another physician. However, McPherson apparently lost consciousness before the third could be contacted.[198][199]
The autopsy did not conclusively determine the cause of McPherson's death. She had been taking sleeping pills following numerous health problems – including "tropical fever". Among the pills found in the hotel room was the barbiturate Seconal, a strong sedative which had not been prescribed for her. It was unknown how she obtained them.
The coroner said she most likely died of an accidental overdose compounded by kidney failure. The cause of death is officially listed as unknown.[200] Given the circumstances, there was speculation about suicide, but most sources generally agree the overdose was accidental, as stated in the coroner's report.[201]
Forty-five thousand people waited in long lines, some until 2 am, to file past the evangelist, where, for three days, her body lay in state at the Angelus Temple. Within a mile-and-a-half (800 m) radius of the church, police had to double park cars. It later took 11 trucks to transport the $50,000[202] worth of flowers to the cemetery which itself received more telegrammed floral orders than at any time since Will Rogers' death almost 10 years earlier. A Foursquare leader noted that to watch the long line pass reverently by her casket, and see tears shed by all types of people, regardless of class and color, helped give understanding to the far-reaching influence of her life and ministry.[203]
An observer, Marcus Bach, who was on a spiritual odyssey of personal discovery, wrote:

"Roberta, who had married an orchestra director, flew in from New York. Ma Kennedy was at the grave, Rheba Crawford Splivalo had returned to say that there was never a greater worker for God than Sister. A thousand ministers of the Foursquare Gospel paid their tearful tribute. The curious stood by impressed. The poor who had always been fed at Angelus were there, the lost who had been spirit-filled, the healed, the faithful here they were eager to immortalize the Ontario farm girl who loved the Lord. Here they laid the body of Sister Aimee to rest in the marble sarcophagus guarded by two great angels on Sunrise slope. "[204]

Millions of dollars passed through McPherson's hands. However, when her personal estate was calculated, it amounted to $10,000.[205] To her daughter, Roberta, went $2000[206] the remainder to her son Rolf. By contrast, her mother Mildred Kennedy had a 1927 severance settlement of as much as $200,000[207] in cash and property; the Foursquare Church itself was worth $2.8 million[208][209]
McPherson is buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California. Following her death, the Foursquare Gospel church denomination was led for 44 years by her son Rolf McPherson. The church claims a membership of over 7.9 million worldwide.[210]
Legacy and influence[edit]
Ministry[edit]
McPherson's ministry continued to flourish even in the face of scandal. The newspapers which served to propel McPherson to fame and advertise her message, also were used to highlight her faults, real and imagined. Some modern televangelists who transgressed and faded into obscurity because of high-profile news coverage, also learned how quickly modern communication media could hurt as well as help them. After her death, the largely negative aspect of her media image persisted, was cultivated[211] and became the dominant factor in defining McPherson for many in the public today.[212]
Reverend Robert P. Shuler, whose caustic view of McPherson softened over the years, wrote he could not figure out why God chose such a person. The flaws he observed in McPherson, were by his opinion, many, yet she ultimately made a positive impact on Christianity, long lasting and enduring . He recognized her appeal was a combination of identifying with the average citizen as well as an ability to explain the gospel in simple, easily understandable terms, drawing them irresistibly to her services:

...while great cathedral churches closed their doors on Sunday night, the crowds pushed through her portals in one ever-flowing stream.

He saw her legacy extend far beyond the glamor of Hollywood, exerting itself through the thousands of ministers she trained and churches planted throughout the world. McPherson, together with the alliances she made, worked to reshape the evangelical Christian faith, making it relevant to American culture and personally involving for those in the audience.[213]
Legacy[edit]




Uldine Utley, c. 1924


In Fresno, California, 1921, nine-year-old Uldine Utley (1912–1995) became a fervent believer. After hearing McPherson's dramatic retelling of the David and Goliath story, the young girl tearfully gave her life over to Christ, and dedicated herself to be "a little David for the Lord and fight Goliath." With her parents as managers, she went on to preach to millions of people and converted many thousands. (The most notable of these was John Sung, who would become a major evangelical figure in China.[214][215][216]) Utley frequently used the same metaphors as McPherson, referring to Christ as "the Rose of Sharon" and invoking "Bride of Christ" imagery.[217][218][219]
During the Great Depression years, as a child, Dr. Edwin Louis Cole's mother attended LIFE Bible College and as he grew up, Cole participated in various Angelus Temple activities "witnessing the miraculous."[220] Cole went on to found the Christian Men's Network and influenced many, including Bill McCartney (founder of Promise Keepers), Pat Robertson, John Maxwell (president of Injoy Ministries), Kenneth Copeland, Oliver North, and Chuck Norris.[221]
According biographer Matthew Avery Sutton, in the early 1900s, it was expected traditional Protestantism would give way to rapidly developing new philosophical ideas and sciences that were being widely taught. McPherson contributed immensely to the forestalling of that predicted inevitability. Liberal Christianity, which enjoyed strong growth starting in the late 19th century, regarded many of the miracles of Jesus to be superstitious interpretations of what actually occurred or metaphors for his teachings. McPherson's faith-healing demonstrations instead gave credence to onlookers her claim was true: Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. This Bible verse of Hebrews 13:8; as biographer Daniel Mark Epstein noted as per McPherson, meant Jesus still had power and could heal as in ancient times, and the verse become the motto of her Foursquare Gospel Church. Sutton wrote conveying; it was easy for many people to deny a God who did something 1,900 years ago, but large crowds of people were now witness to the blind seeing, the lame walking, and the deaf hearing. Healings at her services, according to Epstein from period news sources, were occurring faster than the journalists could write them down. Crowds clamored to reach her altar to experience a New Testament conversion that transformed many of their lives. Even large portions of the secular public admired her. The old time Gospel message was being dramatically marketed by the most technologically advanced means possible, reconstructing it into something far more interesting and desirable than it was previously.[222][223]
McPherson's ecumenical approach assisted Pentecostals in learning how better to explain their faith in the context of historic church doctrine. Mainline churches became exposed to the more unusual gifts of the Holy Spirit. They also benefited by borrowing Pentecostal revival techniques[9] such as more emotive expression, joyful praise worship, and testimonials, forerunning the Charismatic Movement.
McPherson challenged what was expected from women. Females as preachers and her status as a divorcee with two failed marriages were of particular concern to many of the fundamentalist churches with which she wanted to work, but her success could not be easily ignored. Meanwhile, secular society broadly labeled women as either Victorian ladies or whores,[224] and she bounced from one category to the other. She had her extensive relief charities and along with it, titillating scandals. Atheist Charles Lee Smith remarked publicly of McPherson, just before a debate, that she had an extraordinary mind, "particularly for a woman".[225]
Her continual work at church alliance-building finally bore fruit in an official way, though she did not live to see it. Foursquare Gospel Church leaders were at last able to join the National Association of Evangelicals in 1952 and from there helped organize the Pentecostal World Fellowship,[226] which exists to the present day. Pentecostalism which once advocated separatism and was on the fringes of Protestantism, became part of mainstream Christianity.[227]
Works about McPherson[edit]
Books, periodicals, films, and plays[edit]

The character Sharon Falconer in Sinclair Lewis' Elmer Gantry (1926) was based on McPherson.[228]
The faith-healing evangelist Big Sister in Nathanael West's The Day of the Locust was based on McPherson.
Upton Sinclair was fascinated with her history and immediately after her disappearance from Venice Beach wrote a poem called "An Evangelist Drowns," From correspondence with H.L. Mencken, though Sinclair agreed that the core of the grand jury inquiry against McPherson was actually a political persecution, he abbreviated the complex drama to one of hypocrisy and sexuality.[229] He wrote her into his 1927 novel, Oil!.her in the character of Eli Watkins, a corrupt small-town minister. That character is called Eli Sunday in the 2007 film There Will Be Blood.[230]
The character of the American evangelist Mrs. Melrose Ape in Evelyn Waugh's satirical novel Vile Bodies (1930) is thought to be based on McPherson.
The musical AIMEE!, written by Patrick Young and music by Bob Ashley, played at the Charlottetown Festival, in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island in the summer of 1981.[231]
Vanity Fair published a satirical cutout paper doll based on her.[232]
Aimee Semple McPherson appeared in The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930), one in a series of popular documentaries released by Tiffany Studios.[233]
Frank Capra's film The Miracle Woman (1931), starring Barbara Stanwyck, was based on John Meehan's play Bless You, Sister which was reportedly inspired by McPherson's life.
The character of the "sensuous sermonizer" Reno Sweeney in Cole Porter's musical Anything Goes (1934) is thought to be based on McPherson.
Agnes Moorehead's role as Sister Alma in the 1971 thriller film What's the Matter with Helen? was modeled after McPherson.
A television film about the events surrounding her 1926 disappearance, The Disappearance of Aimee (1976) starred Faye Dunaway as McPherson and Bette Davis as her mother.





"Sister Aimee," the first feature dramatic film on the life of Aimee Semple McPherson, screens in Hollywood in April, 2008. Pictured are the period piece film's writer-director Richard Rossi, and his wife Sherrie in 1920's attire.


A film adaptation of the story of her life, entitled Aimee Semple McPherson (2006) was directed by Richard Rossi. The same director filmed a short film Saving Sister Aimee in 2001. (The film was retitled "Sister Aimee: The Aimee Semple McPherson Story" and released on DVD April 22, 2008.) A group of Evangelicals offered to invest $2 million in the film, but with conditions that the movie did not depict McPherson's divorce or drug overdose and that the actor playing the lead be a Pentecostal Christian. Rossi turned them down. "By saying no to conditions that religious people put on me, I feel I'm actually of more service to God and people because I make an honest film," he said.[234] Rossi later penned the prize-winning play "Sister Aimee", honored with a cash award in the 2009 Bottletree One-Act Competition, an international playwriting contest. In 2013, both of Rossi's films on Sister Aimee were released in one collection with new material under the new title, "Richard Rossi 5th Anniversary of Sister Aimee." [235][236]
A documentary about McPherson, entitled Sister Aimee, made for the PBS series American Experience, premiered April 2, 2007.[156]
Several biographies have been written about McPherson.[230]
In the alternate history novel Back in the USSA, she appears as the Secretary of Manpower Resources under President Al Capone.
Escape from Hell (novel) by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle (Tor, 2009), features "Sister Aimee" in Hell after her death, in a supporting role as a guide and saint who is teaching the damned about Dante's route out of Hell.
Scandalous is a musical about the life and ministry of McPherson with the book and lyrics written by Kathie Lee Gifford and music written by composer David Friedman and David Pomeranz; the musical ran in 2011 at the 5th Avenue Theatre in Seattle, and had 29 performances in 2012 at the Neil Simon Theater on Broadway, with McPherson portrayed by Carolee Carmello.
"An Evangelist Drowns" (2007) a one-woman play based on McPherson's life. Includes fictionalized accounts of relationships with Charlie Chaplin and David Hutton.
"Aimee Semple Mcpherson and the Resurrection of Christian America" (2007) A biography by Matthew Avery Sutton that chronicles McPherson's life in context to her influence on culture, politics and religion in America.
"La disparition de Soeur Aimee" (2011) in Crimes et Procès Sensationnels à Los Angeles, book by Nausica Zaballos, pp. 103–140, Paris, E-Dite, (ISBN 978-2-8460-8310-2)
The song "Hooray for Hollywood" lyrics by Johnny Mercer, from the film Hollywood Hotel mentions McPherson. "Where anyone at all from Shirley Temple to Aimee Semple is equally understood."[237][238]
"Aimee: The Gospel Gold Digger", 1932, Rev John D Goben, an Assistant Pastor at Angelus Temple
A production of the musical Saving Aimee, with a book and lyrics by Kathie Lee Gifford and music by David Pomeranz and David Friedman, debuted at the White Plains Performing Arts Center in October 2005 and was staged at the Signature Theatre in Arlington, Virginia, in April and May 2007.[239][240][241]
A play entitled The Wide Open Ocean, a musical vaudeville, was performed at The Actors' Gang theater in Los Angeles. It was written and directed by playwright, director, actor, and educator Laural Meade.[242]
Spit Shine Glisten, (2013) loosely based on the life of McPherson, was performed at California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California.[243][244]
The musical, Vanishing Point, written by Rob Hartmann, Liv Cummins, & Scott Keys, intertwines the lives of evangelist McPherson, aviator Amelia Earhart, and mystery writer Agatha Christie. It is featured as part of the 2010–2011 season at the Carnegie Mellon School of Drama in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In 2007, a one-woman play titled An Evangelist Drowns, written by Gregory J. Thompson is partly based on the life of McPherson, but it explores a fictionalized portrayal of her recalling lost loves, regrets, and remorse in the final hours before her death in 1944.

Publications[edit]

Declaration of Faith, The International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (1920)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1921). The Second Coming of Christ: Is He Coming? How is He Coming? When is He Coming? For Whom is He Coming?. A. McPherson. OCLC 8122641. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1923) [1919]. This is That: Personal Experiences, Sermons and Writings of Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelist. The Bridal Call Publishing House. OCLC 1053806. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1927). In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life. Boni and Liveright. OCLC 513458. 
Perfection, Can a Christian be Perfect?, Echo Park Evangelistic Association (1930)
Aimee Semple McPherson (1936). Give Me My Own God. H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc. OCLC 1910039. 
Aimee Semple McPherson (1951). The Story of My Life: In Memoriam, Echo Park Evangelistic Association, Los Angeles. OCLC 1596212. 

See also[edit]

Elmer Gantry
Elmer Gantry (film)
Kobus Van Rensburg
Scandalous: The Life and Trials of Aimee Semple McPherson (2012 Broadway musical)



Biography portal
Christianity portal


References[edit]


^ Obituary Variety, October 4, 1944.
^ http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-30148022
^ a b Williams, George Hunston; Petersen, Rodney Lawrence; Pater, Calvin Augustine (1999), The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, p. 308 .
^ a b c "Aimée Mcpherson in Singapore" (newspaper article). NL. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ Epstein, Daniel Mark, Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson (Orlando: Harcourt Brace & Co., 1993), p. 111.
"The healings present a monstrous obstacle to scientific historiography. If events transpired as newspapers, letters, and testimonials say they did, then Aimée Semple McPherson's healing ministry was miraculous... The documentation is overwhelming: very sick people came to Sister Aimee by the tens of thousands, blind, deaf, paralyzed. Many were healed some temporarily, some forever. She would point to heaven, to Christ the Great Healer and take no credit for the results."
^ "The Incredible Disappearing Evangelist". Smithsonian. Retrieved 2014-05-03. 
^ "RD10Q: Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelical Maverick". Religion Dispatches. 2008-09-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c d e ""Between the refrigerator and the wildfire": Aimee Semple McPherson, pentecostalism, and the fundamentalist-modernist controversy". The free library. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), page 9
^ Sutton, p. 9
^ Sutton, pp. 9–10
^ Epstein, pp. 28–29
^ a b c d Sutton, p. 10
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), pp.79- 81
^ Sutton, p. 58
^ Epstein, pp. 72–73
^ Epstein, pp. 74–76
^ Epstein, pp. 91, 95, 128
^ Sutton, p. 172
^ Epstein, pp. 374–375
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: in 1932, after having to continuously answer questions about McPherson's marriage to Hutton, 33 Foursquare ministers thought this was too much of a distraction and seceded from the Temple and formed their own Pentecostal denomination, the Open Bible Evangelistic Association.
^ Epstein, p. 434
^ Blumhofer, p. 333. Note: Homer Rodeheaver, former singing master for evangelist Billy Sunday, was refused; even when it was suggested she married the wrong man and to try again to have a loving marriage, she responded negatively and redoubled her evangelistic efforts, forsaking personal fulfillment in relationships. McPherson knew Rodeheaver from working with him at the Angeleus Temple and he introduced her to David Hutton. In the case of Rodeheaver, however, biographer Sutton, according to Roberta Star Semple, stated McPherson liked him but not the way he kissed.
^ Aimee May Marry Homer Rodeheaver (North Tonawanda, NY Evening News June 21, 1935)
^ Epstein, p. 172
^ Encyclopedia of Women and Religion in North America, Keller, Rosemary Skinner; Ruether, Rosemary Radford (Indiana University Press, 2006) p. 406-407
^ http://search.proquest.com/docview/1655208322
^ Edith Waldvogel Blumhofer, Aimee Semple McPherson: everybody's sister (Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, Inc., 1993), p. 147
^ Epstein, pp. 170–172
^ Epstein, p. 151
^ Epstein, p. 153
^ "Aimee McPherson". Aimee McPherson. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ a b c Blumhofer, p. 246
^ Blumhofer, p. 244
^ More than $65,000 in 2012 dollars.
^ over $320 in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 245
^ More than $3.2 million in 2012 dollars.
^ over US $130 in 2012.
^ Thomas, Lately Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson (Morrow, New York, 1970) p. 32.
^ Bridal Call (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale Blvd, Los Angeles.) October 1929, p. 27
^ Sutton, p. 335
^ Blumhofer, p. 210
^ Epstein, p. 249
^ Sutton, pp. 186–191
^ Blumhofer, p. 269
^ Sutton, pp. 189, 315. Note: author states over 400 dead
^ Blumhofer, p. 348. Note: author indicates 1934 but probably a typo
^ Epstein, p. 369
^ about US $28,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 370
^ Sutton, p. 316
^ a b Sutton, p. 317
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson (1890 - 1944) - Find A Grave Flowers". Findagrave.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Blumhofer, p. 346
^ Blumhofer, p. 348
^ Sutton, p. 194
^ Epstein, pp. 375–376
^ Sutton, pp. 191–192
^ Sutton, p. 195
^ Anthony Quinn, The Original Sin: A Self-Portrait, Little, Brown and Company: Boston (1972), pp. 122–132
^ a b Sutton, p. 72
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 59
^ "Lessons I Learned From Sister Aimee | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 74
^ Epstein, p.252
^ "Inflation Calculator". DollarTimes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ $1 of 1920's to 1930's dollars would be worth around US $11–13 in 2013. See subsequent cites for inflation calculator links.
^ "CPI Inflation Calculator". Data.bls.gov. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.davemanuel.com/inflation-calculator.php>
^ Saunders, Nathan. “Spectacular Evangelist: Aimee Semple McPherson in the Fox Newsreel.” The Moving Image: The Journal of the Association of Moving Image Archivists 14, no. 1 (April 1, 2014): 71–90. doi:10.5749/movingimage.14.1.0071.
^ Epstein, pp. 79–80
^ a b Epstein, p. 156
^ Mavity, Nancy Barr "Sister Aimee;" (Doubleday, Doran,, Incorporated, 1931) p. 47-48
^ Epstein 1993, pp. 107–111
^ Epstein, p. 57
^ Epstein, p. 185
^ Epstein, p. 111
^ Blumhofer, p. 183
^ Von Lackum, Karl C. “Vinton Boasts Only Broadcasting Station in U.S. Owned By Woman”, Waterloo Evening Courier, Iowa, October 14, 1922, p. 7. Note: The first woman to receive a broadcasting license was Mrs. Marie Zimmerman of Vinton, Iowa, in August 1922.
^ Blumhofer, pp. 275–277
^ Updike, John (30 April 2007). "Famous Aimee: The life of Aimee Semple McPherson". The New Yorker. 
^ Epstein, p. 275
^ Epstein, p. 264
^ Schuler, Robert P. McPhersonism: a study of healing cults and modern day tongues movements, January, 1924, p. 3
^ Ben M. Bogard, Bogard-McPherson debate : McPhersonism, Holy Rollerism, miracles, Pentecostalism, divine healing : a debate with both sides presented fully, (Little Rock, Arkansas: Ben M. Bogard, 1934)
^ "Biography of Charles S. Price". Healingandrevival.com. 1947-03-08. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ http://www.earstohear.net/Price/testimony.html Note: Divine Healing was a contentious theological area of McPherson's ministry, but she was not alone. Other pastors already had a ministry with alleged successful healings such as James Moore Hickson (1868–1933), an Episcopalian of international renown. Another pastor, Dr. Charles S Price (1887–1947), went to a series of McPherson revival meetings in San Jose, California, to expose the fraud. Instead, he himself was converted and preached McPherson's version of Christianity to his congregation. Reports of purported faith healings began to take place. Price went on to preach as a traveling evangelist who converted tens of thousands along with many instances of miraculous divine healings allegedly occurring.
^ Epstein, pp. 185, 240
^ "Spiritual gifts" given by the Holy Spirit, of which the most well known is speaking in "tongues" the spontaneously speaking in a language unknown to the speaker;, also known as glossolalia. Other gifts include translating the said "tongues."
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2001/sep/30/local/me-51701
^ Los Angeles Times (The Adventures of a Would-Be Raider of the Lost Ark), September 30, 2001.
^ Ralph G. Giordano, Satan in the Dance Hall: Rev. John Roach Straton, Social Dancing, and Morality in 1920's New York City (Scarecrow Press, Oct 23, 2008), p. 167
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University (Truman State University Press, 1999), p. 308
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. London: Harvard University Press, 2007.
^ Sutton, p. 52. Note: Sutton was uncertain if McPherson actually stated the quote as reported by The New Yorker, but she did convey evolution influenced moral-relativist philosophers and believed "survival of the fittest" thinking would have a detrimental effect on society.
^ Sutton, pp. 37, 52
^ Sutton, p. 37
^ Sutton, p. 214
^ Sutton, p. 219
^ Sutton, p. 221
^ Sutton, p. 223
^ "Democratizing the Religious Experience". Xroads.virginia.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ ""Sister Aimee" to Air on PBS | Foursquare News | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, pp. 165, 395
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, ( R.L. Cox and Heritage Committee, California, 1983), pp. 41–42
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, In the Service of the King: The Story of My Life (Boni and Liveright, New York, 1927), p.16. NOTE: Note: Though McPherson, period newspapers and most biographers referred to the woman as "Rose," she later became known in some books and articles as "Mexicali Rose."
^ Melton, J. Gordon The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena, (Visible Ink Press, 2007) p. 218
^ Sutton, p. 103
^ "President Wilson visits L.A. - Framework - Photos and Video - Visual Storytelling from the Los Angeles Times". Framework.latimes.com. 2011-06-20. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Melton, J. Gordon. (2007). The Encyclopedia of Religious Phenomena. Visible Ink Press. p. 218
^ Epstein, p. 301
^ Sutton, pp. 120–122
^ The San Bernardino County Sun Saturday 25 September 1926, page 1.
^ "Isadora Duncan, Aime Semple McPherson - H. L. Mencken". Ralphmag.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 133–134
^ Epstein, p. 312
^ The People vs.Aimee Semple McPherson, et al., Case CR 29181, 10 January 1927; Superior Court of Los Angeles County, County records and Archives
^ Modesto Bee And News-Herald 20 October 1926, p.1
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist pp. 285-286, 291
^ Cox, pp. 85, 209–211
^ Cox, pp. 71–72
^ Thomas, Vanishing Evangelist, p. 278
^ Epstein, pp. 312-313
^ Cox, pp. 150-151, 152,166.
^ Lately, Thomas The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair (Viking Press, 1959) p. 26
^ Cox, pp. 17–18.
^ The Coshocton Tribune; Coshocton, Ohio January 3, 1927· Page 8
^ about US $6.4 million in 2013
^ Epstein, p. 289
^ about $1,300,000 in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 308
^ Shuler, p. 188. Note: Los Angeles Times, June 1927
^ H.L. Mencken, "Two Enterprising Ladies," American Mercury, v. 13, no. 52 (April 1928) 506-508; quote on 508.
^ Epstein, p. 386
^ a b Sutton, p. 175
^ Epstein, pp. 264, 287
^ Cox, p. 234. Note: Kenneth Ormiston did eventually sell his story to the press, identifying his companion as Elizabeth Tovey.
^ Epstein, pp. 289, 307
^ Sutton, p.135
^ Thomas Vanishing p. 31
^ Cox, pp. 37–38.
^ "McPherson Charged for Slander - U373542ACME - Rights Managed - Stock Photo - Corbis". Corbisimages.com. 1936-12-12. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "John Goben • Webjournals". Webjournals.ac.edu.au. Retrieved 2013-11-15. , Blumhofer, p. 311, Note: Reverend John D. Goben was a successful Midwestern evangelist when he joined the Angeles Temple in 1927. A revival campaign in 1930 by Goben led to the establishment the Stone Church in Toronto, Canada. Goben served as treasurer to the International Foursquare Gospel Lighthouses, an association of satellite churches he helped manage. Because of a dispute with McPherson and her legal counsel, over property ownership by the churches, he was ousted as treasurer. His mounting discontent along with encouragement of some of the Church board members, in part, precipitated his expensive private investigation of McPherson. One evening at a board meeting, Goben, hoping to elicit a confession in lieu of evidence he could not obtain, confronted McPherson with his surveillance. But McPherson, so shocked by what he did, fainted. The board members turned against Goben and he was fired. His bitter departure resulted in his publication of a pamphlet entitled Aimee, the Gospel Gold-Digger. Aimed at Temple supporters, he detailed alleged financial irregularities. A brief grand jury investigation was started, but come to nothing.
^ Epstein, pp. 334, 337
^ "A Lasting Legacy | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 175, 312
^ Cox, p. 241. Note: McPherson was frequently photographed with the image of the Christian Cross, which differs from the crucifix, with its hanging figure of Jesus and its common association with Catholicism. Cox states anecdotally some persons adversarial to McPherson, who heard the Berle story wanted to believe it was true, "but that bit about the crucifix" convinced them otherwise.
^ Sutton, p. 174
^ Cox, p. 241
^ Cox, Raymond L. The Verdict is In, 1983, p. 241
^ Blumhofer, p. 205
^ a b Roberts Liardon, God's Generals: Vol. 7, DVD 2005
^ Sutton, pp. 153–160
^ a b "American Experience . Sister Aimee". PBS. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ She also traveled to England, Scotland and Wales for five weeks of revival services. Press reports, depending upon the sources, described her audiences as either lacking enthusiasm or multitudes filling the altars anxiously awaiting a return visit. "Poor Aimee". Time. October 22, 1928. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Those of the nobility and gentry and middle classes who reflected upon the matter appeared to feel that the Holy Bible still offers a sufficient choice of Gospels. But of course the London mob, the lower classes, rushed to attend the evangelistic First Night of Aimee Semple McPherson 
^ Epstein, pp. 318–320
^ Epstein, p. 325
^ Blumhofer, pp. 308, 317. Note: A month later most of the choir members returned. Their leader, Gladwyn Nichols later returned as well, after publicly apologizing to McPherson.
^ Epstein, p. 341
^ Epstein, p. 343
^ Epstein, p. 356
^ a b Epstein, p. 368
^ a b c "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : The Greatest Nine Days". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Epstein, p. 388
^ "Today in History: 15 October 1931: Aimee Semple McPherson Uninvited to Speak at Harvard". Skepticism.org. 1931-10-15. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ McPherson, Aimee Semple, Give me my Own God, H. C. Kinsey & Company, Inc., 1936
^ Matthew Avery Sutton, Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2007), p. 233
^ McPherson, Give me my Own God, pp. 88–89
^ "Dr. Raymond L. Cox : Was Aimee Semple McPherson Pentecostal?". oocities.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US $2.3 million in 2012
^ US $17 million in 2012
^ Thomas, Storming, pp. 282-284, 297 NOTE: Splivalo did earn a loyal following of disciples at the Angelus Temple, one in particular who was in contentious strife with McPherson. Splivalo gathered a list of purported damaging statements together with the witnesses, places, and times they were allegedly made by McPherson. However, the vocabulary of accused slanderous remarks, as stated in the lawsuit, were inconsistent with McPherson's known public sermons, writings, and statements.
^ Herald-Journal – May 11, 1937
^ United Press, April 15, 1937.
^ Epstein, pp. 413–414
^ US $31,000 in 2012
^ Epstein, p. 416
^ Epstein, p. 427
^ Updike, John. "Famous Aimee". The New Yorker. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America — Matthew Avery Sutton | Harvard University Press". Hup.harvard.edu. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 256
^ Sutton, pp. 256–257
^ Aimee Semple McPherson Audio Tapes, Zero Hour Sermon, http://www2.wheaton.edu/bgc/archives/GUIDES/103.htm#602
^ a b c "World War II and Angelus Temple | Foursquare Legacy | The Foursquare Church". Foursquare.org. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, p. 258
^ Aimee Semple McPherson, "Foursquaredom and Uncle Sam," Foursquare Crusader, 14 (February 1942) p. 24
^ Sutton, pp. 264, 333
^ Note: A P47 Thunderbolt fighter was then priced about $85,000, P51 Mustang $50,000, M4 Sherman tank $50,000, B17 Flying Fortress $240,00
^ "Product Prices". Panzerworld.net. 2013-10-22. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Sherman tank - improved M4 models with 76mm gun, protection". Ww2total.com. 1945-04-26. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ US 2 million dollars in 2012
^ Blumhofer, p. 373
^ Sutton, p. 264
^ Sutton, Matthew. Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America, London: Harvard University Press, 2007
^ a b Sutton, p. 263
^ Epstein, p. 438
^ Robinson, Judith Working Miracles The Drama and Passion of Aimee Semple McPherson (James Lorimer & Company Ltd., Publishers, Toronto, 2008) p.104-105
^ Note: In the 1993 obituary for her daughter-in-law, McPherson's life and death are mentioned. "Lorna McPherson, 82, Of the Angelus Temple.". New York Times. June 18, 1993. Retrieved 2007-08-21. Aimee Semple McPherson founded Angelus Temple in the early 1920s, when her brand of fundamentalist Christianity, stressing the "born-again" experience, divine healing and evangelism, was popular in the United States. She died on September 27, 1944, of shock and respiratory failure attributed to an overdose of sleeping pills. 
^ "Sister Aimee's' Death Is Ruled An Accident". United Press International in The Washington Post. October 14, 1944. Retrieved 2008-02-22. Aimee Semple McPherson, famous evangelist who occupied the headlines almost as often as the pulpit, died of shock and respiratory failure "from an accidental over-dosage" of sleeping capsules, a coroner's jury decided today. 
^ $630,000 in 2012 dollars
^ Sutton, p. 270
^ Bach, Marcus, They Have Found a Faith, (The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis / New York, 1946) p. 74
^ about $130,000 in 2013
^ about $26,000 in 2013 dollars
^ about $2.5 million in 2013 dollars
^ about US$36 million in 2013 dollars
^ Epstein, p. 440
^ http://www.foursquare.org
^ Cox, p. 3. Note: as one example Cox lists, a reporter for The Los Angeles Times, Dial Torgerson, May 18, 1969; writes in his Aimee's Disappearance Remains a Mystery, story, that HC Benedict, owner of the Carmel cottage, was expected to be a witness against McPherson, but died apparently of heart trouble before he could testify. Cox notes that HC Benedict did indeed testify, but on her behalf, denying vehemently the woman with Ormiston was McPherson. HC Benedict died on November 20, 1926, some weeks after all testimony had been concluded.
^ Sutton, p. 278
^ Sutton, p. 275
^ Timothy Tow. "John Sung and the Asian Awakening". Articles.ochristian.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Awake and Go! Global Prayer Network - John Sung". Towel.mysitehosted.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "The Real Conversion Of Dr. John Sung". Rlhymersjr.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ George Hunston Williams, Rodney Lawrence Petersen, Calvin Augustine Pater, The Contentious Triangle: Church, State, and University, Truman State University Press, 1999, p. 308
^ Blumhofer, pp.182
^ Lian, Xi, Redeemed by Fire: The Rise of Popular Christianity in Modern China, Yale University Press, 2010 p. 140
^ "Dr. Edwin Louis Cole". Christianmensnetwork.com. 1981-04-24. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ "Who is more powerful than the president?". Mobile.wnd.com. 2012-06-10. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Sutton, pp. 277–280
^ Epstein, pp. 108, 229–231
^ Sutton, p. 150
^ There is a God: Debate between Aimee Semple McPherson, Fundamentalist and Charles Lee Smith, Atheist (Foursquare Publications, 1100 Glendale BLVD Los Angeles. CA), 1934
^ Sutton, pp. 275–276
^ Sutton, p. 280
^ Lingeman, p. 283.
^ Sutton, p. 145
^ a b Caleb Crain (2007-06-29). "Notebook: Aimee Semple McPherson". Steamboats Are Ruining Everything. Archived from the original on 17 December 2007. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ "AIMEE!". Canadian Musicals. Retrieved 20 April 2017. 
^ "Vanity Fair's Cutout Dolls – no. 2". Vanity Fair. Archived from the original on 7 February 2008. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 
^ The Voice of Hollywood No. 9 (1930) on IMDb
^ Horwitch, Lauren (February 7, 2006). "Actor Chad Allen's lead role in a $30 million". Backstage. Backstage, LLC. Retrieved January 27, 2016. 
^ "Sister Aimee by Richard Rossi". Bottletreeinc.com. Retrieved 2013-11-14. 
^ Gilbert, Brian (November 5, 2012). "Hallelujah! How Faith Healer Aimee Semple McPherson Inspired the Rip-Roaring New Musical Scandalous". Broadway Buzz. Broadway.com. Retrieved January 9, 2016. 
^ Gottlieb, Robert; Kimball, Robert; Reading Lyrics (Random House LLC, 2000) p. 438
^ Osborne, Jerry; Mr Music column; Lakeland Ledger - Dec 20, 2001 p. 21
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/evitas-lacey-to-join-carmello-for-saving-aimee-musical-complete-cast-announ-128141/print
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/musical-premiere-of-saving-aimee-part-of-dc-signatures-ambitious-new-season-131494
^ http://www.playbill.com/news/article/carolee-carmello-to-reprise-performance-in-saving-aimee-at-5th-avenue-theat-181239
^ http://articles.latimes.com/2000/may/25/entertainment/ca-33709/2
^ http://theater.calarts.edu/resources/cotsen-center
^ Susan Simpson



Richard R. Lingeman, Sinclair Lewis: Rebel from Main Street, Minnesota Historical Society Press, June 2005, ISBN 978-0-87351-541-2.

Further reading[edit]

Bahr, Robert (April 1979). Least of All Saints: the Story of Aimee Semple McPherson. Prentice-Hall. ISBN 978-0-13-527978-6. OCLC 4493103. 
Blumhofer, Edith L. (1993). Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing. ISBN 978-0-8028-0155-5. OCLC 29184439. 
Cox, Raymond L. (1983). The Verdict is In. R.L. Cox. OCLC 11315268. 
Epstein, Daniel Mark (1 July 1994). Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-15-600093-2. OCLC 26300194. 
Morris, James; Morris, Jan (1973). The Preachers. St. Martin's Press. ISBN 0-900997-41-9. OCLC 704687. 
Sutton, Matthew Avery (31 May 2009). Aimee Semple McPherson and the Resurrection of Christian America. Harvard University Press). ISBN 978-0-674-03253-8. OCLC 77504335. 
Thomas, Lately (1959). The Vanishing Evangelist: the Aimee Semple McPherson Kidnapping Affair. Viking Press. OCLC 1575665. 
Thomas, Lately (1970). Storming Heaven: The Lives and Turmoils of Minnie Kennedy and Aimee Semple McPherson. Morrow. OCLC 92194. 
Zaballos, Nausica (23 November 2011). "La disparition de Soeur Aimee". Crimes et procès sensationnels à Los Angeles 1922-1962: Au-delà du Dahlia noir. Paris: E-Dite. pp. 103–140. ISBN 978-2-84608-310-2. OCLC 779750888. 

External links[edit]





This article's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (November 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Works by or about Aimee Semple McPherson at Internet Archive
"Aimee McPherson" Old Time Radio
Foursquare Gospel church
Aimee Semple McPherson biography
Biography from Liberty Harbor Foursquare Gospel Church
Song about the McPherson kidnapping scandal, dating from when it was a current news story. Pete Seeger recorded this on the 1961 album Story Songs.
Woman Thou Art God: Female Empowerment, Spirituality & a biography on Aimee.
The Ballad of Aimee McPherson.
Aimee Semple McPherson on The California Museum's California Legacy Trails
Photo essay on Aimee Semple McPherson's Lake Elsinore Castle retreat
The theatricality of revivalism as exemplified in the artistry of Billy Sunday and Aimee Semple McPherson.
Did McPherson send a "Minions of Satan" message to Herbert Hoover, and another article by the same historian later concluding she did not send such a message.
Aimee Semple McPherson on IMDb
Scandal and Censure: A Reinvestigation of the Socio-Political Forces Surrounding the Disappearance of Aimee Semple McPherson




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 67270403
LCCN: n50007859
ISNI: 0000 0000 8147 5323
GND: 119191474
SUDOC: 084100087










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aimee_Semple_McPherson&oldid=790976823"					
Categories: 1890 births1944 deaths20th-century ChristiansAimee Semple McPhersonAmerican anti-communistsAmerican anti-fascistsAmerican evangelicalsAmerican evangelistsAmerican PentecostalsAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican temperance activistsBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)Canadian evangelicalsCanadian evangelistsCanadian PentecostalsCanadian people of Irish descentChristian creationistsChristian fundamentalistsDrug-related deaths in CaliforniaFaith healersHistory of Los AngelesMembers of the International Church of the Foursquare GospelPeople from Oxford County, OntarioReligious scandalsVaudeville performersActivists from CaliforniaHidden categories: Articles that may be too long from October 2013Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsWikipedia external links cleanup from November 2014Wikipedia spam cleanup from November 2014Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisNederlandsNorsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 09:24.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 
	Aimee Semple McPherson | Cokesbury










 



  














          






 



All
Bible
Curriculum










          






 
Format:










Aimee Semple McPherson
Everybody's Sister










Author:

Edith Blumhofer





Binding:
Paperback




Publisher:
WILLIAM B EERDMAN CO




ISBN 10:
0802801552



ISBN 13:
9780802801555



UMPH:
595400




Publication Date:
12/1993






Product Extras














Eligible for FREEStandard Shipping





            $39.50
        



			    $3299




Notify me when back in stock

E-mail:



Need more information? Contact Us.


You'll be notified when this product is in stock.
Need more information? Contact Us.





                Usually ships in 1-2 business days
            

                Ships from a Cokesbury Connect Partner 


                Usually ships in 7-10 business days
            

                Usually ships in 3-4 weeks
            



				Want it tomorrow? Order by  and choose Overnight shipping at checkout.
            

				Want it in two business days? Order by  tomorrow and choose Overnight shipping at checkout.
            

                Want it Monday? Order by  tomorrow and choose Overnight shipping at checkout.
            










                Qty: 
































Select Style...








More About This Product


Product Description
Product Specifications
Additional Bible Information
Additional Curriculum/Series Information





One of the most influential and dynamic evangelists of the twentieth century, Aimee Semple McPherson (1890-1944) was a complex, controversial figure with a flair for the dramatic. Against the backdrop of the Roaring Twenties, Sister Aimee, as she was widely known, cultivated her ministry, preaching the -old-time religion- and calling for a return to simple biblical Christianity. A religious leader who strongly identified with ordinary folk, McPherson attracted thousands of fiercely loyal followers throughout the United States and Canada. Edith Blumhofer's thorough biography is grounded in extensive research and academic scholarship. The book offers unique insights into McPherson's Canadian and Salvation Army roots and her relationship with Pentecostalism. Significantly, Blumhofer had access to selected minutes of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel, a resource not available to previous biographers, and contact with both of McPherson's children, Roberta Semple Salter and Rolf McPherson. Dozens of photographs also help to illustrate McPherson's multiple roles as missionary, radio broadcaster, editor, mother, wife, and--above all--colorful and inspiring evangelist.









Actual Pages: 448

Weight: 1.34 lb.



Language of Text: English

Length: 9.02



Height: 0.98 in.

Width: 6.12


































   














COKESBURY SERVICES
About Cokesbury
Affiliates Programs
Gift Registry
Order Gift Cards
Check Gift Card Balances
Catalogs & Brochures
Seminary Bookstores

ACCOUNT SERVICES
Account Application

Automatic Shipments-Curriculum

Pay Your Cokesbury Bill

Statements
CONTACT US
Customer Care

Find a Consultant

QUICK LINKS
Site Map

Cokesbury Bible Finder

Cokesbury Curriculum Locator

Cokesbury Gift Finder

Return Policy

Disciple

Manual Order Form

Color Calendar

Careers



STAY IN THE KNOW
Sign-Up for Cokesbury News, Sales and Deals
















ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES









© 2017 Cokesbury | Privacy Statement

Thank you.  You will now receive Cokesbury News, Sales and Deals.
There was an error processing your request.  Please try again.
The email address you supplied is invalid.  Please check the email address and try again.

    



      

Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister:  Edith L. Blumhofer: 9780802801555 - Christianbook.com























































Hear about sales, receive special offers & more.You can unsubscribe at any time.


Enter email address














My Account

Wishlist

Help

Email Signup


Cart (0)  items
Checkout

Welcome to Christianbook.com! Sign in or create an account 




Search by title, author, isbn, etc.







Dollar Days- Shop $10 or Less





July Music Features





Flash Sale







Search within

All Products
Books
eBook
Music
MP3 Downloads
Accompaniment
Bibles
Homeschool
Gift & Home
DVDs
Christian Living
Children
Fiction
Software







Search



Bibles
VBS
Church
Bible Study
Books
eBooks
Fiction
Homeschool
Music
Kids
Toys
Gifts
DVD
Bargain



BestsellersPrayerChristian LivingSpanish ProductsMP3sVBSChurch SuppliesBible CoversFamilyGift CardsCatalogMembers










Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister
 By: Edith L. Blumhofer




 




Sample Pages

 







Buy Item
$35.55 Retail:  $39.50  Save 10% ($3.95) 5 out of 5 stars (1 Review)
 Expected to ship on or about 08/24/17.  Stock No: WW0155 Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co. / 1993 / Paperback 
Quantity:


 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10+ 

 






            Add To Cart
            Add To Cart
 












            Add To Wishlist
            Add To Wishlist



























Quantity:


 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10+ 

 






            Add To Cart
            Add To Cart

  











                Wishlist
                Wishlist


Call 



Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister By: Edith L. Blumhofer
More in Library of Religious Biography (LRB) SeriesWm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co. / 1993 / Paperback 5 out of 5 stars (1 Review)
Write a Review

Expected to ship on or about 08/24/17. Stock No: WW0155



 


BROWSE for Biographies

All Products

Books, eBooks & Audio&times

Non-Fiction&times

Biography&times

General Biography&times (1,254)













Refine by

Occasion▼▲ChristmasAudience▼▲TeensWomenMenMothersCouplesSeekers / New BelieversPastorsSinglesYoung AdultParentsBinding▼▲HardcoverMass MarketPaperbackTrade PaperbackFormat▼▲AbridgedLarge PrintUnabridgedLanguage▼▲ChineseEnglishSpanishMedia Type▼▲Audio CDeBookMP3MP3 CDSeries▼▲ABCEFGHLMPSTDRM▼▲DRM FreeDRM Protected
Author / Artist▼▲ A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y ZOtherPublisher▼▲ A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P R S T U V W X ZTop Rated▼▲1+ Stars2+ Stars3+ Stars4+ Stars5 starsPrice▼▲$0-$5$5-$10$10-$25$25-$50$50-$100$100 and upDiscount▼▲10%+ Off20%+ Off30%+ Off40%+ Off50%+ Off60%+ Off70%+ Off80%+ Off90%+ Off


Advanced Search Links

Advanced Search
Commentary Search
Bible Finder
Homeschool Finder
Song Search
Bible Study Search



 Editorial Reviews
This product is not available for expedited shipping.* This product is available for shipment only to the USA.





          Others Also Purchased (15)
       



Add To Cart







▼▲Others Also Purchased (15)
    


Add To Cart




Description Availability Price
Add Include


 
 






Her Heart Can See: The Life and Hymns of Fanny J. Crosby
                

In Stock 
$17.99
Retail: $24.00 



Add To Cart
 $17.99 

 
 






Second Coming Of Christ
                

In Stock 
$6.49
Retail: $11.99 



Add To Cart
 $6.49 

 
 






Divine Healing Sermons
                

In Stock 
$8.99
Retail: $12.99 



Add To Cart
 $8.99 

 
 






The Vine and the Branches: A History of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel
                

In Stock 
$18.99
Retail: $24.99 



Add To Cart
 $18.99 

 
 






William Ewart Gladstone Faith and Politics in Victorian Britain
                

In Stock 
$23.85
Retail: $26.50 



Add To Cart
 $23.85 

 
 






Blaise Pascal: Reasons of the Heart
                

In Stock 
$21.15
Retail: $23.50 



Add To Cart
 $21.15 

 
 






Main Street Mystics: The Toronto Blessing and Reviving Pentecostalism
                

In Stock 
$37.94




Add To Cart
 $37.94 

 
 






Contemporary Pentecostal Christianity: Interpretations from an African Context
                

In Stock 
$31.50




Add To Cart
 $31.50 

 
 






Julian of Norwich
                

In Stock 
$15.29
Retail: $16.99 



Add To Cart
 $15.29 

 
 






The Pursuit & Acquisition of Health & Wealth: A Theological Critique of a Cultural Influence on Pentecostal and Charismatic Christianity in a Contempo
                

In Stock 
$14.83




Add To Cart
 $14.83 

 
 






The Best Is Yet to Come: Pentecostal and Charismatic Revivals in Nigeria from 1914 to 1990s
                

In Stock 
$21.14
Retail: $23.49 



Add To Cart
 $21.14 

 
 






Christians in South Indian Villages, 1959-2009: Decline and Revival in Telangana
                

In Stock 
$18.99
Retail: $35.00 



Add To Cart
 $18.99 

 
 






Moody Classics Set of 6 Books - eBook
                

In Stock 
$16.49
Retail: $29.99 



Add To Cart
 0 $16.49 

 
 






Pentecostal Languages: A Biblical Exploration of the Gift of Speaking in Tongues
                

In Stock 
$19.08




Add To Cart
 $19.08 

 
 






The Way of Perfection, Contemporary English Edition
                

In Stock 
$14.39
Retail: $15.99 



Add To Cart
 $14.39 

 







View All 15 Products 

 

Add To Cart









Product Description▼▲
One of the most influential and dynamic evangelists of the twentieth century, Aimee Semple McPherson (1890-1944)was a complex, lively, and controversial figure with a flair for the dramatic. This absorbing biography offers unique insights into McPherson's Canadian and Salvation Army roots and her relationship with Pentecostalism. EdithBlumhoger utilizes selected minutes of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel-a resource not available to previous biographers-and her conversations withMcPherson's children, Roberta Semple and Rolf McPherson, to engagingly depict this colorful and inspiring evenagelist.

Product Information▼▲
Format: PaperbackNumber of Pages: 431Vendor: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co.Publication Date: 1993Dimensions: 5 1/2 X 8 1/2 (inches)ISBN: 0802801552ISBN-13: 9780802801555Series: Library of Religious Biography (LRB)

Other Customers Also Purchased


 

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Her Heart Can See: The Life and Hymns of Fanny J. Crosby
Edith L. Blumhofer Edith L. Blumhofer Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co. / 2005 / Trade Paperback 
$17.99
Retail: $24.00 Save 25%
($6.01)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Second Coming Of Christ
Aimee Semple Mcpherson Aimee Semple Mcpherson Whitaker House / 2014 / Trade Paperback 
$6.49
Retail: $11.99 Save 46%
($5.50)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Divine Healing Sermons
Amy Semple-McPherson Amy Semple-McPherson Whitaker House / 2014 / Trade Paperback 
$8.99
Retail: $12.99 Save 31%
($4.00)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
The Vine and the Branches: A History of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel
Nathaniel M. Van Cleave Nathaniel M. Van Cleave Creation House / 2013 / Hardcover 
$18.99
Retail: $24.99 Save 24%
($6.00)  


Related Products


 

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson
Daniel Mark Epstein Daniel Mark Epstein Mariner Books / 1994 / Trade Paperback 
$16.20
Retail: $18.00 Save 10%
($1.80)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
A Glimpse into Glory
Kathryn Kuhlman Kathryn Kuhlman Bridge-Logos Publishing / 1979 / Mass Paperback 
$10.99
Retail: $13.99 Save 21%
($3.00)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Daughter of Destiny: The Biography of Kathryn Kuhlman,
Jamie Buckingham Jamie Buckingham Bridge-Logos Publishing / 1999 / Trade Paperback 
$11.99
Retail: $15.99 Save 25%
($4.00)  3.5 Stars Out Of 5 2 Reviews  

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
God's Generals
Roberts Liardon Roberts Liardon Whitaker House / 2014 / Hardcover 
$15.99
Retail: $22.99 Save 30%
($7.00)  


Publisher's Description▼▲
One of the most influential and dynamic evangelists of the twentieth century, Aimee Semple McPherson (1890-1944) was a complex, controversial figure with a flair for the dramatic. Against the backdrop of the Roaring Twenties, Sister Aimee, as she was widely known, cultivated her ministry, preaching the "old-time religion" and calling for a return to simple biblical Christianity. A religious leader who strongly identified with ordinary folk, McPherson attracted thousands of fiercely loyal followers throughout the United States and Canada.Edith Blumhofer's thorough biography is grounded in extensive research and academic scholarship. The book offers unique insights into McPherson's Canadian and Salvation Army roots and her relationship with Pentecostalism. Significantly, Blumhofer had access to selected minutes of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel, a resource not available to previous biographers, and contact with both of McPherson's children, Roberta Semple Salter and Rolf McPherson. Dozens of photographs also help to illustrate McPherson's multiple roles as missionary, radio broadcaster, editor, mother, wife, and--above all--colorful and inspiring evangelist.


Author Bio▼▲
Edith L. Blumhofer is professor of history and director of the Institute for the Study of American Evangelicals at Wheaton College, Wheaton, Illinois.


Library Journal▼▲
``Sister'' was one of the best-known North American religious figures and media 
celebrities between the world wars. At long last, an objective and scholarly 
biography has been written about this controversial old-time religion revival 
evangelist. In this sensitive and engaging biography, Blumhofer, a historian 
(Wheaton Coll.) and editor ( The Christian Century ), depicts not only the 
woman who mixed piety and pageantry while crossing denominational lines but 
also the complex social scene of 1930s America. This volume outshines all other 
McPherson biographies, including Robert Bahr's Least of All Saints ( LJ 
5/1/79), which is a speculative and dramatic re-creation, and the poet Mark 
Epstein's appreciative and noncritical Sister Aimee ( LJ 12/92). An excellent 
bibliographic essay is included. Appropriate for general readers as well as 
scholars, this is recommended to public and academic libraries of all sizes.-- 
Gary P. Gillum, Brigham Young Univ., Provo, Ut.



Publisher's Weekly▼▲
In this vibrant biography of controversial, charismatic ``Sister'' McPherson 
(1890-1944), Blumhofer ( Restoring the Faith ) traces the influence of the 
celebrity preacher on 20th-century American protestantism. Seeking to separate 
the facts from the cloak of myth surrounding McPherson, the author chronicles 
the Ontario farm girl's religious formation by her mother, by the ``flamboyant 
style'' of the Canadian Salvation Army and by her Pentecostal first husband, 
Robert Semple, who died when Aimee was 19 and pregnant. As the center of her 
International Church of the Foursquare Gospel, Sister, who married Harold 
McPherson in 1912, built the Angelus Temple in Los Angeles, drew overflow 
crowds to her assemblies and broadcast from her own radio station. Blumhofer 
explores the inner loneliness of this divorced mother of a daughter and son 
(who served as sources for the study). While marital scandals and the shifting 
economic and societal tides of the 1930s dimmed McPherson's star, today a 
purported 1.5 million members worldwide follow her vision. Balanced and 
engrossing, this portrait also examines Sister's early application of modern 
promotional techniques to a religious endeavor. Photos not seen by PW. (Dec.)



Product Reviews▼▲





                    5 Stars Out Of 5
                



5 out of 5




5 Stars






                (1)
            



4 Stars






                (0)
            



3 Stars






                (0)
            



2 Stars






                (0)
            



1 Star






                (0)
            







Quality:




                        5 out Of 5
                    





(5 out of 5)




Value:




                        5 out Of 5
                    





(5 out of 5)




Meets Expectations:




                        5 out Of 5
                    





(5 out of 5)







100%


of customers would recommend this product to a friend.






Write Review







SORT BY: 


MOST RECENT
OVERALL RATING
HELPFULNESS




SEE: 


5
25
50






Displaying items 1-1 of 1

Page 1 of 1







Pastor Dale


Age: 35-44
Gender: male

 






5 Stars Out Of 5



Good Story of a Woman of God


September 30, 2011



Pastor Dale




Age: 35-44
Gender: male
  

Quality:




5
 
Value:




5
 
Meets Expectations:




5
  
            Despite the problems that Aimee Semple McPherson had in her lifetime, her story is one about a woman who deeply desires to do God's will. Dr. Blumhofer does an exception job in retelling the story of Aimee, taking us back to her early Canadian roots to her Evangelistic Career and then culminating in her death of accidental overdose in Los Angeles in 1944.
        














Was this review helpful?
Helpful Votes:

 YES (1) |
 NO  (0) 


Flag as inappropriate
















Displaying items 1-1 of 1

Page 1 of 1



Ask a Question▼▲

Have a question about this product? Ask us here.

Find Related Products▼▲
Books, eBooks & Audio >> Non-Fiction >> Biography >> General Biography

Author/Artist Review▼▲
I'm the author/artist and I want to review Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister.

Back&times
Ask a Question


What would you like to know about this product? Please enter your name, your email and your question regarding the product in the fields below, and we'll answer you in the next 24-48 hours.
If you need immediate assistance regarding this product or any other, please call 1-800-CHRISTIAN to speak directly with a customer service representative.



Name:



Email:



Question:




Submit

Edit

Confirm









Sign Up To ReceiveExclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time




Sign Up To Receive Exclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time





Sign Up







Connect With Us








 Account

Checkout
Account
Order History
Wishlist
Cart
Subscribe Email
Unsubscribe Email


 Shipping & Returns

Shipping & Handling Rates
Easy Returns






 Services

Affiliate Program
Gift Cards
Membership
Self-Publishing


 Catalog

Catalog Quick Shop
Online Catalogs
Request our Catalogs







 Community

Social Media
Prayer Wall
Author Profiles


 About Us

Company Info.
Job Opportunities


 Help

Customer Service
FAQ






 Shops

Bibles
Homeschool
Bargains
VBS
Christian Living
Toys
Gifts
Kids
DVDs
Fiction
Music
Academics







Desktop Site










 1-800-CHRISTIAN1-800-247-4784(Outside the United Statesand Canada Call: 978-977-5000)




 Email Us


140 Summit St. Peabody, MA 01960





Tax Information for VT and LA Residents
Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
© 2017 Christianbook.com, LLC
* 2 *













































		Select Works of Aimee Semple McPherson (3 vols.) - Logos Bible Software
	








































800-875-6467



Business Hours
Monday – Saturday6 AM – 6 PM PDT
Local: 10:58 AM










Sign In









Faithlife

								Your digital faith community
							







Logos

								Powerful Bible study tools
							







Vyrso

								Smarter Christian ebooks
							







Biblia

								Bible study online
							







Proclaim

								Church presentation software
							







Soundfaith

								Sermon text, illustrations, and media
							










 Signing in...
 








Forgot your password?
Sign In

 
No Account?
Your single Faithlife account signs  you in to all our sites.
Sign up for a free account








Products




Logos Bible Software

What is Logos Bible Software?
Features
View Base Packages
Feature Only Packages
Compare Base Packages
Upgrade to the Latest Version
Video Tour
Mobile Apps
Web App





Books

The Logos Book advantage
Browse all Books
Commentaries
Bibles
Sermons
Journals
Lexicons
Feature Enhancement Collections
Lexham Press Books
Vyrso eBooks
Noet Books





Courses

What is Logos Mobile Ed?
Certificate Programs
Course Catalog
Video Lectures
Meet the Faculty





Faithlife Church Products

What are Faithlife Church Products?
Proclaim Church Presentation Software


								Proclaim - Free Trial Download
							

Faithlife Groups
Faithlife TV
Faithlife Today
SoundFaith
Academic & Enterprise Solutions






Store




Shop Bible Study Software

View Logos 7 Base Packages
Compare Logos 7 Base Packages
Upgrading to Logos 7
Get my Personalized Recommendation



Shop New Products

Browse All



Shop by Language

Español
Deutsch
Português
한국어
简体中文
繁體中文





Shop Books

Browse All
Commentaries
Bibles
Journals
Sermons
Collected Works
Ancient Texts
Lexicons
Systematic Theologies
Grammars
Study Bibles



Pre-Order Books

Popular New Pre-Orders
Pre-Publication Products
Community Pricing Products





Shop Courses

Browse All
Topics
Faculty
Certificate Programs
Course Subscriptions



Shop Bundled Products

Feature Expansion Collections
Library Expansions
Journal Collections





Shop by Tradition

Anglican
Baptist
Catholic
Lutheran
Methodist/Wesleyan
Orthodox
Pentecostal/Charismatic
Reformed
SDA





Sale

Specials
Monthly Sale
Best Deals
Logos Merchandise
Free Book of the Month






Learn




Learn About Our Products

Bible Study Software
Logos 7 Video Tour
Mobile Education Courses
Books & Resources
Faithlife Church Products
Proclaim Presentation Software





Learn Ways to Save

Pre-ordering New Titles
Fund Titles with Community Pricing
Manage Budgets with Book Cache
Academic Discount Program
Interest Free Payment Plans
Logos Now Membership





Learn How to Use Logos 7

Learn from Logos Pros
Morris Proctor Seminars
Community Forums
Training Blogs
Training Products





Learn to Study the Bible

30 Day Training
Mobile Education Courses
Logos Pro Videos
Blog






Support




Get Help

Email
Chat
800-875-6467
Contact Page



Community Support

Forums
Wiki
Blog
Faithlife Group





Desktop

Windows Support
Mac Support
Installation



Mobile

iPhone Support
iPad Support
Android Support
Kindle Fire Support





Frequently Asked Questions

My Account
Logos 7
Logos Now
Basic Training
My Books
Mobile Apps
Payment Plans






Membership



Logos Now Membership

What is Logos Now?
Members Page
Early Release Features
FAQ
Join










Search
























Products


		Select Works of Aimee Semple McPherson (3 vols.)
	









				This image is for illustration only. The product is a download.
			





Select Works of Aimee Semple McPherson (3 vols.)

by McPherson, Aimee Semple 
•

N.P., Aimee Semple McPherson, The Bridal Call Publishing House 1919–1921








				Runs on Windows, Mac and mobile.
			







$20.99









 Add to cart




















Tweet










Overview
This collection of works by Charismatic revivalist, faith healer, and powerful preacher Aimee Semple McPherson contains her passionate preaching about Christ, addresses the Holy Spirit’s indwelling of believers, and discusses the importance of Jesus’ return. McPherson’s powerful preaching in 1920s Los Angeles mobilized and attracted a great number of followers. This collection illustrates what made her teaching so compelling and will gain a perspective on this influential preacher in American church history. These examples from her prodigious output will benefit those who wish to understand her mark on the subsequent Charismatic church movement and her season of influential ministry at the Angelus Temple.

In the Logos editions, these volumes are enhanced by amazing functionality. Important terms link to dictionaries, encyclopedias, and a wealth of other resources in your digital library. Perform powerful searches to find exactly what you’re looking for. Take the discussion with you using tablet and mobile apps. With Logos Bible Software, the most efficient and comprehensive research tools are in one place, so you get the most out of your study.

For more Pentecostal/Charismatic resources, check out the Charisma House Bundle.



Key Features

Offers sermons that are both ecumenical and focused on the work of the Holy Spirit
Contains evangelical messages that call for decision
Provides examples of early twentieth-century Charismatic teaching

 
Back to Top




Product Details

Title: Select Works of Aimee Semple McPherson
Author: Aimee Semple McPherson
Volumes: 3
Pages: 951
Christian Group: Pentecostal/Charismatic
Resource Type: Collected Works
Topic: Practical Life

 
Back to Top





Individual Titles


The Second Coming of Christ: Is He Coming? How is He Coming? When is He Coming? For Whom is He Coming?
Divine Healing Sermons
This Is That: Personal Experiences, Sermons and Writings of Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelist

 
Back to Top





 

The Second Coming of Christ: Is He Coming? How is He Coming? When is He Coming? For Whom is He Coming?

Author: Aimee Semple McPherson
Publisher: Aimee Semple McPherson
Publication Date: 1921
Pages: 120

Sample Pages: 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7




This scripturally supported study of the return of Jesus provides readers with clear evidence for Jesus’ imminent return. Because much of McPherson’s preaching (up to 22 sermons a week) was focused on moving her audience to a decision, her writing is also filled with many moving examples and illustrations that teach to the heart. Modern Christians will see timeless truths in a new way and will better understand the weighty implications of Jesus’ promise to return as reigning king.




 

Divine Healing Sermons

Author: Aimee Semple McPherson
Publisher: Aimee Semple McPherson
Publication Date: 1921
Pages: 146

Sample Pages: 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7




This volume contains hope-filled sermons on the themes of God’s work in the modern world, the scriptural relationship between salvation and healing, frequently asked questions about divine healing, and more. These sermons are filled with powerful rhetoric and turns of phrase that assist readers and hearers to live in light of God’s Word.




 

This Is That: Personal Experiences, Sermons and Writings of Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelist

Author: Aimee Semple McPherson
Publisher: Bridal Call Publishing House
Publication Date: 1920
Pages: 685

Sample Pages: 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7




This book contains the story of Aimee Semple McPherson, from simple agrarian life to nation-wide fame as a preacher and teacher. This account includes her baptism in the Holy Spirit, evangelistic campaigns, and ministry career. Readers will benefit from her story as well as her teaching in this focused study.




 
Back to Top




About Aimee Semple McPherson
Aimee Semple McPherson (1890–1944) was a prominent evangelist in Los Angeles and founder of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel. She performed public healings, promoted the idea of America as a nation particularly blessed by God, engaged in charity work, and became a model that many Charismatic churches emulated and followed. Her ministry casts a long shadow on this movement within the modern American church.

 
Back to Top








More details about these resources


Divine Healing Sermons


The Second Coming of Christ: Is He Coming? How Is He Coming? When Is He Coming? For Whom Is He Coming?


This Is That: Personal Experiences, Sermons, and Writings of Aimee Semple McPherson, Evangelist


















			 
		


Logos Bible Software

Logos 7
Books/Resources
Mobile Education
Blog
Forums
Mobile Apps



Logos Now

What is Logos Now
Members Page
Early Release Features
FAQ
Join Logos Now



Support

Contact Us
Windows Support
Mac Support
Mobile Support
Account
Returns
Training Videos
Installation
FAQ



Company Info

About Faithlife
What We Do
Press Room
Careers
Internships
Academic Discount
Contact
Visit Us



Faithlife Network

Logos Bible Software
Faithlife Groups
Logos Mobile Ed
Proclaim
Vyrso
Verbum
Noet
Bible Study Magazine
Soundfaith



 

Lexham Press
Faithlife Study Bible
Bible Screen
Every Day Bible
Kirkdale Press
Reftagger
Biblia
Verse of the Day
More




               


           


			 
		


Copyright 1992-2017 Faithlife / Logos Bible Software.

Privacy
Feedback
Mobile
Español
Deutsch
Português
繁體中文
简体中文
한국어

































Divine Healing Sermons:  Amy Semple-McPherson: 9781603749572 - Christianbook.com























































Hear about sales, receive special offers & more.You can unsubscribe at any time.


Enter email address














My Account

Wishlist

Help

Email Signup


Cart (0)  items
Checkout

Welcome to Christianbook.com! Sign in or create an account 




Search by title, author, isbn, etc.







Dollar Days- Shop $10 or Less





July Music Features





Flash Sale







Search within

All Products
Books
eBook
Music
MP3 Downloads
Accompaniment
Bibles
Homeschool
Gift & Home
DVDs
Christian Living
Children
Fiction
Software







Search



Bibles
VBS
Church
Bible Study
Books
eBooks
Fiction
Homeschool
Music
Kids
Toys
Gifts
DVD
Bargain



BestsellersPrayerChristian LivingSpanish ProductsMP3sVBSChurch SuppliesBible CoversFamilyGift CardsCatalogMembers










Divine Healing Sermons
 By: Amy Semple-McPherson




 




Sample Pages

 







Buy Item
$8.99 Retail:  $12.99  Save 31% ($4.00) In Stock Stock No: WW749572 Whitaker House / 2014 / Paperback 
Quantity:


 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10+ 

 






            Add To Cart
            Add To Cart
 












            Add To Wishlist
            Add To Wishlist






Buy eBook
Begin reading in seconds $8.99 eBook Details 
























Quantity:


 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10+ 

 






            Add To Cart
            Add To Cart

  











                Wishlist
                Wishlist


Call 



Divine Healing Sermons By: Amy Semple-McPherson
Whitaker House / 2014 / Paperback Write a Review

In StockStock No: WW749572



 


Browse

All Products

Accompaniment TracksBible AccessoriesBible CoversBible Studies & CurriculumBiblesBooks, eBooks & AudioBuy in BulkChildrenChurch SuppliesCloseoutsClothing & AccessoriesCrafts & RecreationDownloadDVDsGift & HomeHomeschoolLast Chance BargainsMusicNew ReleasePre-OrderSlightly ImperfectSoftwareSpanishStreaming VideoSubscriptionsSunday SchoolToysVBS




Refine by

Difficulty▼▲Non-TechnicalSemi-TechnicalTechnicalDepth▼▲Section-by-SectionVerse-by-VerseTheological Tradition▼▲BaptistCatholic / Eastern OrthodoxDispensationalEcumenicalEvangelicalMessianic / JewishPentecostal / CharismaticReformedReformed / PresbyterianWesleyan / MethodistDestination▼▲AfricaAntarcticaAsiaAustraliaBulgariaCanadaCaribbeanCentral AmericaChinaEnglandEuropeFranceGermanyGreeceIndiaIndonesiaIrelandIsraelItalyJapanMexicoMiddle EastNational ParksNetherlandsNew ZealandOceaniaPortugalPuerto RicoRussiaScandinaviaScotlandSouth AmericaSpainSwitzerlandThailandTurkeyUnited KingdomUnited StatesVietnamWorldDRM▼▲DRM FreeDRM ProtectedPhilosophical Branches▼▲AestheticsEpistemologyEthicsLogicPhilosophical Schools▼▲AtheismCritical TheoryDialecticsExistentialismNihilismRationalismSkepticismTheismPhilosophical Subjects▼▲EducationHistoryLanguageLawPoliticsPsychology
Top Rated▼▲1+ Stars2+ Stars3+ Stars4+ Stars5 starsPrice▼▲$0-$5$5-$10$10-$25$25-$50$50-$100$100 and upDiscount▼▲10%+ Off20%+ Off30%+ Off40%+ Off50%+ Off60%+ Off70%+ Off80%+ Off90%+ Off


Advanced Search Links

Advanced Search
Commentary Search
Bible Finder
Homeschool Finder
Song Search
Bible Study Search



 Product Close-up






          Others Also Purchased (15)
       
          Other Formats (2)
       



Add To Cart







▼▲Others Also Purchased (15)
    


Add To Cart




Description Availability Price
Add Include


 
 






Second Coming Of Christ
                

In Stock 
$6.49
Retail: $11.99 



Add To Cart
 $6.49 

 
 






Healing the Sick
                

In Stock 
$10.49
Retail: $15.99 



Add To Cart
 $10.49 

 
 






The Quest for Revival: Experiencing Great Revivals of the Past, Empowering You for God's Move Today
                

In Stock 
$10.99
Retail: $14.99 



Add To Cart
 $10.99 

 
 






Marie Woodworth Etter Collection: The Complete Collection Of Her Life Teachings
                

In Stock 
$10.49
Retail: $17.99 



Add To Cart
 $10.49 

 
 






Smith Wigglesworth: The Complete Collection of His Life Teachings
                

In Stock 
$20.99
Retail: $29.99 



Add To Cart
 $20.99 

 
 






Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God and Other Puritan Sermons
                

In Stock 
$3.99
Retail: $4.50 



Add To Cart
 $3.99 

 
 






The Holy Spirit
                

In Stock 
$15.29
Retail: $16.99 



Add To Cart
 $15.29 

 
 






Smith Wigglesworth on Spiritual Gifts
                

In Stock 
$6.99
Retail: $14.99 



Add To Cart
 $6.99 

 
 






Maria Woodworth-Etter: Collected Works
                

In Stock 
$21.99
Retail: $29.99 



Add To Cart
 $21.99 

 
 






Smith Wigglesworth on Healing
                

In Stock 
$6.99
Retail: $14.99 



Add To Cart
 $6.99 

 
 






The Greatest Bible Promises for the Anointing of the Holy Spirit
                

In Stock 
$4.99
Retail: $5.99 



Add To Cart
 $4.99 

 
 






Praying God's Word: Breaking Free from Spiritual Strongholds, Paperback Edition
                

In Stock 
$5.00
Retail: $14.99 



Add To Cart
 $5.00 

 
 






God's Book of Poetry: Meditations from the Psalms
                

In Stock 
$9.99
Retail: $12.99 



Add To Cart
 $9.99 

 
 






Firm Believer In Jesus Cap
                

In Stock 
$7.99
Retail: $9.99 



Add To Cart
 $7.99 

 
 






God's Generals
                

In Stock 
$15.99
Retail: $22.99 



Add To Cart
 $15.99 

 







View All 15 Products 

 

Add To Cart





▼▲Other Formats (2)
    


Add To Cart




Description Availability Price
Add Include


 
 






eBook
                

In Stock 
$8.99
Retail: $12.99 



Add To Cart
 0 $8.99 

 
 






Paperback
                

In Stock 
$8.99
Retail: $12.99 



Add To Cart
 $8.99 

 









Add To Cart









Product Description▼▲
In 1915, Aimee Semple McPherson began traveling around the United States, holding tent revivals with some crowds reaching well over thirty thousand people. The tent revivals of this vivacious and spirited speaker would last weeks in any given city across the country. She used a brass band, choirs, and props of all sorts in her sermons.During her ministry, tens of thousands of people were healed when Aimee prayed for them, but she herself took no credit for the healings, instead giving full credit to God. She insisted that divine healing was not found in the emergency room, the world of entertainment, or in the scientist's laboratory; it was a church sacrament, accessible by faith and devotion alone.Divine Healing Sermons is a collection of the messages McPherson preached during her amazing ministry. They remain as powerful and accessible today as they were a century ago.

Product Information▼▲
Format: PaperbackNumber of Pages: 128Vendor: Whitaker HousePublication Date: 2014Dimensions: 9.00 X 6.00 X 0.50 (inches)ISBN: 1603749578ISBN-13: 9781603749572

Other Customers Also Purchased


 

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Second Coming Of Christ
Aimee Semple Mcpherson Aimee Semple Mcpherson Whitaker House / 2014 / Trade Paperback 
$6.49
Retail: $11.99 Save 46%
($5.50)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Healing the Sick
T.L. Osborn T.L. Osborn Harrison House / 1986 / Trade Paperback 
$10.49
Retail: $15.99 Save 34%
($5.50)  5 Stars Out Of 5 9 Reviews  

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
The Quest for Revival: Experiencing Great Revivals of the Past, Empowering You for God's Move Today
Ron McIntosh Ron McIntosh Word & Spirit Publishing / Trade Paperback 
$10.99
Retail: $14.99 Save 27%
($4.00)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Marie Woodworth Etter Collection: The Complete Collection Of Her Life Teachings
Maria Woodworth Etter, Roberts Liardon Maria Woodworth Etter, Roberts Liardon Harrison House / 2012 / Trade Paperback 
$10.49
Retail: $17.99 Save 42%
($7.50)  


Related Products


 

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Second Coming Of Christ
Aimee Semple Mcpherson Aimee Semple Mcpherson Whitaker House / 2014 / Trade Paperback 
$6.49
Retail: $11.99 Save 46%
($5.50)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Sister Aimee: The Life of Aimee Semple McPherson
Daniel Mark Epstein Daniel Mark Epstein Mariner Books / 1994 / Trade Paperback 
$16.20
Retail: $18.00 Save 10%
($1.80)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Aimee Semple McPherson: Everybody's Sister
Edith L. Blumhofer Edith L. Blumhofer Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co. / 1993 / Trade Paperback 
$35.55
Retail: $39.50 Save 10%
($3.95)  5 Stars Out Of 5 1 Reviews  

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
The Quest for Revival: Experiencing Great Revivals of the Past, Empowering You for God's Move Today
Ron McIntosh Ron McIntosh Word & Spirit Publishing / Trade Paperback 
$10.99
Retail: $14.99 Save 27%
($4.00)  


Publisher's Description▼▲
The Groundbreaking Healing Ministry of Aimee Semple McPhersonIn 1915, Aimee Semple McPherson began traveling around the United States, holding tent revivals with some crowds reaching well over thirty thousand people. The tent revivals of this vivacious and spirited speaker would last weeks in any given city across the country. She used a brass band, choirs, and props of all sorts in her sermons. During her ministry, tens of thousands of people were healed when Aimee prayed for them, but she herself took no credit for the healings, instead giving full credit to God. She insisted that divine healing was not found in the emergency room, the world of entertainment, or in the scientist's laboratory; it was a church sacrament, accessible by faith and devotion alone.Divine Healing Sermons is a collection of the messages McPherson preached during her amazing ministry. They remain as powerful and accessible today as they were a century ago."What is my task? First of all, my task is to be pleasing to Christ. To be empty of self and be filled with Himself. To be filled with the Holy Spirit; to be led by the Holy Spirit."And#8212;Aimee Semple McPherson


Author Bio▼▲
Aimee Semple McPherson (1890And#8211;1944) was a woman ahead of her time. She crossed the United States with two young children in an era when women were not permitted to vote. She established an evangelistic ministry and built a large evangelistic center at a time when women were expected to marry, have children, and leave religion and other "important" pursuits to men. But God had a plan for her life that did not take into account human ways of doing things. As an evangelist who preached the gospel not only across the United States but also around the world, "Sister Aimee" incorporated the cutting-edge communications media of her day, becoming a pioneer in broadcasting the gospel on the radio. Upon opening the doors of Angelus Temple in Los Angeles in 1923, Sister Aimee developed an extensive social ministry, feeding more than 1.5 million people during the Great Depression. She summarized her message into four major points, which she called "the Foursquare Gospel": Jesus is the Savior; Jesus is the Healer; Jesus is the Baptizer, with the Holy Spirit; and Jesus is the soon-coming King. She founded the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel, also known as The Foursquare Church, which continues to spread the Foursquare Gospel throughout the world to this day. Recently, Time magazine named her as one of the most influential people of the twentieth century.


Product Reviews▼▲
Be the first to write a review!


Write Review




Ask a Question▼▲

Have a question about this product? Ask us here.

Find Related Products▼▲
Books, eBooks & Audio >> Christian Living >> Charismatic Interest >> Spiritual Gifts >> Healing

Author/Artist Review▼▲
I'm the author/artist and I want to review Divine Healing Sermons.

Back&times
Ask a Question


What would you like to know about this product? Please enter your name, your email and your question regarding the product in the fields below, and we'll answer you in the next 24-48 hours.
If you need immediate assistance regarding this product or any other, please call 1-800-CHRISTIAN to speak directly with a customer service representative.



Name:



Email:



Question:




Submit

Edit

Confirm









Sign Up To ReceiveExclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time




Sign Up To Receive Exclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time





Sign Up







Connect With Us








 Account

Checkout
Account
Order History
Wishlist
Cart
Subscribe Email
Unsubscribe Email


 Shipping & Returns

Shipping & Handling Rates
Easy Returns






 Services

Affiliate Program
Gift Cards
Membership
Self-Publishing


 Catalog

Catalog Quick Shop
Online Catalogs
Request our Catalogs







 Community

Social Media
Prayer Wall
Author Profiles


 About Us

Company Info.
Job Opportunities


 Help

Customer Service
FAQ






 Shops

Bibles
Homeschool
Bargains
VBS
Christian Living
Toys
Gifts
Kids
DVDs
Fiction
Music
Academics







Desktop Site










 1-800-CHRISTIAN1-800-247-4784(Outside the United Statesand Canada Call: 978-977-5000)




 Email Us


140 Summit St. Peabody, MA 01960





Tax Information for VT and LA Residents
Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
© 2017 Christianbook.com, LLC
* 3 *





























Amy McPherson - AngelList
































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











































Amy McPherson






Operations with engineering background. Product R&D in regulated industries. Project management, product testing, financial forecasting and planning. 







Operations



San Francisco



North Carolina State ...










2 Connections



















There was a problem loading your content.


















Amy McPherson



Log in
or
sign up
to find connections to Amy.





Connect














Experience











Otherlab


Director of Operations


Operations at Volute Inc., an Otherlab company developing conformable compressed gaseous fuel tanks. Leading scale-up: Working with engineers to create and maintain... more a detailed and achievable timeline, coordinating with supply chain, manufacturing, and strategic partners to create a manufacturing plan.Finance and budgeting: Tracking Payables/Receivables, closing books, billing grant agencies, producing budget projections, and coordinating with Otherlab's accounting team.












CertiRx


Director of Research

2009 - Present (almost 8 years)













North Carolina State University


Graduate Research Assistant

2007 - 2012 (about 5 years)









Founder

 



Employee

Otherlab, 
CertiRx, 
North Carolina State University



Investor

 



Syndicator

 



Incubator

 



Advisor

 



Attorney

 



Board Member

 



Mentor

 



Member

 



Acquired

 



Customer

 



Service Provider

 












Education















About










Achievements






I co-founded a startup in product authentication called CertiRx Corporation. I oversaw the completion of an FDA funded Phase I SBIR while managing multiple subcontractors working in parallel.


Describe the most impressive thing you've done.









Skills






Business Development
Documentation
Engineering
Estimating
Management
Product Development
Project Management
System testing
Microfluidics
Matlab









Locations






San Francisco









Markets






Medical Devices
Medical
Clean Energy






































Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified







    Amy Mcpherson Ltd | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Amy Mcpherson Ltd
    GB|DissolvedReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskDate of Last Filled Accounts
                                          28 Sep 2012
                                                                                Current Liabilities
                                          4.7k
                                                                                        GBP67.40%
                                          Total Long Term Liabilities— Total Assets
                                          4.7k
                                                                                        GBP67.39%
                                          DetailsCompany nameAmy Mcpherson LtdCompany number06785512Legal Entity Identifier—
                                                  Company typePrivate limited with share capitalIncorporation date07 Jan 2009Dissolution dateUnknownType of accounts filingTotal Exemption SmallLatest annual returns
                            07 Jan 2013
                        Latest annual accounts
                                    28 Sep 2012
                                SIC 2003
                                8520 — Veterinary Activities
                            SIC 2007
                                7500 — Veterinary Activities
                            WebsiteAdd websiteSocial MediaRegistered Address5 Ludgershall RoadPiddingtonOxonOX25 1PUUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
        
    Amy Mcpherson Ltd was set up on 07 Jan 2009        has its registered office in Oxon.
                Its current status is listed as "Dissolved".     
        
                        The company's first director was Amy Mcpherson.                        Amy Mcpherson Ltd
                                has no subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash0 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities4,709 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets0 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets4,584 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        veterinary activities
                                    
                                        health care
                                    
                                        animal health care
                                    
                                        veterinary surgeons
                                    
                                        surgeons
                                    
                                        veterinary surgery
                                    Location
                                    OX25
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionThe provision of veterinary surgeon services.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address5 Ludgershall RoadPiddingtonOxonOX25 1PUUnited Kingdom5 Ludgershall RoadPiddingtonBicesterOxfordshireOX25 1PUUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Aimee Semple McPherson | The Foursquare Church

























































































































































































































































logo





























































 

























 
About

 

 Search
 Menu
 



Search
 




 
 





Our History
Our Story. The History and Future of The Foursquare Church



Foursquare History
Aimee Semple McPherson
Heritage Center
Annual Stats
Foursquare Today

 




Sermons by Sister Aimee


Divine Healing
God Goes to Washington
Heaven Can Wait
Life Begins at Foursquare












	The 20th-century evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson was a woman ahead of her time. She crossed the United States with two young children in an era when women were not permitted to vote. She established an evangelistic ministry and built a large evangelistic center at a time when women were expected to marry, have children and leave religion and other “important” pursuits to men. But God had a plan for her life that did not take into account human ways of doing things.

	As an evangelist who preached the gospel not only across the United States but also around the world, Sister Aimee incorporated the cutting edge communications media of her day. People were healed by the thousands when she prayed for them, but she herself took no credit for the healings, instead giving full credit to God.

	Upon opening the doors of Angelus Temple in Los Angeles in 1923, Sister Aimee developed an extensive social ministry, feeding more than 1.5 million people during the Great Depression. She summarized her message into four major points, which she called “the Foursquare Gospel”: Jesus is the Savior, Jesus is the Healer, Jesus is the Baptizer with the Holy Spirit, and Jesus is the Soon-Coming King. She founded the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel, also known as The Foursquare Church, which continues to spread the Foursquare Gospel throughout the world to this day.

	The Beginning

	Aimee Semple McPherson was born Aimee Elizabeth Kennedy on October 9, 1890, near Ingersoll, Ontario, Canada, and was the only child of James and Minnie Kennedy. Although she was reared in a Christian home, she began to question the Bible during her teen years. When she was 17 years old and still in high school, she attended a revival service conducted by Pentecostal evangelist Robert Semple where she heard the message of repentance and a born-again experience. She resisted the message at first, but the Holy Spirit continued to speak to her heart, convicting her of the sin in her life and of her need for a Savior.

	After a three-day struggle with doubt and uncertainty, she prayed and asked the Lord to save her. As soon as she did so the weight of sin was gone and she was filled with amazing joy. When Aimee heard the evangelist speak also of the baptism with the Holy Spirit, she became consumed with the desire to experience that Pentecostal baptism. After a time of prayer and seeking the Lord, she was filled with the Holy Spirit and began speaking in tongues. From that time forward, she had a love and compassion for souls and a longing to serve the Lord that remained with her throughout her lifetime.

	Setting Sail

	The revival meeting that changed her life spiritually also changed her life romantically. Before long, the handsome Robert Semple had won Aimee’s heart, and the two were married in August 1908, just shy of Aimee’s 18th birthday. Their individual desires to serve the Lord seemed to fit together perfectly. After ministering in Chicago and the Ingersoll area, the Semples began preparations to go as missionaries to China. In 1910, shortly before Aimee turned 20, she and her husband of less than two years set sail for China. It seemed to the young couple that they would have a lifetime together, preaching the Word of God and ministering to those for whom the Lord had so burdened their hearts. But that was not to be.

	Robert and Aimee both contracted malaria within months of arriving in Hong Kong and Robert died only three months after their arrival, leaving Aimee as a nineteen year old penniless widow awaiting the imminent birth of her first child. When her daughter, Roberta Star Semple, was a month old, Aimee returned to the United States to face life as a single mother.



1
2
3


Next
 

 






 
 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started






























 



Fast shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, unlimited photo storage, and Kindle books.






Start your 30-day Prime Free Trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $99/year.  Cancel anytime.

                    
Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    











v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started



















v























