 


John D. McPherson | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




John D. McPhersonSenior Communications Representative at FirstEnergy CorporationLocationGreater Pittsburgh AreaIndustryPublic Relations and CommunicationsCurrentFirstEnergy CorporationPreviousTSOD, Ann Green Communications, Inc, WSAZ-TV NBCEducationWest Virginia UniversityRecommendations6 people have recommended John D.WebsitesBlog282 connectionsView John D.’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View John D.’s Full ProfileSummaryJohn McPherson is an experienced public relations, integrated marketing and crisis communications specialist.His forte is strategic analysis of emerging issues to recognize opportunities for positive media engagement and averting crisis. John has trained executive level managers of Fortune 500 companies in media relations and crisis management. He holds a Master's degree in Integrated Marketing Communications and  is at the forefront in this era of New and Emerging Media.Passionate about communications, John has developed stakeholder engagement groups for major chemical, oil and electric utility corporations, as well as for the State of West Virginia. He is curently Chief Public Spokesperson for the FirstEnergy's Beaver Valley nuclear power facilities, and coordinates internal communications for FirstEnergy's nuclear power facilites.in Pennsylvania. He sits on the Insititute of Nuclear Power Operations National Communcations Council.He has extensive experience in developing outreach programs for remediation, including Superfund and Brownfields sites.He has developed numerous crisis simulations, including nation-wide crisis drills for major corporations disaster drills in association with the Mine Safety and Health Administration, chemical industry associations, and on a regional basisA former television reporter, anchor and newsroom manager, John covered some of the most prominent disasters in recent time, including major chemical plant and refinery explosions, oil spills and tanker fires, natural and man-made disasters and the space shuttle Challenger. His work won some of the most prestigious awards in television. He still knows a good story when he sees one, and loves to tell it.The experience gained as a journalist covering major disasters and as crisis management consultant gives him a unique, incisive perspective on public relations, means of averting crisis and effective management should crisis occur.Specialties: Research and strategic analysis of emerging issues. Integrated communications strategies via Traditional and Emerging & Social Media. Crisis communications. Stakeholder and Focus Group development and facilitation. Spokesperson and Media Management training.ExperienceSenior Communications Representative / Chief Public SpokespersonFirstEnergy CorporationSeptember 2011  –  Present (5 years 11 months)• Corporate and Communications Management, with duties including regional and corporate-wide internal communications via multiple digital and traditional media platforms.• Advisor to corporate executives on communications strategies regarding current industry and regulatory issues. Develop executive messaging, including, presentations, talking points, and digital media scripts. • Chief Public Spokesperson responsible for emergency response communications efforts, including approval of news releases, spokesperson at press conferences, and coordination with state emergency management agencies.• Responsibility for consistent branding and messaging throughout the organization in support of corporate objectives, market positioning and regulatory and industry obligations.• Researching and writing for corporate publications, web portal, and supervisory briefing sheets, with emphasis on support of corporate vision and values, as well as current regulatory / industry issues.• Currently appointed to a seat on the national Industry Communications Council, responsible for recommending communications strategies to the nuclear energy industry and support organizations.Public Relations / Crisis Communications ConsultantTSODMay 2011  –  September 2011 (5 months)Consultant with training expertise in the areas of Media Relations, Crisis Communications,Risk Assessment, Stakeholder Outreach, Public Relations Campaign Development, and Strategic Analysis of Emerging Issues.Senior ConsultantAnn Green Communications, IncApril 1999  –  April 2011 (12 years 1 month)Specialist in creating effective communications strategies to help clients build relationships with communities, employees and stakeholders.Responsible for recognizing emerging media trends and developing response tactics. Long-range media planning, writing news articles, opinion pieces, newsletters, and scripting multi-media presentations. Development of web content. Recognized expert in crisis communications and media relations. Independent facilitator of community advisory panels throughout the East and Midwest. Clients have included DuPont, Sunoco, BASF, PPG Industries, FirstEnergy, Murphy Oil, NuStar Energy, MWV-MeadWestvaco, Arch Coal, Western Coal and others. Paticipant in media response and evaluation portions of the national Mine Emergency Responsiveness Development Program (MERD) disaster drills conducted by the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration.Managing EditorWSAZ-TV NBCJanuary 1996  –  April 1999 (3 years 4 months)Managed all phases of daily news department operations in two fully-equipped studios. Responsible for editorial content. Direct supervisor of more than 30 reporters, photographers and producers. Critical duties included developing writing talent and enterprise reporting skills of employees.Presented the corporate President's Award for part in development of a unique method of narrowcasting; delivering news of local interest to diverse portions of the market, simultaneously delivering different newscasts to cable systems in Charleston and Huntington. Developed station website in association with MSNBC, including specialized training on the Microsoft campus.Senior Correspondent for Special ProjectsKPRC-TV NBC/HoustonSeptember 1987  –  January 1996 (8 years 5 months)Headed Channel 2 News Investigative Unit. Produced and reported investigative reports, documentaries and long-form projects. Supervised public service projects and targeted special reports. Responsible for analyzing media trends and emerging public interests to focus content and achieve high ratings returns. Contributing producer/reporter of reports for NBC Nightly News and Dateline NBC. Won numerous journalism awards, including the Headliners Award for investigative reporting. Reports exposing juror harassment led directly to the drafting and implementation of the Texas Juror Protection Act. Documentary "The Chemical People" detailed decades of improper disposal of toxic waste by Exxon Corporation and won the Gold Award at the Houston International Film Festival.Senior CorrespondentWESH-TV NBC/OrlandoSeptember 1981  –  September 1987 (6 years 1 month)Developed and led Unit 2 Investigative Team. Produced andreported investigative projects and documentaries. Producer and anchor of a weekly news magazine. Won numerous awards, including two IRE Awards for the Best Investigative Reporting in the nation: for exposing an international adoption racket that provided kidnapped or terminally ill children; and for detailing illegal disposal of chemical waste by Orange County government.Documentary detailing harassment of American citizens of Hispanic descent by the U.S. Border Patrol, "Unequal Protection," selected for presentation at the New York Global Village Documentary Festival. Presented with a Congressional Commendation for covering the plight of refugees during the war in El Salvador.Anchor/ReporterWSAZ-TV NBCAugust 1979  –  September 1981 (2 years 2 months)Managed a weekend  news staff of six while producing and anchoring all weekend newscasts. Produced featured segments for the weekly news magazine A Closer Look. Mid-week general assignment reporter.Copywriter/Producer/ReporterWCLG FM/AMMay 1978  –  May 1979 (1 year 1 month)SkillsCrisis CommunicationsSocial MediaResearchTrainingSpokespersonMedia RelationsStrategic CommunicationsPress ReleasesPublic RelationsCorporate CommunicationsMarketing CommunicationsEvent PlanningPublic SpeakingEditingFundraisingSee 11+Event ManagementAdvertisingNon-profitsSocial Media MarketingMarketingIntegrated MarketingCrisis ManagementBroadcastInternal CommunicationsJournalismNewslettersSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationWest Virginia UniversityMS IMC, Integrated Marketing Communications Master's ProgramMS IMC, Integrated Marketing Communications Master's Program2011  –  2013West Virginia UniversityBSJ, Journalism - Second Major in EnglishBSJ, Journalism - Second Major in English1975  –  1979Activities and Societies: Mountaineer Marching Band, Society of Professional Journalists, Kappa Kappa Psi, Phi Signa KappaRecommendationsA preview of what LinkedIn members have to say about John D.:John McPherson is a extremely competent, conscientious, and attentive individual dedicated to customer service. I found his work exceptional.See moreSee lessJohn provided media training services to our organization on two occasions, one was for a specific issue and another was for overall media preparedness. For both events he was very thorough and catered to each person's skill level, and I felt confident that my team was better prepared for media interviews.See moreSee lessSign up to see who recommended John D.GroupsVoice Over Talent Needed : VoiceoverTV.NetSocial Media TodayPublic Relations and Communications ProfessionalsMedia & Marketing Professionals WorldwideMedia Training 101Mountain State MarketersCSR JobsSee 7 moreWest Virginia University IMC ProgramCorporate War Games, Drills and ExercisesMarcellus Shale GroupWVU AlumniMarcellus Shale ProducersNetwork After Work - Pittsburgh - Business/Professional Networking EventsCorporate Communications & ReputationSee lessView John D.’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact John D. directlyView John D.’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanChinese (Simplified)People Also ViewedDoug LawingPresident at John R. Eckel, Jr. FoundationJianbin RuanPostdoctoral research fellow at Boston Children's Hospital, Harvard Medical SchoolSharon BodrickGrant Writer, Workshop Facilitator, ConsultantCarl HaeflingPresident at Johnson Haefling FoundationAmbi Hill-Smith BHCMIIPA School Candidate
Outpatient Care Coordinator
Certified SpEd
CAMS Suicidality Treatment Nicole RosenChange your life one dance step at a timeRandy NguyenRetail Assistant at Primark Stores LimitedVivian Seigelmargot steinbergDirector of Individual Giving, CDO Scholar Rescue Fund at Institute of International EducationCarmen AndersonOwner at Center for Skin Care and Wellness | Skincare Expert | Future of AgingPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country

























MCPHERSON, JOHN D, Houston, Texas, TX 77098-3415














Join
or
Sign In





Toggle





All Contractors
By Category
By State


Government Contractors > MCPHERSON, JOHN D



MCPHERSON, JOHN DHouston, Texas


(713) 798-2160
2009 W Main St
Houston, TX 77098-3415
Fax:713-798-2033


Products & Services
NAICS Code(s)


541690Other Scientific and Technical Consulting Services





Expand Map


Found any discrepancies in your company profile?
Request to update/remove the information







Company Information


Company Name:
MCPHERSON, JOHN D
Address:2009 W Main StCity:HoustonState:TexasZip Code:77098-3415Phone:713-798-2160Fax:713-798-2033Contact Person:JOHN D. MCPHERSON, PH.D.Legal Structure:Sole ProprietorshipYear Established:2005



See Also

MOORE ARCHEOLOGICAL CONSULTING INC  Houston,  Tx
Services include archeological survey,  site testing and mitigation,  construction monitoring,  historical research,  and academic research. The firm exhibits specialized expertise 


ELLINGTON & ASSOC INC  Houston,  Tx
Specializing in the O&G industry expertise including geological/geochemical, petroleum/production engineering, processing/transportation engineering services comprised of feasibility studies,  conceptual/optimization studies,  project mgnt.


Independent Design Analysis Inc  Houston,  Tx
Specializing in Hardware/ Software Sneak,  Failure Mode,  Reliability,  Safety,  Quality analysis


GLOBROCKS CORPORATION  Houston,  Tx
Globrocks specialize in Consultative Computer Project Services and Business Technology Solutions. We cover the areas of Enterprise Design Architecture,  Advanced 


Blackhawk Management Corp.  Houston,  Tx
BLACKHAWK's core competencies: Electronic Weapons Systems Sustainment,  Engineering/Manufacturing,  Logistics & Maintenance & Information Technology. Provides eng,  design & manuf solutions,  










Home
About USAOPPS
USAOPPS BID
Pricing
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Local Sites



© 2015 USAOPPS.com. All rights reserved.






John D McPherson 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















 











 





John Edward McPherson - Sacramento, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John Edward Mcpherson in Sacramento, CA


John Edward Mcpherson

                                                                           Intelius found that John Edward McPherson  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Sacramento, CA.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

John D Mcpherson


Get Report Now

Age

John Edward Mcpherson is in his 60s

John Has Lived In

Sacramento, CA
Pocatello, ID

John's Relatives

Margaret McPherson
Rebecca McPherson
Theodore McPherson







John Edward Mcpherson



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John Edward Mcpherson
Get a Criminal Check on John Edward Mcpherson
Get a Public Record Report on John Edward Mcpherson
Get a People Search Report on John Edward Mcpherson


John Edward Mcpherson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John Edward Mcpherson has lived as well as John Edward Mcpherson's phone numbers and email addresses.




John Edward Mcpherson Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for John Edward Mcpherson


4812 M******* D* 

Sacramento, CA


Has Lived In

Sacramento, CA
Pocatello, ID


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John Edward Mcpherson

(916) ***-**** - Sacramento, CA 
(916) ***-**** - Sacramento, CA 
(208) ***-**** - Pocatello, ID 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John Edward Mcpherson

c*****2@***.com
j************n@***.com
j************9@***.com


Get Email Report




John Edward Mcpherson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John Edward Mcpherson


John Edward Mcpherson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John Edward Mcpherson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John McPherson
Username Matches

                  JohnMcPherson
                  McPhersonJohn
                  John.McPherson
                  McPherson.John
                  John_McPherson
                  McPherson_John
                  John-McPherson
                  McPherson-John
                  JMcPherson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J McPherson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














John D McPherson - Danville, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John D Mcpherson in Danville, CA


John D Mcpherson

                                                Intelius found that John D McPherson  is  a male from Danville, CA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

John Has Lived In

Danville, CA
Pleasant Hill, CA

John's Relatives

Kern McPherson
Charlene McPherson







John D Mcpherson



GenderMale



Professional Status
Diablo Valley College



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John D Mcpherson
Get a Criminal Check on John D Mcpherson
Get a Public Record Report on John D Mcpherson
Get a People Search Report on John D Mcpherson


John D Mcpherson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John D Mcpherson has lived as well as John D Mcpherson's phone numbers and email addresses.




John D Mcpherson Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for John D Mcpherson


295 L*** L* 

Danville, CA


Has Lived In

Danville, CA
Pleasant Hill, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John D Mcpherson

() ***-**** - Danville, CA 
(925) ***-**** - Danville, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John D Mcpherson



Get Email Report




John D Mcpherson's Professional Information
Information regarding John D Mcpherson's professional history.  Find out previous places John D Mcpherson has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


John D Mcpherson Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Diablo Valley College
               
John D Mcpherson's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Diablo Valley College
Job Details
               Diablo Valley College has an unmatched tradition of academic and athletic excellence. Winners of conference and bowl game championships, our efforts on the field are matched only by our support of our athletes off the field! With over 100 scholarships garnered over the past 5 seasons, our football program enjoys tremendous success matriculating student-athletes to four year programs. Coupled with this success is the fact that over 90% of all DVC football players have transferred to four year schools. During this same time period, DVC has won conference championships and appeared in three post season bowl games. The Diablo Valley College football program is a member of the Norcal Conference, which is highly regarded as the most competitive community college football conference in the nation. Conference member schools are Butte College of Oroville, City College of San Francisco, College of San Mateo, Foothill College of Los Altos, Santa Rosa Junior College, and DVC. The Viking Football Program is dedicated to 3 goals:To help young men build the foundation of their livesTo help our athletes reach their academic and athletic goalsTo win championships!
Additional Professional Information on John D Mcpherson

 See John D Mcpherson's LinkedIn Profile



John D Mcpherson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John D Mcpherson


John D Mcpherson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John D Mcpherson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John McPherson
Username Matches

                  JohnMcPherson
                  McPhersonJohn
                  John.McPherson
                  McPherson.John
                  John_McPherson
                  McPherson_John
                  John-McPherson
                  McPherson-John
                  JMcPherson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J McPherson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














John D Mcpherson Speaking Fee & Booking Agent Contact






































































call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532













 


















call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532    
 



About Us
Speaking Engagements
Appearances
Endorsements
Blog
Recent Bookings
Contact


















 

 




­ 



Home >
				Business Speakers >
				John D Mcpherson
		

John D Mcpherson Speaker Profile






 Business Speakers




 

Business Speakers, 
Fee Range: Call for Booking Fee
Travels From:  >

          Available Upon Request

          
          

          
          
						










Available For: 
												Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, Meet & Greets and Keynote Speeches 					 

John D Mcpherson Booking Agent Information
Contact Celebrity Talent Promotions now at 1-888-752-3532 to book John D Mcpherson for a guest appearance, motivational keynote speech, grand opening, autograph signing, product announcement, employee gathering, endorsement or speaking engagement. Our booking agents work on your behalf to get your organization the best price for your desired celebrity.
Booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with booking speakers such as John D Mcpherson for speaking engagements or appearances. Our agents have years of experience booking Business Speakers and can provide availability, fees and all costs associated with hiring John D Mcpherson for your next corporate event. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for John D Mcpherson call us at 1.888.752.3532.
John D Mcpherson Biography

John D. McPherson, Ph.D., is a Scientific Co-founder and serves as Consultant and Acting Vice President of Research and Development of Orion Genomics, LLC. Dr. McPherson also serves as an Associate Professor in the Department of Molecular and Human Genetics and the Human Genome Sequencing ...
>>Read More 


John D. McPherson, Ph.D., is a Scientific Co-founder and serves as Consultant and Acting Vice President of Research and Development of Orion Genomics, LLC. Dr. McPherson also serves as an Associate Professor in the Department of Molecular and Human Genetics and the Human Genome Sequencing Center of Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas where he is developing a program to utilize genomic and proteomic resources to study human disease and functional genomics. From 1993 to 1995, he served as an Assistant Professor of Biological Chemistry and Co-Director of the Human Genome Research Center of UCI. Dr. McPherson served as an Associate Professor of Genetics and Co-Director of the Genome Sequencing Center of Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, Missouri from 1995 to 2003. He serves as a Director of Orion Genomics LLC. Dr. McPherson is an expert in physical mapping and positional cloning and played a lead role in the generation of the human and mouse physical maps as part of the Human Genome Project. Dr. McPherson has developed novel methods for high-throughput physical mapping which can provide over 2 million bases of sequence-ready substrate per week to a DNA sequencing facility. His methods have become the standard by which all other groups involved in large-scale genome sequencing develop their map resources. He has co-discovered several human disease genes, including the gene for spinal muscular atrophy and a form of limb-girdle muscular dystrophy. He served as a Scientific Advisor of Orion Genomics LLC. Dr. McPherson holds a BS in Biochemistry from Queens University (Ontario) in 1983, his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Queens in 1989, and was a Postdoctoral Fellow in the Biochemistry Department at the University of California at Irvine from 1988 to 1992. 

Business Speakers such as a John D Mcpherson have been taking the stage and entertaining crowds for decades. The booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with John D Mcpherson speaking engagements or appearances. We have years of experience in booking Business Speakers for keynote speeches and autograph signings. Hiring a Business Speaker like John D Mcpherson is not a hard process. Our agents can provide availability, fees and all costs associated in bringing out a successful Business Speakers to your next corporate event. We can find John D Mcpherson’s agent to make this booking happen. A John D Mcpherson appearance will add energy to your upcoming event and reward employees, customers and clients. Most likely, fans and corporations can find John D Mcpherson‘s official website, charity involvement, Twitter account, representation, publicist and management info at https://www.celebritytalentpromotions.com. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for hiring a speaker, celebrity or John D Mcpherson for an appearance, autograph signing, endorsement or speaking engagement, call us at 1.888.752.3532 or fill out the booking form below













	     			﻿			  	John D Mcpherson  Speaking Videos






Disclaimer:
Some parts of the celebrities' biography may be used from Wikipedia, used under the GNU Free Documentation License. CelebrityTalentPromotions.com acts only as an celebrity broker for corporate functions, private events and speaking engagements, and does not claim or represent itself as John D Mcpherson's agent, speakers bureau, manager, publicist, assistant, PR firm or management company. Celebrity Talent Promotions is a Celebrity booking agency representing organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and corporate entertainment for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal celebrity appearances, spokes person campaigns and speaking engagements. John D Mcpherson's booking and appearance fees, costs and prices on this website are estimates and only act as a guideline. Booking fees are determined by several factors, including location of event, the celebrities schedule, desired duties, supply and demand and other market factors. Bios on this site are for informational purposes 















Check Availability


Fill out our form to get more information
on celebrity booking fees and availability






Fee Range:Please Select$2,500-$5,000$5,000-$10,000$10,000-$20,000$20,000-$30,000$30,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000 and UpNot Sure



 
Search Other Talent:



Search Talent:


 By Category 
Accountant
Activists
Actors
Actresses
Addiction Speaker
Adventurers & Explorer
Advertising
Advertising Speakers
Aerospace
Agriculture
Analyst
Animal Speaker
Anthropologist
Architect
Architecture & Design Speakers
Artist
Arts & Sciences
Astronauts
Astrophysicist
Athlete
Attorney
Authors
Auto Racing
Aviation Speaker
Banking
--Baseball
Behavior Expert
Black Heritage
Blogger
Boxing
Broadcasters
Broadcasting Speakers
Broadway Stars
Business Advisor
Business Coach
Business Executive
Business Growth
Business Leaders
Business Referral
Business Speakers
Business Trainer
Cancer Speakers
Celebrity Chefs
Celebrity DJ
Celebrity Headliners
Celebrity Personalities
CEO Speakers
Children's Rights Advocate
Christian Speakers
Classic TV Star
Coaching
Comedians
Commentator
Communication Speakers
Community Leader
Computer Graphics
Computers
Conflict Resolution
Conservative Speaker
Consulting
Corporate Responsibility
Creativity Speaker
Critic
Customer Service
Cybersecurity
Dancer
Design
Designer
Developer
Digital Marketing
Digital Strategist
Diplomat
Director
Diversity Speakers
Doctor
Documentary Producer
E-Commerce
Economics
Editor
Education Speakers
Empowerment Speaker
Engineering
Entertainers
Entertainment
Entrepreneur Speakers
Environmental Speakers
Ethics & Integrity
Extreme Sports
Fashion Designers
Fashion Speaker
Featured Business Speakers
Featured Celebrities
Featured Celebrity Chefs
Featured Comedians
Featured Overall Speakers
Featured Technology Speakers
Featured TV Personalities
Female Hollywood Celebrities
Female Speakers
Figure Skating
Filmmaker
Financial Speakers
Fitness Experts
Fitness Speaker
Foods
Football Celebrities
Footballs
Foreign Policy Speakers
Futurist
Gender and Sexuality Speakers
Generation Issues
Global Issues
Golf
Government Officials
Government Speaker
Graphic Design
Green Speakers
Growth Leader
Hall of Famers
Health & Wellness Speakers
Healthcare
Heroes
Hispanic Heritage
Historian
Hockey
Home and Garden
Homeland Security and Terrorisms
Horse Racing
Hospitality
Host
Host Emcee
Hot Celebrity
Human Resource Speaker
Human Resources
Human Rights
Illusionist
Information Technology
Innovation Speakers
Inspirational Speakers
International Business Speakers
International Relations
Internet / Youtube Sensations
Internet Security
Internet Speaker
Inventor
Investments
Jewish Speakers
Journalist
Judicial System Speaker
Keynote Speaker
Language and Linguistics
Law Enforcement
Leadership Speakers
Legal Speakers
Liberal Speakers
Life Coach
Lifestyle Speakers
Magician
Male Hollywood Celebrities
Marketing Speakers
Marketings and Brandings
Media Speakers
Medical Speakers
Mental Health
Military
Ministry Speaker
Missionary
Models
Motivational Speakers
Musician
Negotiation
Networking
News Anchor
Non Profit Speakers
Nonprofit Fundraising
Nutrition Speakers
Olympic Athletes
Pediatrics
Personal Development
Personal Finance
Personal Growth Speaker
Philanthropist
Philosopher
Photographer
Pilot
Poet
Political Speakers
Producers & Directors
--Professor
Programming
Psychology Speakers
Public Policy
Public Relations
Public Speaking
Publishing
Real Estate Speakers
Reality TV Stars
Record Label Producer
Relationship Speakers
Religion
Religious Speaker
Reporter
--Researcher
Sales Speakers
Scholar
Science & Engineering
Security Expert
Seminar Speakers
Sex Expert
Skateboarders
Skiing
Small Business Speakers
Soccer Celebrities
Social Media Speakers
Software Engineer
Spanish Culture
Sports
Sports Broadcasters
Sports Figures
Sports Inspiration
Sports Motivation
Strategist
Stuntman
Success
Supreme Court Justice
Sustainability
Swimmers and Divers
Swimming
Talent Agent
--Teacher
Teamwork and Teambuildings
Technology Speakers
Television Personalities
Tennis Player
Therapist
Top Technology Speakers
Top10 Business Speakers
Top10 Celebrity Chefs
Top10 Comedians
Top10 Technology Speakers
Top10 TV Personalities
TV Personalities
University Speakers
Venture Capitals
Vice President of a Business
Violence Speaker
Viral Marketing
Web Developer
Wine Enthusiast and Educator
Women Speakers
Women's Health
Women's Rights
Women's Speaker
Writer
Writers and Journalists
Youth Outreach
YouTube Sensations




 By Fee 
 Call for Booking Fee 
$5,000-$10,000
$10,000-$20,000
$20,000-$30,000
$30,000-$50,000
$50,000-$100,000
$100,000 and Up


 






Questions About Booking?

Speak to our 
Live Booking Agents
call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532



Similar Talent and Speakers


 
Jo Umberger
Speaker, trainer, coach and entrepreneur




 
Jim Webb
Former Virginia Senator, Warrior, Scholar, Poet and Leader




 
Jim Vasconcellos
Business Speaker and Trainer




 
Jim Vance
Author, Speaker, and Consultant




 
Jim Kennedy
Business Speaker




>>View More Speakers





 


Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now







 
  
 
 


 











403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Duerksen, John                                                                                                           - McPherson                                         , KS         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



KS



McPherson



General Automotive Repair Shops



General Automotive Repair Shops



                            Duerksen, John
                                    



 





















D 


Duerksen, John                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



121 E SUTHERLAND ST MCPHERSON, KS 67460
Get Directions



(620) 241-5194
 





Business Info



 Founded 1981
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $280,813.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries General Automotive Repair Shops
 Contacts John Duerksen                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Duerksen, John                                                                                                           was founded in 1981, and is located at 121 E Sutherland St in Mcpherson. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting John Duerksen                                                                                                            at (620) 241-5194. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















GMX











































GMX











































GMX











































GMX











































GMX






































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started



















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Public Records Official

























McPherson Records
Find McPherson Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              McPherson Records           	
Do you need access to arrest records, birth records or court records? A McPherson Records search is a quick and private way to find your public records on our site and you can utilize our public records database to print out your records from home anytime. If by chance you need to get your court records, birth records, alias records, jail records, address records, criminal records, and other types of public records, you can start a McPherson Records search on our public records site. It's quick, optimized, private, and helpful so you can locate records 7-days a week.

In case you're uncertain how to begin or you think you require exceptional law knowledge to get McPherson Records. You don't need anything special to get started. Perhaps you think you're suspecting that you have to get written authorization. That's not required either. When you're ready to start a McPherson Records search, all it takes to get your public records is to type your name in the search field on our site. You can get McPherson Records and print what you need from your search. 

Simply go to our public records site and type your name or someone else's name in the search box area to get your public records. That is all you need to do to find your McPherson Records. Begin a new search for McPherson Records right now and you can have your records printed out in no time flat. As you are only a few steps away from having your McPherson Records, don't wait any longer. Begin your public records now and get your McPherson Records today!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official
























INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS 
Police Records, Mugshots, Contact Information and Much More!  






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS            	
background checks Records are available instantly. Just enter the name of the person that you would like to search. You will then be able to view all the background checks Records that pertain to that person. background checks Records are public records which are documents or pieces of information that are not considered confidential and can be viewed instantly online.






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























CRIMINAL RECORDS  
Find Criminal Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              CRIMINAL RECORDS             	
Criminal Records is a search database that you've been looking for. If you're to make informed decisions, then it becomes extremely important for you to rely on quality search database. If you're to background checks, then we're a name you can rely on. If you aren't sure of how to get started with Criminal Records, then rest assured, it isn't much of a hassle anyway. So, what does it actually take to search Criminal Records? Nothing much. All you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. 
Just enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information including criminal records and arrest records. If this something you don't want to miss out on, then all you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. If this sounds interesting enough, then make sure to search Criminal Records. You'll be provided with all the comprehensive, detailed and timely search results that can count on in terms of ascertaining one's public background. As long as you know the name, you can search Criminal Records with complete peace of mind. 
When you search Criminal Records, you're provided with all the required Criminal Records information within minutes. This means you no longer have to wait for hours to receive the required Criminal Records information. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from.
Try your Criminal Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official
























PUBLIC RECORDS
Find Public Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              PUBLIC RECORDS           	
Public Records searches can help you find records regardless of where you live. If you want to find a man or woman from your past, or if by chance you want to search for accessible Public Records, you can use a records inquiry to help you. 

If you are concerned how this may be possible or how would you find records to help you find somebody with an online request, it's simple. These are Public Records. When you are prepared to begin a Public Records search, you can essentially just go to our Public Records site and enter your name or another person's name in the inquiry bar and with a few direct steps, you can access records for anybody that you want. You have search throughout the day, consistently and you can search conveniently from home. 

Searching for Public Records? The speediest way to find the records you want is to go to our online database. It's super easy to start. You can basically add your name or the name of somebody else in the inquiry field and you can start a new search for Public Records. Maybe you are searching for an old companion or relative you lost contact with years ago. When you go to our site, you will see that you can get the address records they want to help you with your request. You can even print them out.

When you're prepared to begin a Public Records inquiry, you can get brisk access to Public Records you want to find. Our site is accessible night and day and you never have to wait in line again. Search for Public Records right away and get your records quickly!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























Driving Records
Find Driving Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              Driving Records           	
Driving Records is a comprehensive enough search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. Whether you're to make background checks or opinionated decisions, Driving Records search helps you with all of that. From birth date records to address records, and from public records to court records, you're provided with all the public records information you'd like for. If this sounds interesting enough, then what are you waiting for? 

Getting hold of the required and relevant public records information is as easy as it gets. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. That's correct. All you need is to enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information with ease. If this sounds interesting enough, then rest assured, there isn't much you need to do to search Driving Records. If you know the name of the person, then that's about it.

When you search Driving Records, you're provided with all the information in the nick of time. This means you don't have to put in much of an effort to search Driving Records. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. If you don't want to spend hours waiting for the information you require, then make sure to search Driving Records. We're a search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. 

If you're feeling like going ahead with Driving Records, then try your Driving Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 






















