




James P McVeigh - Haskins, OH | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James P Mcveigh in Haskins, OH


James P Mcveigh

                                                                           Intelius found that James P McVeigh  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Haskins, OH.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jim  Mcveigh


Get Report Now

Age

James P Mcveigh is in his 50s

James Has Lived In

Haskins, OH
Bowling Green, OH
Toledo, OH

James's Relatives

Jennifer McVeigh
Allison McVeigh
Emily McVeigh







James P Mcveigh



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James P Mcveigh
Get a Criminal Check on James P Mcveigh
Get a Public Record Report on James P Mcveigh
Get a People Search Report on James P Mcveigh


James P Mcveigh's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James P Mcveigh has lived as well as James P Mcveigh's phone numbers and email addresses.




James P Mcveigh Has Lived in 1 States
Ohio Address for James P Mcveigh


109 K******** A** 

Haskins, OH


Has Lived In

Haskins, OH
Bowling Green, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James P Mcveigh

(419) ***-**** - Haskins, OH 
(419) ***-**** - Haskins, OH 
(419) ***-**** - Bowling Green, OH 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James P Mcveigh

j***********h@***.net


Get Email Report




James P Mcveigh's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James P Mcveigh


James P Mcveigh's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James P Mcveigh's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James McVeigh
Username Matches

                  JamesMcVeigh
                  McVeighJames
                  James.McVeigh
                  McVeigh.James
                  James_McVeigh
                  McVeigh_James
                  James-McVeigh
                  McVeigh-James
                  JMcVeigh
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J McVeigh







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.























James P. McVeigh - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















James P. McVeigh
Former Board Member at Monster Worldwide, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you James P. McVeigh? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James P. McVeigh's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James P. McVeigh's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James P. McVeigh's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James P. McVeigh through your network of contacts.
												








James P. McVeigh's Executive Work History


Past
To view James P. McVeigh's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
53

 
 


James P. McVeigh's Biography



Mr. McVeigh has been Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Cyndx Advisors LLC ("Cyndx") since December 2013. Prior to founding Cyndx, Mr. McVeigh had been a Managing Director in Bank of America Merrill Lynch's ("BofAML") Technology, Media & Telecom Corporate and Investment Banking Division since March 2003. Prior to joining BofAML, Mr. McVeigh spent five years with Credit Suisse/DLJ's Media & Telecom Investment Banking Group and four years at Salomon Brothers in their Large Cap Diversified and Technology Group. Prior to beginning his career in investment banking, Mr. McVeigh served in the United States Navy, rising to the rank of Lieutenant  ...
(Read More)

			Mr. McVeigh has been Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Cyndx Advisors LLC ("Cyndx") since December 2013. Prior to founding Cyndx, Mr. McVeigh had been a Managing Director in Bank of America Merrill Lynch's ("BofAML") Technology, Media & Telecom Corporate and Investment Banking Division since March 2003. Prior to joining BofAML, Mr. McVeigh spent five years with Credit Suisse/DLJ's Media & Telecom Investment Banking Group and four years at Salomon Brothers in their Large Cap Diversified and Technology Group. Prior to beginning his career in investment banking, Mr. McVeigh served in the United States Navy, rising to the rank of Lieutenant and was the recipient of two Navy Commendation Medals for service during the Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield. Mr. McVeigh is also a director of the following private company: Mode Media Corporation.
		
Source: Monster Worldwide, Inc. on 04/28/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James P. McVeigh's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James P. McVeigh. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James P. McVeigh's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James P. McVeigh's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James P. McVeigh through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James P. McVeigh


















James P. McVeigh's Connections (11)





Sign up now to view James P. McVeigh's 11 connections »









Gillian Munson
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, XO Group Inc.









Edmund P. Giambastiani
Board Member, Monster Worldwide, Inc.









Mark Stoever
President and Chief Operating Officer, Monster Worldwide, Inc.









John R. Gaulding
Board Member, Monster Worldwide, Inc.









Timothy T. Yates
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Monster Worldwide, Inc.









Michael C. Miller
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Monster Worldwide, Inc.









Roberto Tunioli
Board Member, Monster Worldwide, Inc.









James M. Langrock
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Monster Worldwide, Inc.









Jeffrey F. Rayport
Board Member, Monster Worldwide, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















James P Mcveigh, Captain from California, World War II Casualty














































MAIN MENU







States
Wars
MIAs
POWs
Today
Features
Resources
Supporters
Search










Home > California > World War II > Army Air Forces > James P Mcveigh



James P Mcveigh




World War Two






James P Mcveigh-- Profile Image Not Found --




Related Categories:
World War II

California

Battle of Luzon








Declared Missing in Action







Service Details

 NAME  James P Mcveigh 
 SERVICE #  0572628 
 STATE  California 
 CASUALTY  05-30-1945 
 WAR  World War II 
 SERVICE  Army Air Forces 
 RANK  Captain 
 UNIT  Headquarters, India-Burma Air Service Command 
 DETAILS  Missing in action 
 BURIAL  Tablets of the Missing Manila American Cemetery Manila, Philippines 
 AWARDS 
★ American Campaign Medal
★  World War II Victory Medal 






Upload Image or Suggest Corrections





▼ Comments

Posted by Admin

Would you like to submit a comment or tribute? - It's easy to do and your testimonials and memories help others learn about and remember James P Mcveigh.



Submit a Comment







California at War




In our archive we have 20,171 Gold Star casualties from California .. those who were born, raised or lived in, enlisted from, or were in some other way significantly associated with the state during four major wars of the 20th century. Here are the casualty numbers for each war: World War I - 882 World War II - 11,059 Korean War - 2,650 Vietnam War - 5,580In addition, we have identified 90 U.S. service members from all states who suffered casualties on 05-30-1945 .. the same day as Captain James P Mcveigh.Important Note - These statistics are based on our archival data, which is about 95% complete for Korea and Vietnam, but only about 50% for WW I and II.





California Honors Gallery























National and State Supporters




San Diego Coin & Bullion


Specialists in buying and selling rare coins, currency and precious metals. One of Southern California’s most respected dealers.  - Fun fact - In Renaissance times coin collecting was known as the “Hobby of Kings.”

sandiegocoin.com







WWII American POW Archive


Records of over 140,000 U.S. service members and civilians who were held captive by Japan and Germany during World War II. Information derived from public sources such as the DOD and United States National Archives and Records Administration.

ww2pow.info







About Our Supporters
Our Supporters are essential partners in promoting the mission of Honor States .. to research and archive the names, faces, life histories .. of the over half million Americans who gave their lives in times of war .. and to ensure their legacies are made freely and easily available to the generations of today and of the future. 















States
Wars
Search
Today
About


Contact
Privacy
Terms
Resources
Supporters












Copyright 2017, Created in the USA









At the Front Lines Honoring American Gold Star Casualties
In just a few short years, HonorStates.org has become the "front line" in archiving the names, faces, histories, of hundreds of thousands of American casualties of war. Each day, thousands of people from around the world visit this site. They search for names. They contribute photos and biographical details. They help us build a national treasure placed in the public trust for generations of today and the future.






Proudly Made and Managed in the United States
Since 2015, when first launched, HonorStates.org has been developed and grown by a small (but hugely dedicated) team based in San Diego, California. Our mission is to bring lasting recognition and honor to American service members who gave their all in times of war. The "Gold Star" casualties. This is a solid American product. One that reaches out to the world with a simple message. Never forgotten. Forever honored.






General Disclaimer - This is a private sector project developed by Crafted Knowledge. Although we enter into collaborative associations with many supporting organizations, this site is not owned or operated by any Government body. All information found on this site has been obtained through fair use public contributions. We've done our best to craft a valuable and comprehensive product for the benefit of our world's collective history, however we make no claims of 100% accuracy. If you wish to submit corrections or suggestions, please contact us.















Timothy McVeigh - Wikipedia






















 






Timothy McVeigh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the United States Navy sailor, see Timothy R. McVeigh.


Timothy McVeigh



FBI mugshot of McVeigh in 1995.



Born
Timothy James McVeigh
(1968-04-23)April 23, 1968
Lockport, New York, U.S.


Died
June 11, 2001(2001-06-11) (aged 33)
USP Terre Haute in Terre Haute, Indiana, U.S.


Cause of death
Execution by lethal injection


Nationality
American


Other names
Tim Tuttle[1]
Darel Bridges[2]
Robert Kling


Occupation
U.S. Army veteran, security guard


Criminal penalty
Death by lethal injection


Criminal status
Executed





Motive
Retaliation for the Waco Siege, Ruby Ridge, other government raids and general U.S. foreign policy


Conviction(s)
Use of a weapon of mass destruction
Conspiracy use of a weapon of mass destruction
Destructive use of explosives or incendiary devices
8 counts of first-degree murder of 8 federal law enforcement officers


Partner(s)
Terry Nichols
Michael Fortier


Killings


Date
April 19, 1995
9:02 a.m. (CDT)


Location(s)
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.


Target(s)
Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, housing Federal government


Killed
168


Injured
680+


Weapon
Ammonium nitrate and nitromethane fertilizer truck bomb





Timothy James McVeigh (April 23, 1968 – June 11, 2001) was an American domestic terrorist convicted[3] and executed[4] for the detonation of an ammonium nitrate fertilizer and nitromethane truck bomb in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995.[5] Commonly referred to as the Oklahoma City bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600.[6] According to the United States government, it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the United States prior to the September 11 attacks, and remains the most significant act of domestic terrorism in United States history.
McVeigh, a Gulf War veteran, sought revenge against the federal government for its handling of the 1993 Waco siege, which ended in the deaths of 76 people exactly two years before the bombing, as well as for the 1992 Ruby Ridge incident. McVeigh hoped to inspire a revolt against the federal government. He was convicted of eleven federal offenses and sentenced to death. His execution was carried out in a considerably shorter amount of time than average after his trial, as most convicts on death row in the United States spend an average of fifteen years awaiting execution. Four years after his conviction, McVeigh was executed by lethal injection on June 11, 2001, at the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana. Terry Nichols and Michael Fortier were also convicted as conspirators in the plot. Nichols was sentenced to 161 life terms without parole. Fortier was sentenced to 12 years and has since been released.



Contents


1 Childhood
2 Military life
3 Post-military life

3.1 1993 Waco siege and gun shows


4 Arizona with Fortier
5 With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices
6 Plan against federal building or individuals
7 Oklahoma City bombing
8 Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing
9 Incarceration and execution
10 Associations
11 Religious beliefs
12 Motivations for the bombing
13 Accomplices
14 See also
15 References
16 Further reading
17 External links



Childhood[edit]
McVeigh was born in Lockport, New York, the only son and the second of three children of Mildred "Mickey" Noreen (née Hill) and William McVeigh.[1] His Irish American[7] parents divorced when he was ten years old, and he was raised by his father in Pendleton, New York.[1][8]
McVeigh claimed to have been a target of bullying at school, and he took refuge in a fantasy world where he imagined retaliating against the bullies.[9] At the end of his life, he stated his belief that the United States government is the ultimate bully.[10] Most who knew McVeigh remember him as being very shy and withdrawn, while a few described him as an outgoing and playful child who withdrew as an adolescent. McVeigh is said to have had only one girlfriend during his adolescence; he later stated to journalists that he did not have any idea how to impress girls.[11]
While in high school, McVeigh became interested in computers and hacked into government computer systems on his Commodore 64 under the handle "The Wanderer", borrowed from the song by Dion DiMucci. In his senior year, McVeigh was named Starpoint Central High School's "most promising computer programmer,"[12] but he maintained relatively poor grades until his 1986 graduation.[1]
McVeigh was introduced to firearms by his grandfather. He told people he wanted to be a gun shop owner and sometimes took firearms to school to impress his classmates. McVeigh became intensely interested in gun rights, as well as the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, after he graduated from high school, and read magazines such as Soldier of Fortune. He briefly attended Bryant & Stratton College before dropping out.[13][14]
Military life[edit]
In May 1988, at the age of 20, McVeigh graduated from the U.S. Army Infantry School at Fort Benning, Georgia.[15] While in the military, McVeigh used much of his spare time to read about firearms, sniper tactics, and explosives.[16] McVeigh was reprimanded by the military for purchasing a "White Power" T-shirt at a Ku Klux Klan protest against black servicemen who wore "Black Power" T-shirts around a Military installation (primarily Army).[17]
He was a top-scoring gunner with the 25mm cannon of the Bradley Fighting Vehicles used by his 1st Infantry Division.[18] He was stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, before being deployed on Operation Desert Storm.
Speaking of his experience in Kuwait in an interview before his execution, documented in McVeigh's authorized biography American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh & the Tragedy at Oklahoma City, he stated he decapitated an Iraqi soldier with cannon fire on his first day in the war and celebrated. He said he later was shocked to be ordered to execute surrendering prisoners and to see carnage on the road leaving Kuwait City after U.S. troops routed the Iraqi army. McVeigh received several service awards, including the Bronze Star Medal,[1] National Defense Service Medal,[19] Southwest Asia Service Medal,[20] Army Service Ribbon,[20] and the Kuwaiti Liberation Medal.[19]
McVeigh aspired to join the United States Army Special Forces (SF). After returning from the Gulf War, he entered the selection program. However, he washed out on the second day of the 21-day assessment and selection course for the Special Forces. McVeigh decided to leave the Army and was honorably discharged in 1991.[21]
Post-military life[edit]
After leaving the United States Army in 1992, McVeigh grew increasingly transient. At first he worked briefly near his hometown of Pendleton as a security guard for Pinkerton Government Services at Calspan in Cheektowaga, where he spoke daily to his co-worker Carl Lebron, Jr. about his loathing for government. Deciding the Buffalo area was too liberal, he left his job and began driving around the country, seeking out his old friends from the Army.[22]
McVeigh wrote letters to local newspapers complaining about taxes:

Taxes are a joke. Regardless of what a political candidate "promises," they will increase. More taxes are always the answer to government mismanagement. They mess up. We suffer. Taxes are reaching cataclysmic levels, with no slowdown in sight. [...] Is a Civil War Imminent? Do we have to shed blood to reform the current system? I hope it doesn't come to that. But it might.[23]

McVeigh also wrote to Representative John J. LaFalce ((D) New York),[24] complaining about the arrest of a woman for carrying mace:

It is a lie if we tell ourselves that the police can protect us everywhere at all times. Firearms restrictions are bad enough, but now a woman can't even carry Mace in her purse?[24]

While visiting friends in Decker, Michigan, McVeigh reportedly complained that the Army had implanted a microchip into his buttocks so that the government could keep track of him.[1] McVeigh worked long hours in a dead-end job and felt that he did not have a home. He sought romance, but his advances were rejected by a co-worker and he felt nervous around women. He believed that he brought too much pain to his loved ones.[25] He grew angry and frustrated at his difficulties in finding a girlfriend and he took up obsessive gambling.[26] Unable to pay back gambling debts, he took a cash advance and then defaulted on his repayments. He then began looking for a state without heavy government regulation or high taxes. He became enraged when the government told him that he had been overpaid $1,058 while in the Army and he had to pay back the money. He wrote an angry letter to the government inviting them to:

Go ahead, take everything I own; take my dignity. Feel good as you grow fat and rich at my expense; sucking my tax dollars and property.[27]

McVeigh introduced his sister to anti-government literature, but his father had little interest in these views. He moved out of his father's house and into an apartment that had no telephone, which had the advantage of making it impossible for his employer to contact him for overtime assignments. He also quit the NRA, viewing its stance on gun rights as too weak.[28]
1993 Waco siege and gun shows[edit]
In 1993, he drove to Waco, Texas during the Waco siege to show his support. At the scene, he distributed pro-gun rights literature and bumper stickers, such as "When guns are outlawed, I will become an outlaw." He told a student reporter:

The government is afraid of the guns people have because they have to have control of the people at all times. Once you take away the guns, you can do anything to the people. You give them an inch and they take a mile. I believe we are slowly turning into a socialist government. The government is continually growing bigger and more powerful, and the people need to prepare to defend themselves against government control.[29][30]

For the five months following the Waco siege, McVeigh worked at gun shows and handed out free cards printed up with Lon Horiuchi's name and address, "in the hope that somebody in the Patriot movement would assassinate the sharpshooter." (Horiuchi is an FBI sniper and some of his official actions have drawn controversy, specifically his shooting and killing of Randy Weaver's wife while she held an infant child.) He wrote hate mail to the sniper, suggesting that "what goes around, comes around". McVeigh later considered putting aside his plan to target the Murrah Building to target Horiuchi or a member of his family instead.[31]
McVeigh became a fixture on the gun show circuit, traveling to forty states and visiting about eighty gun shows. McVeigh found that the further west he went, the more anti-government sentiment he encountered, at least until he got to what he called "The People's Socialist Republic of California."[32] McVeigh sold survival items and copies of The Turner Diaries. One author said:

In the gun show culture, McVeigh found a home. Though he remained skeptical of some of the most extreme ideas being bandied around, he liked talking to people there about the United Nations, the federal government and possible threats to American liberty.[33]

Arizona with Fortier[edit]
McVeigh had a road atlas with hand-drawn designations of the most likely places for nuclear attacks and considered buying property in Seligman, Arizona, which he determined to be in a "nuclear-free zone." McVeigh lived with Michael Fortier in Kingman, Arizona, and they became so close that he served as best man at Fortier's wedding. McVeigh experimented with cannabis and methamphetamine after first researching their effects in an encyclopedia.[34] However, he was never as interested in drugs as Fortier was. One of the reasons they parted ways was McVeigh's boredom with Fortier's drug habits.[35]
With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices[edit]
In April 1993, McVeigh headed for a farm in Michigan where Terry Nichols lived. In between watching coverage of the Waco siege on TV, Nichols and his brother began teaching McVeigh how to make explosives out of readily available materials; specifically, they combined household chemicals in plastic jugs. The destruction of the Waco compound enraged McVeigh and convinced him that it was time to take action. The government's use of CS gas on women and children angered McVeigh; he had been exposed to the gas as part of his military training and was familiar with its effects. The disappearance of certain evidence,[36] such as the bullet-riddled steel-reinforced front door to the complex, led him to suspect a cover-up.
McVeigh's anti-government rhetoric became more radical. He began to sell Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) hats riddled with bullet holes and a flare gun, which, he said, could shoot down an "ATF helicopter".[3][37] He produced videos detailing the government's actions at Waco and handed out pamphlets with titles like "U.S. Government Initiates Open Warfare Against American People" and "Waco Shootout Evokes Memory of Warsaw '43." He began changing his answering machine greeting every couple of weeks to various quotes by Patrick Henry such as "Give me liberty or give me death."[38] He began experimenting with pipe bombs and other small explosive devices. The government also imposed new firearms restrictions in 1994 that McVeigh believed threatened his livelihood.[35]
McVeigh dissociated himself from his boyhood friend Steve Hodge by sending him a 23-page farewell letter. He proclaimed his devotion to the United States Declaration of Independence, explaining in detail what each sentence meant to him. McVeigh declared that:

Those who betray or subvert the Constitution are guilty of sedition and/or treason, are domestic enemies and should and will be punished accordingly.
It also stands to reason that anyone who sympathizes with the enemy or gives aid or comfort to said enemy is likewise guilty. I have sworn to uphold and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic and I will. And I will because not only did I swear to, but I believe in what it stands for in every bit of my heart, soul and being. I know in my heart that I am right in my struggle, Steve. I have come to peace with myself, my God and my cause. Blood will flow in the streets, Steve. Good vs. Evil. Free Men vs. Socialist Wannabe Slaves. Pray it is not your blood, my friend.

McVeigh felt the need to personally reconnoiter sites of rumored conspiracies. He visited Area 51 in order to defy government restrictions on photography and went to Gulfport, Mississippi to determine the veracity of rumors about United Nations operations. These turned out to be false; the Russian vehicles on the site were being configured for use in U.N.-sponsored humanitarian aid efforts. Around this time, McVeigh and Nichols also began making bulk purchases of ammonium nitrate, an agricultural fertilizer, for resale to survivalists, since rumors were circulating that the government was preparing to ban it.[39]
Plan against federal building or individuals[edit]
McVeigh told Fortier of his plans to blow up a federal building, but Fortier declined to participate. Fortier also told his wife about the plans.[40] McVeigh composed two letters to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, the first titled "Constitutional Defenders" and the second "ATF Read." He denounced government officials as "fascist tyrants" and "storm troopers" and warned:

ATF, all you tyrannical people will swing in the wind one day for your treasonous actions against the Constitution of the United States. Remember the Nuremberg War Trials.[2]

McVeigh also wrote a letter of recruitment to a customer named Steve Colbern:

A man with nothing left to lose is a very dangerous man and his energy/anger can be focused toward a common/righteous goal. What I'm asking you to do, then, is sit back and be honest with yourself. Do you have kids/wife? Would you back out at the last minute to care for the family? Are you interested in keeping your firearms for their current/future monetary value, or would you drag that '06 through rock, swamp and cactus... to get off the needed shot? In short, I'm not looking for talkers, I'm looking for fighters... And if you are a fed, think twice. Think twice about the Constitution you are supposedly enforcing (isn't "enforcing freedom" an oxymoron?) and think twice about catching us with our guard down – you will lose just like Degan did – and your family will lose.[41]

McVeigh began announcing that he had progressed from the "propaganda" phase to the "action" phase. He wrote to his Michigan friend Gwenda Strider, "I have certain other 'militant' talents that are in short supply and greatly demanded."[42]
McVeigh later said he considered "a campaign of individual assassination," with "eligible" targets including Attorney-General Janet Reno, Judge Walter S. Smith Jr. of Federal District Court, who handled the Branch Davidian trial, and Lon Horiuchi, a member of the FBI hostage-rescue team who shot and killed Vicki Weaver in a standoff at a remote cabin at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, in 1992.[43] He said he wanted Reno to accept "full responsibility in deed, not just words."[44] Such an assassination seemed too difficult,[45] and he decided that since federal agents had become soldiers, it was necessary to strike against them at their command centers.[46] According to McVeigh's authorized biography, he ultimately decided that he would make the loudest statement by bombing a federal building. After the bombing, he was ambivalent about his act; as he expressed in letters to his hometown newspaper, he sometimes wished he had carried out a series of assassinations against police and government officials instead.[47]
Oklahoma City bombing[edit]
Main article: Oklahoma City bombing




The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


Working at a lakeside campground near McVeigh's old Army post, he and Nichols constructed an ANNM explosive device mounted in the back of a rented Ryder truck. The bomb consisted of about 5,000 pounds (2,300 kg) of ammonium nitrate and nitromethane.
On April 19, 1995, McVeigh drove the truck to the front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building just as its offices opened for the day. Before arriving, he stopped to light a two-minute fuse. At 09:02, a large explosion destroyed the north half of the building. It killed 168 people, including nineteen children in the day care center on the second floor, and injured 684 others.[48]
McVeigh said that he had no knowledge that the federal offices also ran a daycare center on the second floor of the building, and that he might have chosen a different target if he had known about it.[49][50] Nichols disputed this, saying that he and McVeigh knew there was a daycare center in the building and that they did not care.[51][52]
McVeigh's biographers, Lou Michel and Dan Herbeck, quote McVeigh, with whom they spoke for 75 hours, on his attitude to the victims:

To these people in Oklahoma who have lost a loved one, I'm sorry but it happens every day. You're not the first mother to lose a kid, or the first grandparent to lose a grandson or a granddaughter. It happens every day, somewhere in the world. I'm not going to go into that courtroom, curl into a fetal ball and cry just because the victims want me to do that.

During an interview with Ed Bradley for television news magazine 60 Minutes in 2000, Bradley asked McVeigh for his reaction to the deaths of the nineteen children. McVeigh stated:

I thought it was terrible that there were children in the building.[53]

According to the Oklahoma City Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism (MIPT), more than 300 buildings were damaged. More than 12,000 volunteers and rescue workers took part in the rescue, recovery and support operations following the bombing. In reference to theories that he had assistance from others, McVeigh quoted a well known line from the film A Few Good Men, "You can't handle the truth!" and added "Because the truth is, I blew up the Murrah Building and isn't it kind of scary that one man could wreak this kind of hell?"[54]
Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing[edit]




FBI forensic sketch of McVeigh, and his FBI mugshot


By tracing the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) of a rear axle found in the wreckage, the FBI identified the vehicle as a Ryder Rental box truck rented from Junction City, Kansas. Workers at the agency assisted an FBI artist in creating a sketch of the renter, who had used the alias "Robert Kling". The sketch was shown in the area. Lea McGown, manager of the local Dreamland Motel, identified the sketch as Timothy McVeigh.[55][56]
Shortly after the bombing, while driving on I-35 in Noble County, near Perry, Oklahoma, McVeigh was stopped by Oklahoma State Trooper Charles J. Hanger.[57] Hanger had passed McVeigh's yellow 1977 Mercury Marquis and noticed that it had no license plate. McVeigh admitted to the police officer (who noticed a bulge under his jacket) that he had a gun and McVeigh was subsequently arrested for having driven without plates and illegal firearm possession; McVeigh's concealed weapon permit was not legal in Oklahoma. McVeigh was wearing a T-shirt at that time with a picture of Abraham Lincoln and the motto: sic semper tyrannis ('Thus always to tyrants'), the supposed words shouted by John Wilkes Booth after he shot Lincoln.[58] On the back, it had a tree with a picture of three blood droplets and the Thomas Jefferson quote, "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."[59] Three days later, while still in jail, McVeigh was identified as the subject of the nationwide manhunt.




McVeigh about to be led out of a Perry, Oklahoma, courthouse two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


On August 10, 1995, McVeigh was indicted on eleven federal counts, including conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, use of a weapon of mass destruction, destruction with the use of explosives and eight counts of first-degree murder.[60]
On February 20, 1996, the Court granted a change of venue and ordered that the case be transferred from Oklahoma City to the U.S. District Court in Denver, Colorado, to be presided over by U.S. District Judge Richard Paul Matsch.[61]
McVeigh instructed his lawyers to use a necessity defense, but they ended up not doing so,[62] because they would have had to prove that McVeigh was in "imminent danger" from the government. (McVeigh himself argued that "imminent" did not necessarily mean "immediate.") They would have argued that his bombing of the Murrah building was a justifiable response to what McVeigh believed were the crimes of the U.S. government at Waco, Texas, where the 51-day siege of the Branch Davidian complex resulted in the deaths of 76 Branch Davidians.[63] As part of the defense, McVeigh's lawyers showed the jury the controversial video Waco, the Big Lie.[64]
On June 2, 1997, McVeigh was found guilty on all eleven counts of the federal indictment.[65] After the verdict, McVeigh tried to calm his mother by saying, "Think of it this way. When I was in the Army, you didn't see me for years. Think of me that way now, like I'm away in the Army again, on an assignment for the military."[66]
On June 13, 1997, the jury recommended that McVeigh receive the death penalty.[67] The U.S. Department of Justice brought federal charges against McVeigh for causing the deaths of eight federal officers leading to a possible death penalty for McVeigh; they could not bring charges against McVeigh for the remaining 160 murders in federal court because those deaths fell under the jurisdiction of the State of Oklahoma. Because McVeigh was convicted and sentenced to death, the State of Oklahoma did not file murder charges against McVeigh for the other 160 deaths.[68] Before the sentence was formally pronounced by Judge Matsch, McVeigh addressed the court for the first time and said:

If the Court please, I wish to use the words of Justice Brandeis dissenting in Olmstead to speak for me. He wrote, 'Our Government is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or for ill, it teaches the whole people by its example.' That's all I have.[69]

Incarceration and execution[edit]




Florence ADMAX USP, where McVeigh was incarcerated


While imprisoned, McVeigh had the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) register number 12076-064.[70] McVeigh's death sentence was delayed pending an appeal. One of his appeals for certiorari, taken to the Supreme Court of the United States, was denied on March 8, 1999. McVeigh's request for a nationally televised execution was also denied. An Internet company also unsuccessfully sued for the right to broadcast it.[71][72] At ADX Florence, McVeigh and Nichols were housed in "Bomber's Row", the same cell block as Ted Kaczynski, Luis Felipe and Ramzi Yousef. Yousef made frequent, unsuccessful attempts to convert McVeigh to Islam.[73]
McVeigh said:

I am sorry these people had to lose their lives, but that's the nature of the beast. It's understood going in what the human toll will be.[74]

He said that if there turned out to be an afterlife, he would "improvise, adapt and overcome",[74] noting:

If there is a hell, then I'll be in good company with a lot of fighter pilots who also had to bomb innocents to win the war.[75]

He also said:

I knew I wanted this before it happened. I knew my objective was state-assisted suicide and when it happens, it's in your face. You just did something you're trying to say should be illegal for medical personnel.[76]





United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the site of the federal death row for men and the federal execution chamber






Death Certificate of Timothy McVeigh


The BOP transferred McVeigh from ADX Florence to the federal death row at United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana in 1999.[77]
McVeigh dropped his remaining appeals, saying that he would rather die than spend the rest of his life in prison.[78] On January 16, 2001 the Federal Bureau of Prisons set May 16, 2001 as McVeigh's execution date.[79] McVeigh stated that his only regret was not completely leveling the federal building.[80] Six days prior to his scheduled execution, the FBI turned over thousands of documents of evidence it had previously withheld to McVeigh's attorneys. As a result, U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft announced McVeigh's execution would be stayed for one month.[78]
The execution date was reset for June 11, 2001. McVeigh invited California conductor/composer David Woodard to perform pre-requiem Mass music on the eve of his execution. He requested a Catholic chaplain. He requested two pints of mint chocolate chip ice cream for his last meal.[81]
McVeigh chose William Ernest Henley's poem "Invictus" as his final statement.[82][83] Just before the execution, when he was asked if he had a final statement, he declined. Jay Sawyer, a relative of one of the victims, wrote, "Without saying a word, he got the final word." Larry Whicher, whose brother died in the attack, described McVeigh as having "a totally expressionless, blank stare. He had a look of defiance and that if he could, he'd do it all over again."[84]
McVeigh was executed by lethal injection at 7:14 a.m. on June 11, 2001, at the U.S. Federal Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the first federal prisoner to be executed by the United States federal government since Victor Feguer was executed in Iowa on March 15, 1963.
On November 21, 1997, President Bill Clinton had signed S. 923, special legislation introduced by Senator Arlen Specter to bar McVeigh and other veterans convicted of capital crimes from being buried in any military cemetery.[85][86][87] His body was cremated at Mattox Ryan Funeral Home in Terre Haute. His ashes were given to his lawyer, who "said that the final destination of McVeigh's remains would remain privileged forever." McVeigh had written that he considered having them dropped at the site of the memorial where the building once stood, but decided that would be "too vengeful, too raw, too cold."[4] He had expressed willingness to donate organs, but was prohibited from doing so by prison regulations.[47]
Psychiatrist John Smith concluded that McVeigh was "a decent person who had allowed rage to build up inside him to the point that he had lashed out in one terrible, violent act."[11] McVeigh's IQ was assessed at 126.[88]
Associations[edit]
According to CNN, his only known associations were as a registered Republican while in Buffalo, New York in the 1980s, and a membership in the National Rifle Association while in the Army, and there is no evidence that he ever belonged to any extremist groups.[89]
Religious beliefs[edit]
McVeigh was raised Roman Catholic.[90] During his childhood, he and his father attended Mass regularly.[91] McVeigh was confirmed at the Good Shepherd Church in Pendleton, New York, in 1985.[92] In a 1996 interview, McVeigh professed belief in "a God", although he said he had "sort of lost touch with" Catholicism and "I never really picked it up, however I do maintain core beliefs."[90] In McVeigh's biography American Terrorist, released in 2002, he stated that he did not believe in a hell and that science is his religion.[93][94] In June 2001, a day before the execution, McVeigh wrote a letter to the Buffalo News identifying himself as agnostic. However, he took the Last Rites, administered by a priest, just before his execution.[95][96][97][98][99][100] Father Charles Smith ministered to McVeigh in his last moments in death row.[101]
Motivations for the bombing[edit]


"Why? McVeigh told us at eloquent length, but our rulers and their media preferred to depict him as a sadistic, crazed monster ... who had done it for the kicks".

—Gore Vidal, 2002[50]
McVeigh claimed that the bombing was revenge against the government for the sieges at Waco, Texas and Ruby Ridge.[102] McVeigh visited Waco during the standoff. While there, he was interviewed by student reporter Michelle Rauch, a senior journalism major at Southern Methodist University who was writing for the school paper. McVeigh expressed his objections over what was happening there.[89] [103]
McVeigh frequently quoted and alluded to the white supremacist novel The Turner Diaries; he claimed to appreciate its interest in firearms. Photocopies of pages sixty-one and sixty-two of The Turner Diaries were found in an envelope inside McVeigh's car. These pages depicted a fictitious mortar attack upon the U.S. Capitol in Washington.[104]
In a 1,200-word essay[105] dated March 1998, from the federal maximum-security prison at Florence, Colorado, McVeigh claimed that the terrorist bombing was "morally equivalent" to U.S. military actions against Iraq and other foreign countries. The handwritten essay, submitted to and published by the alternative national news magazine Media Bypass, was distributed worldwide by The Associated Press on May 29, 1998. This was written in the midst of the 1998 Iraq disarmament crisis and a few months before Operation Desert Fox.

The administration has said that Iraq has no right to stockpile chemical or biological weapons ("weapons of mass destruction") — mainly because they have used them in the past.
Well, if that's the standard by which these matters are decided, then the U.S. is the nation that set the precedent. The U.S. has stockpiled these same weapons (and more) for over 40 years. The U.S. claims this was done for deterrent purposes during its "Cold War" with the Soviet Union. Why, then, it is invalid for Iraq to claim the same reason (deterrence) with respect to Iraq's (real) war with, and the continued threat of, its neighbor Iran?
The administration claims that Iraq has used these weapons in the past. We've all seen the pictures that show a Kurdish woman and child frozen in death from the use of chemical weapons. But, have you ever seen those pictures juxtaposed next to pictures from Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
I suggest that one study the histories of World War I, World War II and other "regional conflicts" that the U.S. has been involved in to familiarize themselves with the use of "weapons of mass destruction."
Remember Dresden? How about Hanoi? Tripoli? Baghdad? What about the big ones — Hiroshima and Nagasaki? (At these two locations, the U.S. killed at least 150,000 non-combatants — mostly women and children — in the blink of an eye. Thousands more took hours, days, weeks or months to die).
If Saddam is such a demon, and people are calling for war crimes charges and trials against him and his nation, why do we not hear the same cry for blood directed at those responsible for even greater amounts of "mass destruction" — like those responsible and involved in dropping bombs on the cities mentioned above?
The truth is, the U.S. has set the standard when it comes to the stockpiling and use of weapons of mass destruction.

The essay, which marked the first time that McVeigh publicly discussed the Oklahoma City bombing, continued:

Hypocrisy when it comes to the death of children? In Oklahoma City, it was family convenience that explained the presence of a day-care center placed between street level and the law enforcement agencies which occupied the upper floors of the building. Yet, when discussion shifts to Iraq, any day-care center in a government building instantly becomes "a shield." Think about it.
When considering morality and "mens rea" [criminal intent], in light of these facts, I ask: Who are the true barbarians? ...
I find it ironic, to say the least, that one of the aircraft used to drop such a bomb on Iraq is dubbed "The Spirit of Oklahoma." This leads me to a final, and unspoken, moral hypocrisy regarding the use of weapons of mass destruction.
When a U.S. plane or cruise missile is used to bring destruction to a foreign people, this nation rewards the bombers with applause and praise. What a convenient way to absolve these killers of any responsibility for the destruction they leave in their wake.
Unfortunately, the morality of killing is not so superficial. The truth is, the use of a truck, a plane or a missile for the delivery of a weapon of mass destruction does not alter the nature of the act itself.
These are weapons of mass destruction — and the method of delivery matters little to those on the receiving end of such weapons.
Whether you wish to admit it or not, when you approve, morally, of the bombing of foreign targets by the U.S. military, you are approving of acts morally equivalent to the bombing in Oklahoma City ...

McVeigh included photocopies of a famous Vietnam War-era picture showing terrified children fleeing napalm bombs, and of nuclear devastation in Japan. He said in a preface that the essay was intended to "provoke thought — and was not written with malevolent intent."
On April 26, 2001, McVeigh wrote a letter to Fox News, I Explain Herein Why I Bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, which explicitly laid out his reasons for the attack.[106] McVeigh read Unintended Consequences and said that if it had come out a few years earlier, he would have given serious consideration to using sniper attacks in a war of attrition against the government instead of bombing a federal building.[107]
Accomplices[edit]
McVeigh's accomplice, Terry Nichols, was convicted and sentenced in federal court to life in prison for his role in the crime.[108] At Nichols' trial, evidence was presented indicating that others may have been involved.[109] Several residents of central Kansas, including real estate agent Georgia Rucker and a retired Army NCO, testified at Terry Nichols' federal trial that they had seen two trucks at Geary Lake State Park, where prosecutors alleged the bomb was assembled. The retired NCO said he visited the lake on April 18, 1995, but left after a group of surly men looked at him aggressively. The operator of the Dreamland Motel testified that two Ryder trucks had been parked outside her Grandview Plaza motel where McVeigh stayed in Room 26 the weekend before the bombing.[110] Terry Nichols is incarcerated at ADX Florence in Florence, Colorado.[111]
An ATF informant, Carol Howe, told reporters that shortly before the bombing she had warned her handlers that guests of Elohim City, Oklahoma were planning a major bombing attack.[112] McVeigh was issued a speeding ticket there at the same time.[1] Other than this speeding ticket, there is no evidence of a connection between McVeigh and members of the Midwest Bank Robbers at Elohim City.[113]
In February 2004, the FBI announced it would review its investigation after learning that agents in the investigation of the Midwest Bank Robbers (an alleged Aryan-oriented gang) had turned up explosive caps of the same type that were used to trigger the Oklahoma City bomb.[114] Agents expressed surprise that bombing investigators had not been provided information from the Midwest Bank Robbers investigation. McVeigh declined further delays and maintained until his death that he had acted alone in the bombing.
Some witnesses claimed to have seen a second suspect, and there was a search for a "John Doe #2", but none was ever found.
See also[edit]


United States portal
Biography portal
Terrorism portal



Lone wolf (terrorism)
Militia organizations in the United States

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Imitating Turner". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh: Convicted Oklahoma City Bomber". CNN. March 29, 2001. Archived from the original on March 1, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh dead". CNN. Retrieved July 30, 2015. 
^ "McVeigh biographers share 'chilling' audiotapes: Authors Michel and Herbeck reflect on McVeigh, OKC anniversary". MSNBC. April 15, 2010. Retrieved April 22, 2010. 
^ Shariat, Sheryll; Mallonee, Sue; Stephens-Stidham, Shelli (December 1998). "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Injury Prevention Service, Oklahoma State Department of Health. 
^ A Short History of Ireland - Page 341, John O'Beirne Ranelagh - 2012
^ "Ancestry of Tim McVeigh". Wargs.com. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh author Dan Herbeck quizzed". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ "Inside McVeigh's mind". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Profile: Timothy McVeigh". BBC News. May 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 31–32
^ Chase, Alston (2004). A Mind for Murder: The Education of the Unabomber and the Origins of Modern Terrorism. W. W. Norton & Company. p. 370. ISBN 0-393-32556-3. 
^ Smith, Brent L., Damhousse, Kelly R. and Roberts, Paxton, Pre-Incident Indicators of Terrorist Incidents: The Identification of Behavioral, Geographic and Temporal Patterns of Preparatory Conduct, Document No.: 214217, May 2006, p. 234, found at NCJRS Government website, Scribd website and DHS Government website. Retrieved July 22, 2009.
^ Linder, Douglas O. "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006 feb 17; cf. People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 61
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 87-88
^ Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ a b Jacobs, Sally (June 10, 1995). "The Radicalization Of Timothy McVeigh". tulsaworld.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ a b Willman, David; Ostrow, Ronald J. (April 28, 1995). "Investigators Believe Bombing Was the Work of 4 or 5 People : Terrorism: Father, son are under scrutiny. FBI says 3 witnesses can place McVeigh near blast scene. Arizona town emerges as possible base for plotters.". latimes.com. p. 4. Retrieved 18 November 2014. 
^ KIFNER, JOHN. "McVEIGH'S MIND: A special report.;Oklahoma Bombing Suspect: Unraveling of a Frayed Life". New York Times. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "Soldiers of Misfortune". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 1st letter". CNN. Archived from the original on 2008-01-19. 
^ a b Goldstein, Steve (May 3, 1995). "Mcveigh Wrote To Congressman About 'Self-defense'". philly.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 102
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 114
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 117-118
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p.111
^ Brian Morton (April 15, 2009). "The Guns of Spring". Baltimore City Paper. Times-Shamrock. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. 
^ The Guns of Spring; The Smirking Chimp; 2009
^ Martinez, J. Michael (2012). Terrorist Attacks on American Soil: From the Civil War Era to the Present. Rowman & Littlefield Publishers. p. 289. ISBN 1-442-20324-2. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 121
^ Handlin, Sam (2001) "Profile of a Mass Murderer: Who Is Timothy McVeigh? Court TV Online.
^ Thomas, Jo (November 14, 1997). "Jury Hears of McVeigh Remarks About Nichols and Bomb Making". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Tim In Transit". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Bryce, Robert (August 18, 2000). "Prying Open the Case of the Missing Door". The Austin Chronicle. 
^ Editors (2000) "Gun Shows in America." Violence Policy Center.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 136-14-
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 156-158
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 161-162
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 184-185
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 195
^ "Timothy McVeigh's Letter to Fox News". Digital-Exp.com. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh Considered Assassinating Reno, Other Officials". Kuwait News Agency. April 27, 2001. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 'wanted to kill US attorney general'". The Daily Telegraph. London. April 28, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Saulny, Susan (April 27, 2001). "McVeigh Says He Considered Killing Reno". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Ready for execution, McVeigh says he's sorry for deaths". Newsok.com. June 9, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Oklahoma State Department of Health. December 1998. 
^ See Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh:
^ a b Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace. pp. 1,81. 
^ Global Terrorism Database
^ Romano, Lois; Kenworthy, Tom (April 25, 1997). "Prosecutor Paints McVeigh As 'Twisted' U.S. Terrorist". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ "McVeigh Vents On '60 Minutes'". cbsnews.com. March 13, 2000. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Thomas, Jo (March 29, 2001). "'No Sympathy' for Dead Children, McVeigh Says". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Collins, James; Patrick E. Cole; Elaine Shannon (April 27, 1997). "Oklahoma City: The Weight Of Evidence". Time. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "License Tag Snag". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ See "Officer of the Month – October 2001: Second Lieutenant Charles J. Hanger, Oklahoma Highway Patrol," National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, copyright 2004–06. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ "The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber". Crime Library. Retrieved July 12, 2007. 
^ "'Turner Diaries' introduced in McVeigh trial". CNN. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ *Count 1 was "conspiracy to detonate a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a, culminating in the deaths of 168 people and destruction of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

Count 2 was "use of a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a (2)(a) & (b).
Count 3 was "destruction by explosives resulting in death", in violation of 18 USC § 844(f)(2)(a) & (b).
Counts 4 through 11 were first-degree murder in violation of 18 USC § 1111, 1114, & 2 and 28 CFR § 64.2(h), each count in connection to one of the eight law enforcement officers who were killed during the attack.


^ Romano, Lois (May 12, 1997). "Richard Matsch Has a Firm Grip on His Gavel in the Oklahoma City Bombing Trial". National Special Report: Oklahoma Bombing Trial. Washington Post. Retrieved April 15, 2010. 
^ "People In The News". CNN. February 7, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ Linder, Douglas O., "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ "People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row", transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ Eddy, Mark; Lane, George; Pankratz, Howard; Wilmsen, Steven "Guilty on Every Count," Denver Post Online June 3, 1997, accessed August 7, 2006:

Although 168 people, including 19 children, were killed in the April 19, 1995, bombing, murder charges were brought against McVeigh for only the eight federal agents who were on duty when the bomb destroyed much of the Murrah Building.


Along with the eight counts of murder, McVeigh was charged with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, using a weapon of mass destruction and destroying a federal building.


Oklahoma City District Attorney Bob Macy said he would file state charges in the other 160 murders after McVeigh's co-defendant, Terry Nichols, was tried.


^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 347
^ See "Sentenced to Die," The News Hour with Jim Lehrer, Online NewsHour, PBS, June 13, 1997. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Serrano, Richard A. (August 15, 1997). "McVeigh Speaks Out, Receives Death Sentence". latimes.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ "Timothy James McVeigh." Federal Bureau of Prisons. Retrieved May 19, 2010.
^ Williams, Dave (April 5, 2001). "Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution". CNN. Archived from the original on October 10, 2009. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (April 19, 2001). "The execution will not be webcast". Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 360-361
^ a b Borger, Julian (June 11, 2001). "McVeigh faces day of reckoning". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ McVeigh, Tracey (May 9, 2001). "Dead man talking". The Guardian. London. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (19 April 2001). The execution will not be webcast. Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Huppke, Rex W. "EXECUTION: Terre Haute, Ind. dreads execution of Timothy McVeigh." Associated Press at the Southeast Missourian. Friday April 6, 2001. 2A (continued from 1A). Retrieved from Google News (2/16) on October 14, 2010. "The planning for this day began when McVeigh was moved to the U.S. Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana along with the 19 other federal death row inmates in 1999[...]"
^ a b "Bush calls McVeigh execution delay necessary". CNN. May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 14, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Federal Execution date set for Timothy James McVeigh Archived 2010-05-27 at the Wayback Machine.." Federal Bureau of Prisons. January 16, 2001. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
^ Borger, Julian (March 30, 2001). "McVeigh brushes aside deaths". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "index". Lastmealsproject.com. Archived from the original on 2014-08-21. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ Quayle, Catherine (June 11, 2001). "Execution of an American Terrorist". Court TV. 
^ Cosby, Rita (June 12, 2001). "Timothy McVeigh Put to Death for Oklahoma City Bombings". FOX News. Retrieved April 15, 2008. 
^ Ottley, Ted (June 7, 2001). "Pre-Execution News: McVeigh's Stay Request Denied". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Gottman, Andrew J (Spring 1999). "Fair notice, even for terrorists: Timothy McVeigh and a new standard for the ex post facto clause". Washington and Lee Law Review. Archived from the original on 2009-10-01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Bill Summary & Status, 105th Congress (1997–98), S.923". Library of Congress. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ "Hearing on S. 923 and H.R. 2040, to deny burial in a federally funded cemetery and other benefits to veterans convicted of certain capital crimes". U.S. House of Representatives. July 9, 1997. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 288
^ a b Profile of Timothy McVeigh, Archived 2006-02-09 at the Wayback Machine. CNN, March 29, 2001. Retrieved February 22, 2015
^ a b Patrick Cole, "A Look Back in TIME: Interview with Timothy McVeigh", March 30, 1996. Retrieved October 19, 2010. Archived March 29, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ McFadden, Robert D. (April 23, 1995). "Terror in Oklahoma: The Suspect; One Man's Complex Path to Extremism". The New York Times. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "Fellow inmate counsels McVeigh". USA Today. Associated Press. June 20, 2001. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "The McVeigh Tapes" Rachel Maddow Show, aired April 19, 2010, pt. 1 at 2 min. 40 sec.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 142-143
^ Julian Borger,"McVeigh faces day of reckoning: Special report: Timothy McVeigh,", The Guardian Online, June 11, 2001. Retrieved October 19, 2010.
^ Catholicity.com
^ Beliefnet.com
^ Indcatholicnews
^ Toledoblade
^ McVeigh took last rites before execution Edition.cnn, CNN, April 10, 2001. Retrieved 7 October 2015.
^ culteducation.com
^ See "McVeigh Remorseless About Bombing," newswire release, Associated Press, March 29, 2001.
^ "Timothy McVeigh in Waco". UMKC.edu. Retrieved August 14, 2012. 
^ Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh.
^ McVeigh, Timothy J. (June 1998). "An Essay on Hypocrisy". Media Bypass magazine. 
^ "McVeigh's Apr. 26 Letter to Fox News". Fox News. April 26, 2001. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 304
^ "Terry Nichols Sentenced to Life With No Hope of Parole - The Tech". tech.mit.edu. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Neiwert, David. "The mystery of John Doe No. 2". Salon. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Achenbach, Joel (1995-06-11). "DEAD ENDS". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "Oklahoma City bomber Terry Nichols says in prison letters he is not a terrorist". MLive.com. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Isikoff, Michael (2012-04-18). "Oklahoma City Bombing's Unanswered Questions in New Book". The Daily Beast. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "The Complicated Defense of Timothy McVeigh". Mother Jones. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "FBI | Cover Story". stories.fbi.gov. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 


Further reading[edit]

Jones, Stephen and Peter Israel. Others Unknown: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing Conspiracy, 2nd ed. New York: PublicAffairs, 2001. ISBN 1-58648-098-7.
Madeira, Jody Lyneé. Killing McVeigh: The Death Penalty and the Myth of Closure. NYU Press, 2012. ISBN 0-81-479610-9 ISBN 978-0-814-79610-8
Michel, Lou and Dan Herbeck. American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: ReganBooks (HarperCollins), 2001. ISBN 0-06-039407-2.
Brandon M. Stickney, "All-American Monster: The Unauthorized Biography of Timothy McVeigh". Amherst, New York: Prometheus Books, 1996. ISBN 978-1-57392-088-9.
Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace: How We Got to Be So Hated, Thunder's Mouth Press/Nation Books, 2002. ISBN 1-56025-405-X.
Wright, Stuart A. Patriots, Politics, and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2007. ISBN 978-0-521-87264-5

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Timothy McVeigh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Timothy McVeigh.



"Bad Day Dawning" in "Criminals and Methods: Timothy McVeigh" at Court TV: Crime Library
Timothy McVeigh's April 27, 2001 letter to reporter Rita Cosby—Explains why he bombed the Murrah Federal Building (posted on independence.net)
Timothy McVeigh's Prison Dossier at The Smoking Gun
The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber at Court TV: Crime Library
Voices of Oklahoma interview with Stephen Jones. First person interview conducted on January 27, 2010, with Stephen Jones, lawyer for Timothy McVeigh.
Ted Kaczynski's letter to the writers of the book, American Terrorist — Critique of Timothy McVeigh by fellow inmate Unabomber
Execution of Timothy McVeigh - USA Today




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 824027
LCCN: no96020128
GND: 119517760










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Timothy_McVeigh&oldid=791575837"					
Categories: 1968 births2001 deaths20th-century American criminals21st-century executions by the United States federal government21st-century executions of American people1995 murders in the United StatesAmerican mass murderersAmerican military personnel of the Gulf WarAmerican people convicted of murderAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican conspiracy theoristsConverts to Roman Catholicism from atheism or agnosticismAmerican Roman CatholicsBombers (people)Executed mass murderersNew York RepublicansOklahoma City bombingPeople convicted of murder by the United States federal governmentPeople convicted on terrorism chargesPeople executed by the United States federal government by lethal injectionPeople from Kingman, ArizonaPeople from Lockport, New YorkPeople from Pendleton, New YorkUnited States Army soldiersAmerican victims of school bullyingExecuted people from New YorkCriminals from New YorkFar-right politics in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsTracking infobox criminal with motive parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatviešuMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 04:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Timothy McVeigh - Wikipedia






















 






Timothy McVeigh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the United States Navy sailor, see Timothy R. McVeigh.


Timothy McVeigh



FBI mugshot of McVeigh in 1995.



Born
Timothy James McVeigh
(1968-04-23)April 23, 1968
Lockport, New York, U.S.


Died
June 11, 2001(2001-06-11) (aged 33)
USP Terre Haute in Terre Haute, Indiana, U.S.


Cause of death
Execution by lethal injection


Nationality
American


Other names
Tim Tuttle[1]
Darel Bridges[2]
Robert Kling


Occupation
U.S. Army veteran, security guard


Criminal penalty
Death by lethal injection


Criminal status
Executed





Motive
Retaliation for the Waco Siege, Ruby Ridge, other government raids and general U.S. foreign policy


Conviction(s)
Use of a weapon of mass destruction
Conspiracy use of a weapon of mass destruction
Destructive use of explosives or incendiary devices
8 counts of first-degree murder of 8 federal law enforcement officers


Partner(s)
Terry Nichols
Michael Fortier


Killings


Date
April 19, 1995
9:02 a.m. (CDT)


Location(s)
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.


Target(s)
Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, housing Federal government


Killed
168


Injured
680+


Weapon
Ammonium nitrate and nitromethane fertilizer truck bomb





Timothy James McVeigh (April 23, 1968 – June 11, 2001) was an American domestic terrorist convicted[3] and executed[4] for the detonation of an ammonium nitrate fertilizer and nitromethane truck bomb in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995.[5] Commonly referred to as the Oklahoma City bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600.[6] According to the United States government, it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the United States prior to the September 11 attacks, and remains the most significant act of domestic terrorism in United States history.
McVeigh, a Gulf War veteran, sought revenge against the federal government for its handling of the 1993 Waco siege, which ended in the deaths of 76 people exactly two years before the bombing, as well as for the 1992 Ruby Ridge incident. McVeigh hoped to inspire a revolt against the federal government. He was convicted of eleven federal offenses and sentenced to death. His execution was carried out in a considerably shorter amount of time than average after his trial, as most convicts on death row in the United States spend an average of fifteen years awaiting execution. Four years after his conviction, McVeigh was executed by lethal injection on June 11, 2001, at the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana. Terry Nichols and Michael Fortier were also convicted as conspirators in the plot. Nichols was sentenced to 161 life terms without parole. Fortier was sentenced to 12 years and has since been released.



Contents


1 Childhood
2 Military life
3 Post-military life

3.1 1993 Waco siege and gun shows


4 Arizona with Fortier
5 With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices
6 Plan against federal building or individuals
7 Oklahoma City bombing
8 Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing
9 Incarceration and execution
10 Associations
11 Religious beliefs
12 Motivations for the bombing
13 Accomplices
14 See also
15 References
16 Further reading
17 External links



Childhood[edit]
McVeigh was born in Lockport, New York, the only son and the second of three children of Mildred "Mickey" Noreen (née Hill) and William McVeigh.[1] His Irish American[7] parents divorced when he was ten years old, and he was raised by his father in Pendleton, New York.[1][8]
McVeigh claimed to have been a target of bullying at school, and he took refuge in a fantasy world where he imagined retaliating against the bullies.[9] At the end of his life, he stated his belief that the United States government is the ultimate bully.[10] Most who knew McVeigh remember him as being very shy and withdrawn, while a few described him as an outgoing and playful child who withdrew as an adolescent. McVeigh is said to have had only one girlfriend during his adolescence; he later stated to journalists that he did not have any idea how to impress girls.[11]
While in high school, McVeigh became interested in computers and hacked into government computer systems on his Commodore 64 under the handle "The Wanderer", borrowed from the song by Dion DiMucci. In his senior year, McVeigh was named Starpoint Central High School's "most promising computer programmer,"[12] but he maintained relatively poor grades until his 1986 graduation.[1]
McVeigh was introduced to firearms by his grandfather. He told people he wanted to be a gun shop owner and sometimes took firearms to school to impress his classmates. McVeigh became intensely interested in gun rights, as well as the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, after he graduated from high school, and read magazines such as Soldier of Fortune. He briefly attended Bryant & Stratton College before dropping out.[13][14]
Military life[edit]
In May 1988, at the age of 20, McVeigh graduated from the U.S. Army Infantry School at Fort Benning, Georgia.[15] While in the military, McVeigh used much of his spare time to read about firearms, sniper tactics, and explosives.[16] McVeigh was reprimanded by the military for purchasing a "White Power" T-shirt at a Ku Klux Klan protest against black servicemen who wore "Black Power" T-shirts around a Military installation (primarily Army).[17]
He was a top-scoring gunner with the 25mm cannon of the Bradley Fighting Vehicles used by his 1st Infantry Division.[18] He was stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, before being deployed on Operation Desert Storm.
Speaking of his experience in Kuwait in an interview before his execution, documented in McVeigh's authorized biography American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh & the Tragedy at Oklahoma City, he stated he decapitated an Iraqi soldier with cannon fire on his first day in the war and celebrated. He said he later was shocked to be ordered to execute surrendering prisoners and to see carnage on the road leaving Kuwait City after U.S. troops routed the Iraqi army. McVeigh received several service awards, including the Bronze Star Medal,[1] National Defense Service Medal,[19] Southwest Asia Service Medal,[20] Army Service Ribbon,[20] and the Kuwaiti Liberation Medal.[19]
McVeigh aspired to join the United States Army Special Forces (SF). After returning from the Gulf War, he entered the selection program. However, he washed out on the second day of the 21-day assessment and selection course for the Special Forces. McVeigh decided to leave the Army and was honorably discharged in 1991.[21]
Post-military life[edit]
After leaving the United States Army in 1992, McVeigh grew increasingly transient. At first he worked briefly near his hometown of Pendleton as a security guard for Pinkerton Government Services at Calspan in Cheektowaga, where he spoke daily to his co-worker Carl Lebron, Jr. about his loathing for government. Deciding the Buffalo area was too liberal, he left his job and began driving around the country, seeking out his old friends from the Army.[22]
McVeigh wrote letters to local newspapers complaining about taxes:

Taxes are a joke. Regardless of what a political candidate "promises," they will increase. More taxes are always the answer to government mismanagement. They mess up. We suffer. Taxes are reaching cataclysmic levels, with no slowdown in sight. [...] Is a Civil War Imminent? Do we have to shed blood to reform the current system? I hope it doesn't come to that. But it might.[23]

McVeigh also wrote to Representative John J. LaFalce ((D) New York),[24] complaining about the arrest of a woman for carrying mace:

It is a lie if we tell ourselves that the police can protect us everywhere at all times. Firearms restrictions are bad enough, but now a woman can't even carry Mace in her purse?[24]

While visiting friends in Decker, Michigan, McVeigh reportedly complained that the Army had implanted a microchip into his buttocks so that the government could keep track of him.[1] McVeigh worked long hours in a dead-end job and felt that he did not have a home. He sought romance, but his advances were rejected by a co-worker and he felt nervous around women. He believed that he brought too much pain to his loved ones.[25] He grew angry and frustrated at his difficulties in finding a girlfriend and he took up obsessive gambling.[26] Unable to pay back gambling debts, he took a cash advance and then defaulted on his repayments. He then began looking for a state without heavy government regulation or high taxes. He became enraged when the government told him that he had been overpaid $1,058 while in the Army and he had to pay back the money. He wrote an angry letter to the government inviting them to:

Go ahead, take everything I own; take my dignity. Feel good as you grow fat and rich at my expense; sucking my tax dollars and property.[27]

McVeigh introduced his sister to anti-government literature, but his father had little interest in these views. He moved out of his father's house and into an apartment that had no telephone, which had the advantage of making it impossible for his employer to contact him for overtime assignments. He also quit the NRA, viewing its stance on gun rights as too weak.[28]
1993 Waco siege and gun shows[edit]
In 1993, he drove to Waco, Texas during the Waco siege to show his support. At the scene, he distributed pro-gun rights literature and bumper stickers, such as "When guns are outlawed, I will become an outlaw." He told a student reporter:

The government is afraid of the guns people have because they have to have control of the people at all times. Once you take away the guns, you can do anything to the people. You give them an inch and they take a mile. I believe we are slowly turning into a socialist government. The government is continually growing bigger and more powerful, and the people need to prepare to defend themselves against government control.[29][30]

For the five months following the Waco siege, McVeigh worked at gun shows and handed out free cards printed up with Lon Horiuchi's name and address, "in the hope that somebody in the Patriot movement would assassinate the sharpshooter." (Horiuchi is an FBI sniper and some of his official actions have drawn controversy, specifically his shooting and killing of Randy Weaver's wife while she held an infant child.) He wrote hate mail to the sniper, suggesting that "what goes around, comes around". McVeigh later considered putting aside his plan to target the Murrah Building to target Horiuchi or a member of his family instead.[31]
McVeigh became a fixture on the gun show circuit, traveling to forty states and visiting about eighty gun shows. McVeigh found that the further west he went, the more anti-government sentiment he encountered, at least until he got to what he called "The People's Socialist Republic of California."[32] McVeigh sold survival items and copies of The Turner Diaries. One author said:

In the gun show culture, McVeigh found a home. Though he remained skeptical of some of the most extreme ideas being bandied around, he liked talking to people there about the United Nations, the federal government and possible threats to American liberty.[33]

Arizona with Fortier[edit]
McVeigh had a road atlas with hand-drawn designations of the most likely places for nuclear attacks and considered buying property in Seligman, Arizona, which he determined to be in a "nuclear-free zone." McVeigh lived with Michael Fortier in Kingman, Arizona, and they became so close that he served as best man at Fortier's wedding. McVeigh experimented with cannabis and methamphetamine after first researching their effects in an encyclopedia.[34] However, he was never as interested in drugs as Fortier was. One of the reasons they parted ways was McVeigh's boredom with Fortier's drug habits.[35]
With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices[edit]
In April 1993, McVeigh headed for a farm in Michigan where Terry Nichols lived. In between watching coverage of the Waco siege on TV, Nichols and his brother began teaching McVeigh how to make explosives out of readily available materials; specifically, they combined household chemicals in plastic jugs. The destruction of the Waco compound enraged McVeigh and convinced him that it was time to take action. The government's use of CS gas on women and children angered McVeigh; he had been exposed to the gas as part of his military training and was familiar with its effects. The disappearance of certain evidence,[36] such as the bullet-riddled steel-reinforced front door to the complex, led him to suspect a cover-up.
McVeigh's anti-government rhetoric became more radical. He began to sell Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) hats riddled with bullet holes and a flare gun, which, he said, could shoot down an "ATF helicopter".[3][37] He produced videos detailing the government's actions at Waco and handed out pamphlets with titles like "U.S. Government Initiates Open Warfare Against American People" and "Waco Shootout Evokes Memory of Warsaw '43." He began changing his answering machine greeting every couple of weeks to various quotes by Patrick Henry such as "Give me liberty or give me death."[38] He began experimenting with pipe bombs and other small explosive devices. The government also imposed new firearms restrictions in 1994 that McVeigh believed threatened his livelihood.[35]
McVeigh dissociated himself from his boyhood friend Steve Hodge by sending him a 23-page farewell letter. He proclaimed his devotion to the United States Declaration of Independence, explaining in detail what each sentence meant to him. McVeigh declared that:

Those who betray or subvert the Constitution are guilty of sedition and/or treason, are domestic enemies and should and will be punished accordingly.
It also stands to reason that anyone who sympathizes with the enemy or gives aid or comfort to said enemy is likewise guilty. I have sworn to uphold and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic and I will. And I will because not only did I swear to, but I believe in what it stands for in every bit of my heart, soul and being. I know in my heart that I am right in my struggle, Steve. I have come to peace with myself, my God and my cause. Blood will flow in the streets, Steve. Good vs. Evil. Free Men vs. Socialist Wannabe Slaves. Pray it is not your blood, my friend.

McVeigh felt the need to personally reconnoiter sites of rumored conspiracies. He visited Area 51 in order to defy government restrictions on photography and went to Gulfport, Mississippi to determine the veracity of rumors about United Nations operations. These turned out to be false; the Russian vehicles on the site were being configured for use in U.N.-sponsored humanitarian aid efforts. Around this time, McVeigh and Nichols also began making bulk purchases of ammonium nitrate, an agricultural fertilizer, for resale to survivalists, since rumors were circulating that the government was preparing to ban it.[39]
Plan against federal building or individuals[edit]
McVeigh told Fortier of his plans to blow up a federal building, but Fortier declined to participate. Fortier also told his wife about the plans.[40] McVeigh composed two letters to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, the first titled "Constitutional Defenders" and the second "ATF Read." He denounced government officials as "fascist tyrants" and "storm troopers" and warned:

ATF, all you tyrannical people will swing in the wind one day for your treasonous actions against the Constitution of the United States. Remember the Nuremberg War Trials.[2]

McVeigh also wrote a letter of recruitment to a customer named Steve Colbern:

A man with nothing left to lose is a very dangerous man and his energy/anger can be focused toward a common/righteous goal. What I'm asking you to do, then, is sit back and be honest with yourself. Do you have kids/wife? Would you back out at the last minute to care for the family? Are you interested in keeping your firearms for their current/future monetary value, or would you drag that '06 through rock, swamp and cactus... to get off the needed shot? In short, I'm not looking for talkers, I'm looking for fighters... And if you are a fed, think twice. Think twice about the Constitution you are supposedly enforcing (isn't "enforcing freedom" an oxymoron?) and think twice about catching us with our guard down – you will lose just like Degan did – and your family will lose.[41]

McVeigh began announcing that he had progressed from the "propaganda" phase to the "action" phase. He wrote to his Michigan friend Gwenda Strider, "I have certain other 'militant' talents that are in short supply and greatly demanded."[42]
McVeigh later said he considered "a campaign of individual assassination," with "eligible" targets including Attorney-General Janet Reno, Judge Walter S. Smith Jr. of Federal District Court, who handled the Branch Davidian trial, and Lon Horiuchi, a member of the FBI hostage-rescue team who shot and killed Vicki Weaver in a standoff at a remote cabin at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, in 1992.[43] He said he wanted Reno to accept "full responsibility in deed, not just words."[44] Such an assassination seemed too difficult,[45] and he decided that since federal agents had become soldiers, it was necessary to strike against them at their command centers.[46] According to McVeigh's authorized biography, he ultimately decided that he would make the loudest statement by bombing a federal building. After the bombing, he was ambivalent about his act; as he expressed in letters to his hometown newspaper, he sometimes wished he had carried out a series of assassinations against police and government officials instead.[47]
Oklahoma City bombing[edit]
Main article: Oklahoma City bombing




The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


Working at a lakeside campground near McVeigh's old Army post, he and Nichols constructed an ANNM explosive device mounted in the back of a rented Ryder truck. The bomb consisted of about 5,000 pounds (2,300 kg) of ammonium nitrate and nitromethane.
On April 19, 1995, McVeigh drove the truck to the front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building just as its offices opened for the day. Before arriving, he stopped to light a two-minute fuse. At 09:02, a large explosion destroyed the north half of the building. It killed 168 people, including nineteen children in the day care center on the second floor, and injured 684 others.[48]
McVeigh said that he had no knowledge that the federal offices also ran a daycare center on the second floor of the building, and that he might have chosen a different target if he had known about it.[49][50] Nichols disputed this, saying that he and McVeigh knew there was a daycare center in the building and that they did not care.[51][52]
McVeigh's biographers, Lou Michel and Dan Herbeck, quote McVeigh, with whom they spoke for 75 hours, on his attitude to the victims:

To these people in Oklahoma who have lost a loved one, I'm sorry but it happens every day. You're not the first mother to lose a kid, or the first grandparent to lose a grandson or a granddaughter. It happens every day, somewhere in the world. I'm not going to go into that courtroom, curl into a fetal ball and cry just because the victims want me to do that.

During an interview with Ed Bradley for television news magazine 60 Minutes in 2000, Bradley asked McVeigh for his reaction to the deaths of the nineteen children. McVeigh stated:

I thought it was terrible that there were children in the building.[53]

According to the Oklahoma City Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism (MIPT), more than 300 buildings were damaged. More than 12,000 volunteers and rescue workers took part in the rescue, recovery and support operations following the bombing. In reference to theories that he had assistance from others, McVeigh quoted a well known line from the film A Few Good Men, "You can't handle the truth!" and added "Because the truth is, I blew up the Murrah Building and isn't it kind of scary that one man could wreak this kind of hell?"[54]
Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing[edit]




FBI forensic sketch of McVeigh, and his FBI mugshot


By tracing the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) of a rear axle found in the wreckage, the FBI identified the vehicle as a Ryder Rental box truck rented from Junction City, Kansas. Workers at the agency assisted an FBI artist in creating a sketch of the renter, who had used the alias "Robert Kling". The sketch was shown in the area. Lea McGown, manager of the local Dreamland Motel, identified the sketch as Timothy McVeigh.[55][56]
Shortly after the bombing, while driving on I-35 in Noble County, near Perry, Oklahoma, McVeigh was stopped by Oklahoma State Trooper Charles J. Hanger.[57] Hanger had passed McVeigh's yellow 1977 Mercury Marquis and noticed that it had no license plate. McVeigh admitted to the police officer (who noticed a bulge under his jacket) that he had a gun and McVeigh was subsequently arrested for having driven without plates and illegal firearm possession; McVeigh's concealed weapon permit was not legal in Oklahoma. McVeigh was wearing a T-shirt at that time with a picture of Abraham Lincoln and the motto: sic semper tyrannis ('Thus always to tyrants'), the supposed words shouted by John Wilkes Booth after he shot Lincoln.[58] On the back, it had a tree with a picture of three blood droplets and the Thomas Jefferson quote, "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."[59] Three days later, while still in jail, McVeigh was identified as the subject of the nationwide manhunt.




McVeigh about to be led out of a Perry, Oklahoma, courthouse two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


On August 10, 1995, McVeigh was indicted on eleven federal counts, including conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, use of a weapon of mass destruction, destruction with the use of explosives and eight counts of first-degree murder.[60]
On February 20, 1996, the Court granted a change of venue and ordered that the case be transferred from Oklahoma City to the U.S. District Court in Denver, Colorado, to be presided over by U.S. District Judge Richard Paul Matsch.[61]
McVeigh instructed his lawyers to use a necessity defense, but they ended up not doing so,[62] because they would have had to prove that McVeigh was in "imminent danger" from the government. (McVeigh himself argued that "imminent" did not necessarily mean "immediate.") They would have argued that his bombing of the Murrah building was a justifiable response to what McVeigh believed were the crimes of the U.S. government at Waco, Texas, where the 51-day siege of the Branch Davidian complex resulted in the deaths of 76 Branch Davidians.[63] As part of the defense, McVeigh's lawyers showed the jury the controversial video Waco, the Big Lie.[64]
On June 2, 1997, McVeigh was found guilty on all eleven counts of the federal indictment.[65] After the verdict, McVeigh tried to calm his mother by saying, "Think of it this way. When I was in the Army, you didn't see me for years. Think of me that way now, like I'm away in the Army again, on an assignment for the military."[66]
On June 13, 1997, the jury recommended that McVeigh receive the death penalty.[67] The U.S. Department of Justice brought federal charges against McVeigh for causing the deaths of eight federal officers leading to a possible death penalty for McVeigh; they could not bring charges against McVeigh for the remaining 160 murders in federal court because those deaths fell under the jurisdiction of the State of Oklahoma. Because McVeigh was convicted and sentenced to death, the State of Oklahoma did not file murder charges against McVeigh for the other 160 deaths.[68] Before the sentence was formally pronounced by Judge Matsch, McVeigh addressed the court for the first time and said:

If the Court please, I wish to use the words of Justice Brandeis dissenting in Olmstead to speak for me. He wrote, 'Our Government is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or for ill, it teaches the whole people by its example.' That's all I have.[69]

Incarceration and execution[edit]




Florence ADMAX USP, where McVeigh was incarcerated


While imprisoned, McVeigh had the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) register number 12076-064.[70] McVeigh's death sentence was delayed pending an appeal. One of his appeals for certiorari, taken to the Supreme Court of the United States, was denied on March 8, 1999. McVeigh's request for a nationally televised execution was also denied. An Internet company also unsuccessfully sued for the right to broadcast it.[71][72] At ADX Florence, McVeigh and Nichols were housed in "Bomber's Row", the same cell block as Ted Kaczynski, Luis Felipe and Ramzi Yousef. Yousef made frequent, unsuccessful attempts to convert McVeigh to Islam.[73]
McVeigh said:

I am sorry these people had to lose their lives, but that's the nature of the beast. It's understood going in what the human toll will be.[74]

He said that if there turned out to be an afterlife, he would "improvise, adapt and overcome",[74] noting:

If there is a hell, then I'll be in good company with a lot of fighter pilots who also had to bomb innocents to win the war.[75]

He also said:

I knew I wanted this before it happened. I knew my objective was state-assisted suicide and when it happens, it's in your face. You just did something you're trying to say should be illegal for medical personnel.[76]





United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the site of the federal death row for men and the federal execution chamber






Death Certificate of Timothy McVeigh


The BOP transferred McVeigh from ADX Florence to the federal death row at United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana in 1999.[77]
McVeigh dropped his remaining appeals, saying that he would rather die than spend the rest of his life in prison.[78] On January 16, 2001 the Federal Bureau of Prisons set May 16, 2001 as McVeigh's execution date.[79] McVeigh stated that his only regret was not completely leveling the federal building.[80] Six days prior to his scheduled execution, the FBI turned over thousands of documents of evidence it had previously withheld to McVeigh's attorneys. As a result, U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft announced McVeigh's execution would be stayed for one month.[78]
The execution date was reset for June 11, 2001. McVeigh invited California conductor/composer David Woodard to perform pre-requiem Mass music on the eve of his execution. He requested a Catholic chaplain. He requested two pints of mint chocolate chip ice cream for his last meal.[81]
McVeigh chose William Ernest Henley's poem "Invictus" as his final statement.[82][83] Just before the execution, when he was asked if he had a final statement, he declined. Jay Sawyer, a relative of one of the victims, wrote, "Without saying a word, he got the final word." Larry Whicher, whose brother died in the attack, described McVeigh as having "a totally expressionless, blank stare. He had a look of defiance and that if he could, he'd do it all over again."[84]
McVeigh was executed by lethal injection at 7:14 a.m. on June 11, 2001, at the U.S. Federal Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the first federal prisoner to be executed by the United States federal government since Victor Feguer was executed in Iowa on March 15, 1963.
On November 21, 1997, President Bill Clinton had signed S. 923, special legislation introduced by Senator Arlen Specter to bar McVeigh and other veterans convicted of capital crimes from being buried in any military cemetery.[85][86][87] His body was cremated at Mattox Ryan Funeral Home in Terre Haute. His ashes were given to his lawyer, who "said that the final destination of McVeigh's remains would remain privileged forever." McVeigh had written that he considered having them dropped at the site of the memorial where the building once stood, but decided that would be "too vengeful, too raw, too cold."[4] He had expressed willingness to donate organs, but was prohibited from doing so by prison regulations.[47]
Psychiatrist John Smith concluded that McVeigh was "a decent person who had allowed rage to build up inside him to the point that he had lashed out in one terrible, violent act."[11] McVeigh's IQ was assessed at 126.[88]
Associations[edit]
According to CNN, his only known associations were as a registered Republican while in Buffalo, New York in the 1980s, and a membership in the National Rifle Association while in the Army, and there is no evidence that he ever belonged to any extremist groups.[89]
Religious beliefs[edit]
McVeigh was raised Roman Catholic.[90] During his childhood, he and his father attended Mass regularly.[91] McVeigh was confirmed at the Good Shepherd Church in Pendleton, New York, in 1985.[92] In a 1996 interview, McVeigh professed belief in "a God", although he said he had "sort of lost touch with" Catholicism and "I never really picked it up, however I do maintain core beliefs."[90] In McVeigh's biography American Terrorist, released in 2002, he stated that he did not believe in a hell and that science is his religion.[93][94] In June 2001, a day before the execution, McVeigh wrote a letter to the Buffalo News identifying himself as agnostic. However, he took the Last Rites, administered by a priest, just before his execution.[95][96][97][98][99][100] Father Charles Smith ministered to McVeigh in his last moments in death row.[101]
Motivations for the bombing[edit]


"Why? McVeigh told us at eloquent length, but our rulers and their media preferred to depict him as a sadistic, crazed monster ... who had done it for the kicks".

—Gore Vidal, 2002[50]
McVeigh claimed that the bombing was revenge against the government for the sieges at Waco, Texas and Ruby Ridge.[102] McVeigh visited Waco during the standoff. While there, he was interviewed by student reporter Michelle Rauch, a senior journalism major at Southern Methodist University who was writing for the school paper. McVeigh expressed his objections over what was happening there.[89] [103]
McVeigh frequently quoted and alluded to the white supremacist novel The Turner Diaries; he claimed to appreciate its interest in firearms. Photocopies of pages sixty-one and sixty-two of The Turner Diaries were found in an envelope inside McVeigh's car. These pages depicted a fictitious mortar attack upon the U.S. Capitol in Washington.[104]
In a 1,200-word essay[105] dated March 1998, from the federal maximum-security prison at Florence, Colorado, McVeigh claimed that the terrorist bombing was "morally equivalent" to U.S. military actions against Iraq and other foreign countries. The handwritten essay, submitted to and published by the alternative national news magazine Media Bypass, was distributed worldwide by The Associated Press on May 29, 1998. This was written in the midst of the 1998 Iraq disarmament crisis and a few months before Operation Desert Fox.

The administration has said that Iraq has no right to stockpile chemical or biological weapons ("weapons of mass destruction") — mainly because they have used them in the past.
Well, if that's the standard by which these matters are decided, then the U.S. is the nation that set the precedent. The U.S. has stockpiled these same weapons (and more) for over 40 years. The U.S. claims this was done for deterrent purposes during its "Cold War" with the Soviet Union. Why, then, it is invalid for Iraq to claim the same reason (deterrence) with respect to Iraq's (real) war with, and the continued threat of, its neighbor Iran?
The administration claims that Iraq has used these weapons in the past. We've all seen the pictures that show a Kurdish woman and child frozen in death from the use of chemical weapons. But, have you ever seen those pictures juxtaposed next to pictures from Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
I suggest that one study the histories of World War I, World War II and other "regional conflicts" that the U.S. has been involved in to familiarize themselves with the use of "weapons of mass destruction."
Remember Dresden? How about Hanoi? Tripoli? Baghdad? What about the big ones — Hiroshima and Nagasaki? (At these two locations, the U.S. killed at least 150,000 non-combatants — mostly women and children — in the blink of an eye. Thousands more took hours, days, weeks or months to die).
If Saddam is such a demon, and people are calling for war crimes charges and trials against him and his nation, why do we not hear the same cry for blood directed at those responsible for even greater amounts of "mass destruction" — like those responsible and involved in dropping bombs on the cities mentioned above?
The truth is, the U.S. has set the standard when it comes to the stockpiling and use of weapons of mass destruction.

The essay, which marked the first time that McVeigh publicly discussed the Oklahoma City bombing, continued:

Hypocrisy when it comes to the death of children? In Oklahoma City, it was family convenience that explained the presence of a day-care center placed between street level and the law enforcement agencies which occupied the upper floors of the building. Yet, when discussion shifts to Iraq, any day-care center in a government building instantly becomes "a shield." Think about it.
When considering morality and "mens rea" [criminal intent], in light of these facts, I ask: Who are the true barbarians? ...
I find it ironic, to say the least, that one of the aircraft used to drop such a bomb on Iraq is dubbed "The Spirit of Oklahoma." This leads me to a final, and unspoken, moral hypocrisy regarding the use of weapons of mass destruction.
When a U.S. plane or cruise missile is used to bring destruction to a foreign people, this nation rewards the bombers with applause and praise. What a convenient way to absolve these killers of any responsibility for the destruction they leave in their wake.
Unfortunately, the morality of killing is not so superficial. The truth is, the use of a truck, a plane or a missile for the delivery of a weapon of mass destruction does not alter the nature of the act itself.
These are weapons of mass destruction — and the method of delivery matters little to those on the receiving end of such weapons.
Whether you wish to admit it or not, when you approve, morally, of the bombing of foreign targets by the U.S. military, you are approving of acts morally equivalent to the bombing in Oklahoma City ...

McVeigh included photocopies of a famous Vietnam War-era picture showing terrified children fleeing napalm bombs, and of nuclear devastation in Japan. He said in a preface that the essay was intended to "provoke thought — and was not written with malevolent intent."
On April 26, 2001, McVeigh wrote a letter to Fox News, I Explain Herein Why I Bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, which explicitly laid out his reasons for the attack.[106] McVeigh read Unintended Consequences and said that if it had come out a few years earlier, he would have given serious consideration to using sniper attacks in a war of attrition against the government instead of bombing a federal building.[107]
Accomplices[edit]
McVeigh's accomplice, Terry Nichols, was convicted and sentenced in federal court to life in prison for his role in the crime.[108] At Nichols' trial, evidence was presented indicating that others may have been involved.[109] Several residents of central Kansas, including real estate agent Georgia Rucker and a retired Army NCO, testified at Terry Nichols' federal trial that they had seen two trucks at Geary Lake State Park, where prosecutors alleged the bomb was assembled. The retired NCO said he visited the lake on April 18, 1995, but left after a group of surly men looked at him aggressively. The operator of the Dreamland Motel testified that two Ryder trucks had been parked outside her Grandview Plaza motel where McVeigh stayed in Room 26 the weekend before the bombing.[110] Terry Nichols is incarcerated at ADX Florence in Florence, Colorado.[111]
An ATF informant, Carol Howe, told reporters that shortly before the bombing she had warned her handlers that guests of Elohim City, Oklahoma were planning a major bombing attack.[112] McVeigh was issued a speeding ticket there at the same time.[1] Other than this speeding ticket, there is no evidence of a connection between McVeigh and members of the Midwest Bank Robbers at Elohim City.[113]
In February 2004, the FBI announced it would review its investigation after learning that agents in the investigation of the Midwest Bank Robbers (an alleged Aryan-oriented gang) had turned up explosive caps of the same type that were used to trigger the Oklahoma City bomb.[114] Agents expressed surprise that bombing investigators had not been provided information from the Midwest Bank Robbers investigation. McVeigh declined further delays and maintained until his death that he had acted alone in the bombing.
Some witnesses claimed to have seen a second suspect, and there was a search for a "John Doe #2", but none was ever found.
See also[edit]


United States portal
Biography portal
Terrorism portal



Lone wolf (terrorism)
Militia organizations in the United States

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Imitating Turner". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh: Convicted Oklahoma City Bomber". CNN. March 29, 2001. Archived from the original on March 1, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh dead". CNN. Retrieved July 30, 2015. 
^ "McVeigh biographers share 'chilling' audiotapes: Authors Michel and Herbeck reflect on McVeigh, OKC anniversary". MSNBC. April 15, 2010. Retrieved April 22, 2010. 
^ Shariat, Sheryll; Mallonee, Sue; Stephens-Stidham, Shelli (December 1998). "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Injury Prevention Service, Oklahoma State Department of Health. 
^ A Short History of Ireland - Page 341, John O'Beirne Ranelagh - 2012
^ "Ancestry of Tim McVeigh". Wargs.com. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh author Dan Herbeck quizzed". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ "Inside McVeigh's mind". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Profile: Timothy McVeigh". BBC News. May 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 31–32
^ Chase, Alston (2004). A Mind for Murder: The Education of the Unabomber and the Origins of Modern Terrorism. W. W. Norton & Company. p. 370. ISBN 0-393-32556-3. 
^ Smith, Brent L., Damhousse, Kelly R. and Roberts, Paxton, Pre-Incident Indicators of Terrorist Incidents: The Identification of Behavioral, Geographic and Temporal Patterns of Preparatory Conduct, Document No.: 214217, May 2006, p. 234, found at NCJRS Government website, Scribd website and DHS Government website. Retrieved July 22, 2009.
^ Linder, Douglas O. "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006 feb 17; cf. People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 61
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 87-88
^ Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ a b Jacobs, Sally (June 10, 1995). "The Radicalization Of Timothy McVeigh". tulsaworld.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ a b Willman, David; Ostrow, Ronald J. (April 28, 1995). "Investigators Believe Bombing Was the Work of 4 or 5 People : Terrorism: Father, son are under scrutiny. FBI says 3 witnesses can place McVeigh near blast scene. Arizona town emerges as possible base for plotters.". latimes.com. p. 4. Retrieved 18 November 2014. 
^ KIFNER, JOHN. "McVEIGH'S MIND: A special report.;Oklahoma Bombing Suspect: Unraveling of a Frayed Life". New York Times. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "Soldiers of Misfortune". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 1st letter". CNN. Archived from the original on 2008-01-19. 
^ a b Goldstein, Steve (May 3, 1995). "Mcveigh Wrote To Congressman About 'Self-defense'". philly.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 102
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 114
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 117-118
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p.111
^ Brian Morton (April 15, 2009). "The Guns of Spring". Baltimore City Paper. Times-Shamrock. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. 
^ The Guns of Spring; The Smirking Chimp; 2009
^ Martinez, J. Michael (2012). Terrorist Attacks on American Soil: From the Civil War Era to the Present. Rowman & Littlefield Publishers. p. 289. ISBN 1-442-20324-2. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 121
^ Handlin, Sam (2001) "Profile of a Mass Murderer: Who Is Timothy McVeigh? Court TV Online.
^ Thomas, Jo (November 14, 1997). "Jury Hears of McVeigh Remarks About Nichols and Bomb Making". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Tim In Transit". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Bryce, Robert (August 18, 2000). "Prying Open the Case of the Missing Door". The Austin Chronicle. 
^ Editors (2000) "Gun Shows in America." Violence Policy Center.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 136-14-
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 156-158
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 161-162
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 184-185
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 195
^ "Timothy McVeigh's Letter to Fox News". Digital-Exp.com. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh Considered Assassinating Reno, Other Officials". Kuwait News Agency. April 27, 2001. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 'wanted to kill US attorney general'". The Daily Telegraph. London. April 28, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Saulny, Susan (April 27, 2001). "McVeigh Says He Considered Killing Reno". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Ready for execution, McVeigh says he's sorry for deaths". Newsok.com. June 9, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Oklahoma State Department of Health. December 1998. 
^ See Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh:
^ a b Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace. pp. 1,81. 
^ Global Terrorism Database
^ Romano, Lois; Kenworthy, Tom (April 25, 1997). "Prosecutor Paints McVeigh As 'Twisted' U.S. Terrorist". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ "McVeigh Vents On '60 Minutes'". cbsnews.com. March 13, 2000. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Thomas, Jo (March 29, 2001). "'No Sympathy' for Dead Children, McVeigh Says". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Collins, James; Patrick E. Cole; Elaine Shannon (April 27, 1997). "Oklahoma City: The Weight Of Evidence". Time. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "License Tag Snag". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ See "Officer of the Month – October 2001: Second Lieutenant Charles J. Hanger, Oklahoma Highway Patrol," National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, copyright 2004–06. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ "The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber". Crime Library. Retrieved July 12, 2007. 
^ "'Turner Diaries' introduced in McVeigh trial". CNN. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ *Count 1 was "conspiracy to detonate a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a, culminating in the deaths of 168 people and destruction of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

Count 2 was "use of a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a (2)(a) & (b).
Count 3 was "destruction by explosives resulting in death", in violation of 18 USC § 844(f)(2)(a) & (b).
Counts 4 through 11 were first-degree murder in violation of 18 USC § 1111, 1114, & 2 and 28 CFR § 64.2(h), each count in connection to one of the eight law enforcement officers who were killed during the attack.


^ Romano, Lois (May 12, 1997). "Richard Matsch Has a Firm Grip on His Gavel in the Oklahoma City Bombing Trial". National Special Report: Oklahoma Bombing Trial. Washington Post. Retrieved April 15, 2010. 
^ "People In The News". CNN. February 7, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ Linder, Douglas O., "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ "People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row", transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ Eddy, Mark; Lane, George; Pankratz, Howard; Wilmsen, Steven "Guilty on Every Count," Denver Post Online June 3, 1997, accessed August 7, 2006:

Although 168 people, including 19 children, were killed in the April 19, 1995, bombing, murder charges were brought against McVeigh for only the eight federal agents who were on duty when the bomb destroyed much of the Murrah Building.


Along with the eight counts of murder, McVeigh was charged with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, using a weapon of mass destruction and destroying a federal building.


Oklahoma City District Attorney Bob Macy said he would file state charges in the other 160 murders after McVeigh's co-defendant, Terry Nichols, was tried.


^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 347
^ See "Sentenced to Die," The News Hour with Jim Lehrer, Online NewsHour, PBS, June 13, 1997. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Serrano, Richard A. (August 15, 1997). "McVeigh Speaks Out, Receives Death Sentence". latimes.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ "Timothy James McVeigh." Federal Bureau of Prisons. Retrieved May 19, 2010.
^ Williams, Dave (April 5, 2001). "Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution". CNN. Archived from the original on October 10, 2009. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (April 19, 2001). "The execution will not be webcast". Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 360-361
^ a b Borger, Julian (June 11, 2001). "McVeigh faces day of reckoning". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ McVeigh, Tracey (May 9, 2001). "Dead man talking". The Guardian. London. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (19 April 2001). The execution will not be webcast. Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Huppke, Rex W. "EXECUTION: Terre Haute, Ind. dreads execution of Timothy McVeigh." Associated Press at the Southeast Missourian. Friday April 6, 2001. 2A (continued from 1A). Retrieved from Google News (2/16) on October 14, 2010. "The planning for this day began when McVeigh was moved to the U.S. Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana along with the 19 other federal death row inmates in 1999[...]"
^ a b "Bush calls McVeigh execution delay necessary". CNN. May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 14, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Federal Execution date set for Timothy James McVeigh Archived 2010-05-27 at the Wayback Machine.." Federal Bureau of Prisons. January 16, 2001. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
^ Borger, Julian (March 30, 2001). "McVeigh brushes aside deaths". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "index". Lastmealsproject.com. Archived from the original on 2014-08-21. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ Quayle, Catherine (June 11, 2001). "Execution of an American Terrorist". Court TV. 
^ Cosby, Rita (June 12, 2001). "Timothy McVeigh Put to Death for Oklahoma City Bombings". FOX News. Retrieved April 15, 2008. 
^ Ottley, Ted (June 7, 2001). "Pre-Execution News: McVeigh's Stay Request Denied". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Gottman, Andrew J (Spring 1999). "Fair notice, even for terrorists: Timothy McVeigh and a new standard for the ex post facto clause". Washington and Lee Law Review. Archived from the original on 2009-10-01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Bill Summary & Status, 105th Congress (1997–98), S.923". Library of Congress. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ "Hearing on S. 923 and H.R. 2040, to deny burial in a federally funded cemetery and other benefits to veterans convicted of certain capital crimes". U.S. House of Representatives. July 9, 1997. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 288
^ a b Profile of Timothy McVeigh, Archived 2006-02-09 at the Wayback Machine. CNN, March 29, 2001. Retrieved February 22, 2015
^ a b Patrick Cole, "A Look Back in TIME: Interview with Timothy McVeigh", March 30, 1996. Retrieved October 19, 2010. Archived March 29, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ McFadden, Robert D. (April 23, 1995). "Terror in Oklahoma: The Suspect; One Man's Complex Path to Extremism". The New York Times. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "Fellow inmate counsels McVeigh". USA Today. Associated Press. June 20, 2001. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "The McVeigh Tapes" Rachel Maddow Show, aired April 19, 2010, pt. 1 at 2 min. 40 sec.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 142-143
^ Julian Borger,"McVeigh faces day of reckoning: Special report: Timothy McVeigh,", The Guardian Online, June 11, 2001. Retrieved October 19, 2010.
^ Catholicity.com
^ Beliefnet.com
^ Indcatholicnews
^ Toledoblade
^ McVeigh took last rites before execution Edition.cnn, CNN, April 10, 2001. Retrieved 7 October 2015.
^ culteducation.com
^ See "McVeigh Remorseless About Bombing," newswire release, Associated Press, March 29, 2001.
^ "Timothy McVeigh in Waco". UMKC.edu. Retrieved August 14, 2012. 
^ Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh.
^ McVeigh, Timothy J. (June 1998). "An Essay on Hypocrisy". Media Bypass magazine. 
^ "McVeigh's Apr. 26 Letter to Fox News". Fox News. April 26, 2001. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 304
^ "Terry Nichols Sentenced to Life With No Hope of Parole - The Tech". tech.mit.edu. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Neiwert, David. "The mystery of John Doe No. 2". Salon. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Achenbach, Joel (1995-06-11). "DEAD ENDS". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "Oklahoma City bomber Terry Nichols says in prison letters he is not a terrorist". MLive.com. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Isikoff, Michael (2012-04-18). "Oklahoma City Bombing's Unanswered Questions in New Book". The Daily Beast. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "The Complicated Defense of Timothy McVeigh". Mother Jones. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "FBI | Cover Story". stories.fbi.gov. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 


Further reading[edit]

Jones, Stephen and Peter Israel. Others Unknown: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing Conspiracy, 2nd ed. New York: PublicAffairs, 2001. ISBN 1-58648-098-7.
Madeira, Jody Lyneé. Killing McVeigh: The Death Penalty and the Myth of Closure. NYU Press, 2012. ISBN 0-81-479610-9 ISBN 978-0-814-79610-8
Michel, Lou and Dan Herbeck. American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: ReganBooks (HarperCollins), 2001. ISBN 0-06-039407-2.
Brandon M. Stickney, "All-American Monster: The Unauthorized Biography of Timothy McVeigh". Amherst, New York: Prometheus Books, 1996. ISBN 978-1-57392-088-9.
Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace: How We Got to Be So Hated, Thunder's Mouth Press/Nation Books, 2002. ISBN 1-56025-405-X.
Wright, Stuart A. Patriots, Politics, and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2007. ISBN 978-0-521-87264-5

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Timothy McVeigh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Timothy McVeigh.



"Bad Day Dawning" in "Criminals and Methods: Timothy McVeigh" at Court TV: Crime Library
Timothy McVeigh's April 27, 2001 letter to reporter Rita Cosby—Explains why he bombed the Murrah Federal Building (posted on independence.net)
Timothy McVeigh's Prison Dossier at The Smoking Gun
The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber at Court TV: Crime Library
Voices of Oklahoma interview with Stephen Jones. First person interview conducted on January 27, 2010, with Stephen Jones, lawyer for Timothy McVeigh.
Ted Kaczynski's letter to the writers of the book, American Terrorist — Critique of Timothy McVeigh by fellow inmate Unabomber
Execution of Timothy McVeigh - USA Today




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 824027
LCCN: no96020128
GND: 119517760










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Timothy_McVeigh&oldid=791575837"					
Categories: 1968 births2001 deaths20th-century American criminals21st-century executions by the United States federal government21st-century executions of American people1995 murders in the United StatesAmerican mass murderersAmerican military personnel of the Gulf WarAmerican people convicted of murderAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican conspiracy theoristsConverts to Roman Catholicism from atheism or agnosticismAmerican Roman CatholicsBombers (people)Executed mass murderersNew York RepublicansOklahoma City bombingPeople convicted of murder by the United States federal governmentPeople convicted on terrorism chargesPeople executed by the United States federal government by lethal injectionPeople from Kingman, ArizonaPeople from Lockport, New YorkPeople from Pendleton, New YorkUnited States Army soldiersAmerican victims of school bullyingExecuted people from New YorkCriminals from New YorkFar-right politics in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsTracking infobox criminal with motive parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatviešuMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 04:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Timothy McVeigh - Wikipedia






















 






Timothy McVeigh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the United States Navy sailor, see Timothy R. McVeigh.


Timothy McVeigh



FBI mugshot of McVeigh in 1995.



Born
Timothy James McVeigh
(1968-04-23)April 23, 1968
Lockport, New York, U.S.


Died
June 11, 2001(2001-06-11) (aged 33)
USP Terre Haute in Terre Haute, Indiana, U.S.


Cause of death
Execution by lethal injection


Nationality
American


Other names
Tim Tuttle[1]
Darel Bridges[2]
Robert Kling


Occupation
U.S. Army veteran, security guard


Criminal penalty
Death by lethal injection


Criminal status
Executed





Motive
Retaliation for the Waco Siege, Ruby Ridge, other government raids and general U.S. foreign policy


Conviction(s)
Use of a weapon of mass destruction
Conspiracy use of a weapon of mass destruction
Destructive use of explosives or incendiary devices
8 counts of first-degree murder of 8 federal law enforcement officers


Partner(s)
Terry Nichols
Michael Fortier


Killings


Date
April 19, 1995
9:02 a.m. (CDT)


Location(s)
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.


Target(s)
Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, housing Federal government


Killed
168


Injured
680+


Weapon
Ammonium nitrate and nitromethane fertilizer truck bomb





Timothy James McVeigh (April 23, 1968 – June 11, 2001) was an American domestic terrorist convicted[3] and executed[4] for the detonation of an ammonium nitrate fertilizer and nitromethane truck bomb in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995.[5] Commonly referred to as the Oklahoma City bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600.[6] According to the United States government, it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the United States prior to the September 11 attacks, and remains the most significant act of domestic terrorism in United States history.
McVeigh, a Gulf War veteran, sought revenge against the federal government for its handling of the 1993 Waco siege, which ended in the deaths of 76 people exactly two years before the bombing, as well as for the 1992 Ruby Ridge incident. McVeigh hoped to inspire a revolt against the federal government. He was convicted of eleven federal offenses and sentenced to death. His execution was carried out in a considerably shorter amount of time than average after his trial, as most convicts on death row in the United States spend an average of fifteen years awaiting execution. Four years after his conviction, McVeigh was executed by lethal injection on June 11, 2001, at the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana. Terry Nichols and Michael Fortier were also convicted as conspirators in the plot. Nichols was sentenced to 161 life terms without parole. Fortier was sentenced to 12 years and has since been released.



Contents


1 Childhood
2 Military life
3 Post-military life

3.1 1993 Waco siege and gun shows


4 Arizona with Fortier
5 With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices
6 Plan against federal building or individuals
7 Oklahoma City bombing
8 Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing
9 Incarceration and execution
10 Associations
11 Religious beliefs
12 Motivations for the bombing
13 Accomplices
14 See also
15 References
16 Further reading
17 External links



Childhood[edit]
McVeigh was born in Lockport, New York, the only son and the second of three children of Mildred "Mickey" Noreen (née Hill) and William McVeigh.[1] His Irish American[7] parents divorced when he was ten years old, and he was raised by his father in Pendleton, New York.[1][8]
McVeigh claimed to have been a target of bullying at school, and he took refuge in a fantasy world where he imagined retaliating against the bullies.[9] At the end of his life, he stated his belief that the United States government is the ultimate bully.[10] Most who knew McVeigh remember him as being very shy and withdrawn, while a few described him as an outgoing and playful child who withdrew as an adolescent. McVeigh is said to have had only one girlfriend during his adolescence; he later stated to journalists that he did not have any idea how to impress girls.[11]
While in high school, McVeigh became interested in computers and hacked into government computer systems on his Commodore 64 under the handle "The Wanderer", borrowed from the song by Dion DiMucci. In his senior year, McVeigh was named Starpoint Central High School's "most promising computer programmer,"[12] but he maintained relatively poor grades until his 1986 graduation.[1]
McVeigh was introduced to firearms by his grandfather. He told people he wanted to be a gun shop owner and sometimes took firearms to school to impress his classmates. McVeigh became intensely interested in gun rights, as well as the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, after he graduated from high school, and read magazines such as Soldier of Fortune. He briefly attended Bryant & Stratton College before dropping out.[13][14]
Military life[edit]
In May 1988, at the age of 20, McVeigh graduated from the U.S. Army Infantry School at Fort Benning, Georgia.[15] While in the military, McVeigh used much of his spare time to read about firearms, sniper tactics, and explosives.[16] McVeigh was reprimanded by the military for purchasing a "White Power" T-shirt at a Ku Klux Klan protest against black servicemen who wore "Black Power" T-shirts around a Military installation (primarily Army).[17]
He was a top-scoring gunner with the 25mm cannon of the Bradley Fighting Vehicles used by his 1st Infantry Division.[18] He was stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, before being deployed on Operation Desert Storm.
Speaking of his experience in Kuwait in an interview before his execution, documented in McVeigh's authorized biography American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh & the Tragedy at Oklahoma City, he stated he decapitated an Iraqi soldier with cannon fire on his first day in the war and celebrated. He said he later was shocked to be ordered to execute surrendering prisoners and to see carnage on the road leaving Kuwait City after U.S. troops routed the Iraqi army. McVeigh received several service awards, including the Bronze Star Medal,[1] National Defense Service Medal,[19] Southwest Asia Service Medal,[20] Army Service Ribbon,[20] and the Kuwaiti Liberation Medal.[19]
McVeigh aspired to join the United States Army Special Forces (SF). After returning from the Gulf War, he entered the selection program. However, he washed out on the second day of the 21-day assessment and selection course for the Special Forces. McVeigh decided to leave the Army and was honorably discharged in 1991.[21]
Post-military life[edit]
After leaving the United States Army in 1992, McVeigh grew increasingly transient. At first he worked briefly near his hometown of Pendleton as a security guard for Pinkerton Government Services at Calspan in Cheektowaga, where he spoke daily to his co-worker Carl Lebron, Jr. about his loathing for government. Deciding the Buffalo area was too liberal, he left his job and began driving around the country, seeking out his old friends from the Army.[22]
McVeigh wrote letters to local newspapers complaining about taxes:

Taxes are a joke. Regardless of what a political candidate "promises," they will increase. More taxes are always the answer to government mismanagement. They mess up. We suffer. Taxes are reaching cataclysmic levels, with no slowdown in sight. [...] Is a Civil War Imminent? Do we have to shed blood to reform the current system? I hope it doesn't come to that. But it might.[23]

McVeigh also wrote to Representative John J. LaFalce ((D) New York),[24] complaining about the arrest of a woman for carrying mace:

It is a lie if we tell ourselves that the police can protect us everywhere at all times. Firearms restrictions are bad enough, but now a woman can't even carry Mace in her purse?[24]

While visiting friends in Decker, Michigan, McVeigh reportedly complained that the Army had implanted a microchip into his buttocks so that the government could keep track of him.[1] McVeigh worked long hours in a dead-end job and felt that he did not have a home. He sought romance, but his advances were rejected by a co-worker and he felt nervous around women. He believed that he brought too much pain to his loved ones.[25] He grew angry and frustrated at his difficulties in finding a girlfriend and he took up obsessive gambling.[26] Unable to pay back gambling debts, he took a cash advance and then defaulted on his repayments. He then began looking for a state without heavy government regulation or high taxes. He became enraged when the government told him that he had been overpaid $1,058 while in the Army and he had to pay back the money. He wrote an angry letter to the government inviting them to:

Go ahead, take everything I own; take my dignity. Feel good as you grow fat and rich at my expense; sucking my tax dollars and property.[27]

McVeigh introduced his sister to anti-government literature, but his father had little interest in these views. He moved out of his father's house and into an apartment that had no telephone, which had the advantage of making it impossible for his employer to contact him for overtime assignments. He also quit the NRA, viewing its stance on gun rights as too weak.[28]
1993 Waco siege and gun shows[edit]
In 1993, he drove to Waco, Texas during the Waco siege to show his support. At the scene, he distributed pro-gun rights literature and bumper stickers, such as "When guns are outlawed, I will become an outlaw." He told a student reporter:

The government is afraid of the guns people have because they have to have control of the people at all times. Once you take away the guns, you can do anything to the people. You give them an inch and they take a mile. I believe we are slowly turning into a socialist government. The government is continually growing bigger and more powerful, and the people need to prepare to defend themselves against government control.[29][30]

For the five months following the Waco siege, McVeigh worked at gun shows and handed out free cards printed up with Lon Horiuchi's name and address, "in the hope that somebody in the Patriot movement would assassinate the sharpshooter." (Horiuchi is an FBI sniper and some of his official actions have drawn controversy, specifically his shooting and killing of Randy Weaver's wife while she held an infant child.) He wrote hate mail to the sniper, suggesting that "what goes around, comes around". McVeigh later considered putting aside his plan to target the Murrah Building to target Horiuchi or a member of his family instead.[31]
McVeigh became a fixture on the gun show circuit, traveling to forty states and visiting about eighty gun shows. McVeigh found that the further west he went, the more anti-government sentiment he encountered, at least until he got to what he called "The People's Socialist Republic of California."[32] McVeigh sold survival items and copies of The Turner Diaries. One author said:

In the gun show culture, McVeigh found a home. Though he remained skeptical of some of the most extreme ideas being bandied around, he liked talking to people there about the United Nations, the federal government and possible threats to American liberty.[33]

Arizona with Fortier[edit]
McVeigh had a road atlas with hand-drawn designations of the most likely places for nuclear attacks and considered buying property in Seligman, Arizona, which he determined to be in a "nuclear-free zone." McVeigh lived with Michael Fortier in Kingman, Arizona, and they became so close that he served as best man at Fortier's wedding. McVeigh experimented with cannabis and methamphetamine after first researching their effects in an encyclopedia.[34] However, he was never as interested in drugs as Fortier was. One of the reasons they parted ways was McVeigh's boredom with Fortier's drug habits.[35]
With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices[edit]
In April 1993, McVeigh headed for a farm in Michigan where Terry Nichols lived. In between watching coverage of the Waco siege on TV, Nichols and his brother began teaching McVeigh how to make explosives out of readily available materials; specifically, they combined household chemicals in plastic jugs. The destruction of the Waco compound enraged McVeigh and convinced him that it was time to take action. The government's use of CS gas on women and children angered McVeigh; he had been exposed to the gas as part of his military training and was familiar with its effects. The disappearance of certain evidence,[36] such as the bullet-riddled steel-reinforced front door to the complex, led him to suspect a cover-up.
McVeigh's anti-government rhetoric became more radical. He began to sell Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) hats riddled with bullet holes and a flare gun, which, he said, could shoot down an "ATF helicopter".[3][37] He produced videos detailing the government's actions at Waco and handed out pamphlets with titles like "U.S. Government Initiates Open Warfare Against American People" and "Waco Shootout Evokes Memory of Warsaw '43." He began changing his answering machine greeting every couple of weeks to various quotes by Patrick Henry such as "Give me liberty or give me death."[38] He began experimenting with pipe bombs and other small explosive devices. The government also imposed new firearms restrictions in 1994 that McVeigh believed threatened his livelihood.[35]
McVeigh dissociated himself from his boyhood friend Steve Hodge by sending him a 23-page farewell letter. He proclaimed his devotion to the United States Declaration of Independence, explaining in detail what each sentence meant to him. McVeigh declared that:

Those who betray or subvert the Constitution are guilty of sedition and/or treason, are domestic enemies and should and will be punished accordingly.
It also stands to reason that anyone who sympathizes with the enemy or gives aid or comfort to said enemy is likewise guilty. I have sworn to uphold and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic and I will. And I will because not only did I swear to, but I believe in what it stands for in every bit of my heart, soul and being. I know in my heart that I am right in my struggle, Steve. I have come to peace with myself, my God and my cause. Blood will flow in the streets, Steve. Good vs. Evil. Free Men vs. Socialist Wannabe Slaves. Pray it is not your blood, my friend.

McVeigh felt the need to personally reconnoiter sites of rumored conspiracies. He visited Area 51 in order to defy government restrictions on photography and went to Gulfport, Mississippi to determine the veracity of rumors about United Nations operations. These turned out to be false; the Russian vehicles on the site were being configured for use in U.N.-sponsored humanitarian aid efforts. Around this time, McVeigh and Nichols also began making bulk purchases of ammonium nitrate, an agricultural fertilizer, for resale to survivalists, since rumors were circulating that the government was preparing to ban it.[39]
Plan against federal building or individuals[edit]
McVeigh told Fortier of his plans to blow up a federal building, but Fortier declined to participate. Fortier also told his wife about the plans.[40] McVeigh composed two letters to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, the first titled "Constitutional Defenders" and the second "ATF Read." He denounced government officials as "fascist tyrants" and "storm troopers" and warned:

ATF, all you tyrannical people will swing in the wind one day for your treasonous actions against the Constitution of the United States. Remember the Nuremberg War Trials.[2]

McVeigh also wrote a letter of recruitment to a customer named Steve Colbern:

A man with nothing left to lose is a very dangerous man and his energy/anger can be focused toward a common/righteous goal. What I'm asking you to do, then, is sit back and be honest with yourself. Do you have kids/wife? Would you back out at the last minute to care for the family? Are you interested in keeping your firearms for their current/future monetary value, or would you drag that '06 through rock, swamp and cactus... to get off the needed shot? In short, I'm not looking for talkers, I'm looking for fighters... And if you are a fed, think twice. Think twice about the Constitution you are supposedly enforcing (isn't "enforcing freedom" an oxymoron?) and think twice about catching us with our guard down – you will lose just like Degan did – and your family will lose.[41]

McVeigh began announcing that he had progressed from the "propaganda" phase to the "action" phase. He wrote to his Michigan friend Gwenda Strider, "I have certain other 'militant' talents that are in short supply and greatly demanded."[42]
McVeigh later said he considered "a campaign of individual assassination," with "eligible" targets including Attorney-General Janet Reno, Judge Walter S. Smith Jr. of Federal District Court, who handled the Branch Davidian trial, and Lon Horiuchi, a member of the FBI hostage-rescue team who shot and killed Vicki Weaver in a standoff at a remote cabin at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, in 1992.[43] He said he wanted Reno to accept "full responsibility in deed, not just words."[44] Such an assassination seemed too difficult,[45] and he decided that since federal agents had become soldiers, it was necessary to strike against them at their command centers.[46] According to McVeigh's authorized biography, he ultimately decided that he would make the loudest statement by bombing a federal building. After the bombing, he was ambivalent about his act; as he expressed in letters to his hometown newspaper, he sometimes wished he had carried out a series of assassinations against police and government officials instead.[47]
Oklahoma City bombing[edit]
Main article: Oklahoma City bombing




The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


Working at a lakeside campground near McVeigh's old Army post, he and Nichols constructed an ANNM explosive device mounted in the back of a rented Ryder truck. The bomb consisted of about 5,000 pounds (2,300 kg) of ammonium nitrate and nitromethane.
On April 19, 1995, McVeigh drove the truck to the front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building just as its offices opened for the day. Before arriving, he stopped to light a two-minute fuse. At 09:02, a large explosion destroyed the north half of the building. It killed 168 people, including nineteen children in the day care center on the second floor, and injured 684 others.[48]
McVeigh said that he had no knowledge that the federal offices also ran a daycare center on the second floor of the building, and that he might have chosen a different target if he had known about it.[49][50] Nichols disputed this, saying that he and McVeigh knew there was a daycare center in the building and that they did not care.[51][52]
McVeigh's biographers, Lou Michel and Dan Herbeck, quote McVeigh, with whom they spoke for 75 hours, on his attitude to the victims:

To these people in Oklahoma who have lost a loved one, I'm sorry but it happens every day. You're not the first mother to lose a kid, or the first grandparent to lose a grandson or a granddaughter. It happens every day, somewhere in the world. I'm not going to go into that courtroom, curl into a fetal ball and cry just because the victims want me to do that.

During an interview with Ed Bradley for television news magazine 60 Minutes in 2000, Bradley asked McVeigh for his reaction to the deaths of the nineteen children. McVeigh stated:

I thought it was terrible that there were children in the building.[53]

According to the Oklahoma City Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism (MIPT), more than 300 buildings were damaged. More than 12,000 volunteers and rescue workers took part in the rescue, recovery and support operations following the bombing. In reference to theories that he had assistance from others, McVeigh quoted a well known line from the film A Few Good Men, "You can't handle the truth!" and added "Because the truth is, I blew up the Murrah Building and isn't it kind of scary that one man could wreak this kind of hell?"[54]
Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing[edit]




FBI forensic sketch of McVeigh, and his FBI mugshot


By tracing the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) of a rear axle found in the wreckage, the FBI identified the vehicle as a Ryder Rental box truck rented from Junction City, Kansas. Workers at the agency assisted an FBI artist in creating a sketch of the renter, who had used the alias "Robert Kling". The sketch was shown in the area. Lea McGown, manager of the local Dreamland Motel, identified the sketch as Timothy McVeigh.[55][56]
Shortly after the bombing, while driving on I-35 in Noble County, near Perry, Oklahoma, McVeigh was stopped by Oklahoma State Trooper Charles J. Hanger.[57] Hanger had passed McVeigh's yellow 1977 Mercury Marquis and noticed that it had no license plate. McVeigh admitted to the police officer (who noticed a bulge under his jacket) that he had a gun and McVeigh was subsequently arrested for having driven without plates and illegal firearm possession; McVeigh's concealed weapon permit was not legal in Oklahoma. McVeigh was wearing a T-shirt at that time with a picture of Abraham Lincoln and the motto: sic semper tyrannis ('Thus always to tyrants'), the supposed words shouted by John Wilkes Booth after he shot Lincoln.[58] On the back, it had a tree with a picture of three blood droplets and the Thomas Jefferson quote, "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."[59] Three days later, while still in jail, McVeigh was identified as the subject of the nationwide manhunt.




McVeigh about to be led out of a Perry, Oklahoma, courthouse two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


On August 10, 1995, McVeigh was indicted on eleven federal counts, including conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, use of a weapon of mass destruction, destruction with the use of explosives and eight counts of first-degree murder.[60]
On February 20, 1996, the Court granted a change of venue and ordered that the case be transferred from Oklahoma City to the U.S. District Court in Denver, Colorado, to be presided over by U.S. District Judge Richard Paul Matsch.[61]
McVeigh instructed his lawyers to use a necessity defense, but they ended up not doing so,[62] because they would have had to prove that McVeigh was in "imminent danger" from the government. (McVeigh himself argued that "imminent" did not necessarily mean "immediate.") They would have argued that his bombing of the Murrah building was a justifiable response to what McVeigh believed were the crimes of the U.S. government at Waco, Texas, where the 51-day siege of the Branch Davidian complex resulted in the deaths of 76 Branch Davidians.[63] As part of the defense, McVeigh's lawyers showed the jury the controversial video Waco, the Big Lie.[64]
On June 2, 1997, McVeigh was found guilty on all eleven counts of the federal indictment.[65] After the verdict, McVeigh tried to calm his mother by saying, "Think of it this way. When I was in the Army, you didn't see me for years. Think of me that way now, like I'm away in the Army again, on an assignment for the military."[66]
On June 13, 1997, the jury recommended that McVeigh receive the death penalty.[67] The U.S. Department of Justice brought federal charges against McVeigh for causing the deaths of eight federal officers leading to a possible death penalty for McVeigh; they could not bring charges against McVeigh for the remaining 160 murders in federal court because those deaths fell under the jurisdiction of the State of Oklahoma. Because McVeigh was convicted and sentenced to death, the State of Oklahoma did not file murder charges against McVeigh for the other 160 deaths.[68] Before the sentence was formally pronounced by Judge Matsch, McVeigh addressed the court for the first time and said:

If the Court please, I wish to use the words of Justice Brandeis dissenting in Olmstead to speak for me. He wrote, 'Our Government is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or for ill, it teaches the whole people by its example.' That's all I have.[69]

Incarceration and execution[edit]




Florence ADMAX USP, where McVeigh was incarcerated


While imprisoned, McVeigh had the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) register number 12076-064.[70] McVeigh's death sentence was delayed pending an appeal. One of his appeals for certiorari, taken to the Supreme Court of the United States, was denied on March 8, 1999. McVeigh's request for a nationally televised execution was also denied. An Internet company also unsuccessfully sued for the right to broadcast it.[71][72] At ADX Florence, McVeigh and Nichols were housed in "Bomber's Row", the same cell block as Ted Kaczynski, Luis Felipe and Ramzi Yousef. Yousef made frequent, unsuccessful attempts to convert McVeigh to Islam.[73]
McVeigh said:

I am sorry these people had to lose their lives, but that's the nature of the beast. It's understood going in what the human toll will be.[74]

He said that if there turned out to be an afterlife, he would "improvise, adapt and overcome",[74] noting:

If there is a hell, then I'll be in good company with a lot of fighter pilots who also had to bomb innocents to win the war.[75]

He also said:

I knew I wanted this before it happened. I knew my objective was state-assisted suicide and when it happens, it's in your face. You just did something you're trying to say should be illegal for medical personnel.[76]





United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the site of the federal death row for men and the federal execution chamber






Death Certificate of Timothy McVeigh


The BOP transferred McVeigh from ADX Florence to the federal death row at United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana in 1999.[77]
McVeigh dropped his remaining appeals, saying that he would rather die than spend the rest of his life in prison.[78] On January 16, 2001 the Federal Bureau of Prisons set May 16, 2001 as McVeigh's execution date.[79] McVeigh stated that his only regret was not completely leveling the federal building.[80] Six days prior to his scheduled execution, the FBI turned over thousands of documents of evidence it had previously withheld to McVeigh's attorneys. As a result, U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft announced McVeigh's execution would be stayed for one month.[78]
The execution date was reset for June 11, 2001. McVeigh invited California conductor/composer David Woodard to perform pre-requiem Mass music on the eve of his execution. He requested a Catholic chaplain. He requested two pints of mint chocolate chip ice cream for his last meal.[81]
McVeigh chose William Ernest Henley's poem "Invictus" as his final statement.[82][83] Just before the execution, when he was asked if he had a final statement, he declined. Jay Sawyer, a relative of one of the victims, wrote, "Without saying a word, he got the final word." Larry Whicher, whose brother died in the attack, described McVeigh as having "a totally expressionless, blank stare. He had a look of defiance and that if he could, he'd do it all over again."[84]
McVeigh was executed by lethal injection at 7:14 a.m. on June 11, 2001, at the U.S. Federal Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the first federal prisoner to be executed by the United States federal government since Victor Feguer was executed in Iowa on March 15, 1963.
On November 21, 1997, President Bill Clinton had signed S. 923, special legislation introduced by Senator Arlen Specter to bar McVeigh and other veterans convicted of capital crimes from being buried in any military cemetery.[85][86][87] His body was cremated at Mattox Ryan Funeral Home in Terre Haute. His ashes were given to his lawyer, who "said that the final destination of McVeigh's remains would remain privileged forever." McVeigh had written that he considered having them dropped at the site of the memorial where the building once stood, but decided that would be "too vengeful, too raw, too cold."[4] He had expressed willingness to donate organs, but was prohibited from doing so by prison regulations.[47]
Psychiatrist John Smith concluded that McVeigh was "a decent person who had allowed rage to build up inside him to the point that he had lashed out in one terrible, violent act."[11] McVeigh's IQ was assessed at 126.[88]
Associations[edit]
According to CNN, his only known associations were as a registered Republican while in Buffalo, New York in the 1980s, and a membership in the National Rifle Association while in the Army, and there is no evidence that he ever belonged to any extremist groups.[89]
Religious beliefs[edit]
McVeigh was raised Roman Catholic.[90] During his childhood, he and his father attended Mass regularly.[91] McVeigh was confirmed at the Good Shepherd Church in Pendleton, New York, in 1985.[92] In a 1996 interview, McVeigh professed belief in "a God", although he said he had "sort of lost touch with" Catholicism and "I never really picked it up, however I do maintain core beliefs."[90] In McVeigh's biography American Terrorist, released in 2002, he stated that he did not believe in a hell and that science is his religion.[93][94] In June 2001, a day before the execution, McVeigh wrote a letter to the Buffalo News identifying himself as agnostic. However, he took the Last Rites, administered by a priest, just before his execution.[95][96][97][98][99][100] Father Charles Smith ministered to McVeigh in his last moments in death row.[101]
Motivations for the bombing[edit]


"Why? McVeigh told us at eloquent length, but our rulers and their media preferred to depict him as a sadistic, crazed monster ... who had done it for the kicks".

—Gore Vidal, 2002[50]
McVeigh claimed that the bombing was revenge against the government for the sieges at Waco, Texas and Ruby Ridge.[102] McVeigh visited Waco during the standoff. While there, he was interviewed by student reporter Michelle Rauch, a senior journalism major at Southern Methodist University who was writing for the school paper. McVeigh expressed his objections over what was happening there.[89] [103]
McVeigh frequently quoted and alluded to the white supremacist novel The Turner Diaries; he claimed to appreciate its interest in firearms. Photocopies of pages sixty-one and sixty-two of The Turner Diaries were found in an envelope inside McVeigh's car. These pages depicted a fictitious mortar attack upon the U.S. Capitol in Washington.[104]
In a 1,200-word essay[105] dated March 1998, from the federal maximum-security prison at Florence, Colorado, McVeigh claimed that the terrorist bombing was "morally equivalent" to U.S. military actions against Iraq and other foreign countries. The handwritten essay, submitted to and published by the alternative national news magazine Media Bypass, was distributed worldwide by The Associated Press on May 29, 1998. This was written in the midst of the 1998 Iraq disarmament crisis and a few months before Operation Desert Fox.

The administration has said that Iraq has no right to stockpile chemical or biological weapons ("weapons of mass destruction") — mainly because they have used them in the past.
Well, if that's the standard by which these matters are decided, then the U.S. is the nation that set the precedent. The U.S. has stockpiled these same weapons (and more) for over 40 years. The U.S. claims this was done for deterrent purposes during its "Cold War" with the Soviet Union. Why, then, it is invalid for Iraq to claim the same reason (deterrence) with respect to Iraq's (real) war with, and the continued threat of, its neighbor Iran?
The administration claims that Iraq has used these weapons in the past. We've all seen the pictures that show a Kurdish woman and child frozen in death from the use of chemical weapons. But, have you ever seen those pictures juxtaposed next to pictures from Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
I suggest that one study the histories of World War I, World War II and other "regional conflicts" that the U.S. has been involved in to familiarize themselves with the use of "weapons of mass destruction."
Remember Dresden? How about Hanoi? Tripoli? Baghdad? What about the big ones — Hiroshima and Nagasaki? (At these two locations, the U.S. killed at least 150,000 non-combatants — mostly women and children — in the blink of an eye. Thousands more took hours, days, weeks or months to die).
If Saddam is such a demon, and people are calling for war crimes charges and trials against him and his nation, why do we not hear the same cry for blood directed at those responsible for even greater amounts of "mass destruction" — like those responsible and involved in dropping bombs on the cities mentioned above?
The truth is, the U.S. has set the standard when it comes to the stockpiling and use of weapons of mass destruction.

The essay, which marked the first time that McVeigh publicly discussed the Oklahoma City bombing, continued:

Hypocrisy when it comes to the death of children? In Oklahoma City, it was family convenience that explained the presence of a day-care center placed between street level and the law enforcement agencies which occupied the upper floors of the building. Yet, when discussion shifts to Iraq, any day-care center in a government building instantly becomes "a shield." Think about it.
When considering morality and "mens rea" [criminal intent], in light of these facts, I ask: Who are the true barbarians? ...
I find it ironic, to say the least, that one of the aircraft used to drop such a bomb on Iraq is dubbed "The Spirit of Oklahoma." This leads me to a final, and unspoken, moral hypocrisy regarding the use of weapons of mass destruction.
When a U.S. plane or cruise missile is used to bring destruction to a foreign people, this nation rewards the bombers with applause and praise. What a convenient way to absolve these killers of any responsibility for the destruction they leave in their wake.
Unfortunately, the morality of killing is not so superficial. The truth is, the use of a truck, a plane or a missile for the delivery of a weapon of mass destruction does not alter the nature of the act itself.
These are weapons of mass destruction — and the method of delivery matters little to those on the receiving end of such weapons.
Whether you wish to admit it or not, when you approve, morally, of the bombing of foreign targets by the U.S. military, you are approving of acts morally equivalent to the bombing in Oklahoma City ...

McVeigh included photocopies of a famous Vietnam War-era picture showing terrified children fleeing napalm bombs, and of nuclear devastation in Japan. He said in a preface that the essay was intended to "provoke thought — and was not written with malevolent intent."
On April 26, 2001, McVeigh wrote a letter to Fox News, I Explain Herein Why I Bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, which explicitly laid out his reasons for the attack.[106] McVeigh read Unintended Consequences and said that if it had come out a few years earlier, he would have given serious consideration to using sniper attacks in a war of attrition against the government instead of bombing a federal building.[107]
Accomplices[edit]
McVeigh's accomplice, Terry Nichols, was convicted and sentenced in federal court to life in prison for his role in the crime.[108] At Nichols' trial, evidence was presented indicating that others may have been involved.[109] Several residents of central Kansas, including real estate agent Georgia Rucker and a retired Army NCO, testified at Terry Nichols' federal trial that they had seen two trucks at Geary Lake State Park, where prosecutors alleged the bomb was assembled. The retired NCO said he visited the lake on April 18, 1995, but left after a group of surly men looked at him aggressively. The operator of the Dreamland Motel testified that two Ryder trucks had been parked outside her Grandview Plaza motel where McVeigh stayed in Room 26 the weekend before the bombing.[110] Terry Nichols is incarcerated at ADX Florence in Florence, Colorado.[111]
An ATF informant, Carol Howe, told reporters that shortly before the bombing she had warned her handlers that guests of Elohim City, Oklahoma were planning a major bombing attack.[112] McVeigh was issued a speeding ticket there at the same time.[1] Other than this speeding ticket, there is no evidence of a connection between McVeigh and members of the Midwest Bank Robbers at Elohim City.[113]
In February 2004, the FBI announced it would review its investigation after learning that agents in the investigation of the Midwest Bank Robbers (an alleged Aryan-oriented gang) had turned up explosive caps of the same type that were used to trigger the Oklahoma City bomb.[114] Agents expressed surprise that bombing investigators had not been provided information from the Midwest Bank Robbers investigation. McVeigh declined further delays and maintained until his death that he had acted alone in the bombing.
Some witnesses claimed to have seen a second suspect, and there was a search for a "John Doe #2", but none was ever found.
See also[edit]


United States portal
Biography portal
Terrorism portal



Lone wolf (terrorism)
Militia organizations in the United States

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Imitating Turner". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh: Convicted Oklahoma City Bomber". CNN. March 29, 2001. Archived from the original on March 1, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh dead". CNN. Retrieved July 30, 2015. 
^ "McVeigh biographers share 'chilling' audiotapes: Authors Michel and Herbeck reflect on McVeigh, OKC anniversary". MSNBC. April 15, 2010. Retrieved April 22, 2010. 
^ Shariat, Sheryll; Mallonee, Sue; Stephens-Stidham, Shelli (December 1998). "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Injury Prevention Service, Oklahoma State Department of Health. 
^ A Short History of Ireland - Page 341, John O'Beirne Ranelagh - 2012
^ "Ancestry of Tim McVeigh". Wargs.com. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh author Dan Herbeck quizzed". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ "Inside McVeigh's mind". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Profile: Timothy McVeigh". BBC News. May 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 31–32
^ Chase, Alston (2004). A Mind for Murder: The Education of the Unabomber and the Origins of Modern Terrorism. W. W. Norton & Company. p. 370. ISBN 0-393-32556-3. 
^ Smith, Brent L., Damhousse, Kelly R. and Roberts, Paxton, Pre-Incident Indicators of Terrorist Incidents: The Identification of Behavioral, Geographic and Temporal Patterns of Preparatory Conduct, Document No.: 214217, May 2006, p. 234, found at NCJRS Government website, Scribd website and DHS Government website. Retrieved July 22, 2009.
^ Linder, Douglas O. "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006 feb 17; cf. People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 61
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 87-88
^ Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ a b Jacobs, Sally (June 10, 1995). "The Radicalization Of Timothy McVeigh". tulsaworld.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ a b Willman, David; Ostrow, Ronald J. (April 28, 1995). "Investigators Believe Bombing Was the Work of 4 or 5 People : Terrorism: Father, son are under scrutiny. FBI says 3 witnesses can place McVeigh near blast scene. Arizona town emerges as possible base for plotters.". latimes.com. p. 4. Retrieved 18 November 2014. 
^ KIFNER, JOHN. "McVEIGH'S MIND: A special report.;Oklahoma Bombing Suspect: Unraveling of a Frayed Life". New York Times. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "Soldiers of Misfortune". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 1st letter". CNN. Archived from the original on 2008-01-19. 
^ a b Goldstein, Steve (May 3, 1995). "Mcveigh Wrote To Congressman About 'Self-defense'". philly.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 102
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 114
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 117-118
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p.111
^ Brian Morton (April 15, 2009). "The Guns of Spring". Baltimore City Paper. Times-Shamrock. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. 
^ The Guns of Spring; The Smirking Chimp; 2009
^ Martinez, J. Michael (2012). Terrorist Attacks on American Soil: From the Civil War Era to the Present. Rowman & Littlefield Publishers. p. 289. ISBN 1-442-20324-2. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 121
^ Handlin, Sam (2001) "Profile of a Mass Murderer: Who Is Timothy McVeigh? Court TV Online.
^ Thomas, Jo (November 14, 1997). "Jury Hears of McVeigh Remarks About Nichols and Bomb Making". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Tim In Transit". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Bryce, Robert (August 18, 2000). "Prying Open the Case of the Missing Door". The Austin Chronicle. 
^ Editors (2000) "Gun Shows in America." Violence Policy Center.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 136-14-
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 156-158
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 161-162
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 184-185
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 195
^ "Timothy McVeigh's Letter to Fox News". Digital-Exp.com. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh Considered Assassinating Reno, Other Officials". Kuwait News Agency. April 27, 2001. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 'wanted to kill US attorney general'". The Daily Telegraph. London. April 28, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Saulny, Susan (April 27, 2001). "McVeigh Says He Considered Killing Reno". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Ready for execution, McVeigh says he's sorry for deaths". Newsok.com. June 9, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Oklahoma State Department of Health. December 1998. 
^ See Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh:
^ a b Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace. pp. 1,81. 
^ Global Terrorism Database
^ Romano, Lois; Kenworthy, Tom (April 25, 1997). "Prosecutor Paints McVeigh As 'Twisted' U.S. Terrorist". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ "McVeigh Vents On '60 Minutes'". cbsnews.com. March 13, 2000. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Thomas, Jo (March 29, 2001). "'No Sympathy' for Dead Children, McVeigh Says". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Collins, James; Patrick E. Cole; Elaine Shannon (April 27, 1997). "Oklahoma City: The Weight Of Evidence". Time. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "License Tag Snag". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ See "Officer of the Month – October 2001: Second Lieutenant Charles J. Hanger, Oklahoma Highway Patrol," National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, copyright 2004–06. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ "The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber". Crime Library. Retrieved July 12, 2007. 
^ "'Turner Diaries' introduced in McVeigh trial". CNN. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ *Count 1 was "conspiracy to detonate a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a, culminating in the deaths of 168 people and destruction of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

Count 2 was "use of a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a (2)(a) & (b).
Count 3 was "destruction by explosives resulting in death", in violation of 18 USC § 844(f)(2)(a) & (b).
Counts 4 through 11 were first-degree murder in violation of 18 USC § 1111, 1114, & 2 and 28 CFR § 64.2(h), each count in connection to one of the eight law enforcement officers who were killed during the attack.


^ Romano, Lois (May 12, 1997). "Richard Matsch Has a Firm Grip on His Gavel in the Oklahoma City Bombing Trial". National Special Report: Oklahoma Bombing Trial. Washington Post. Retrieved April 15, 2010. 
^ "People In The News". CNN. February 7, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ Linder, Douglas O., "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ "People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row", transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ Eddy, Mark; Lane, George; Pankratz, Howard; Wilmsen, Steven "Guilty on Every Count," Denver Post Online June 3, 1997, accessed August 7, 2006:

Although 168 people, including 19 children, were killed in the April 19, 1995, bombing, murder charges were brought against McVeigh for only the eight federal agents who were on duty when the bomb destroyed much of the Murrah Building.


Along with the eight counts of murder, McVeigh was charged with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, using a weapon of mass destruction and destroying a federal building.


Oklahoma City District Attorney Bob Macy said he would file state charges in the other 160 murders after McVeigh's co-defendant, Terry Nichols, was tried.


^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 347
^ See "Sentenced to Die," The News Hour with Jim Lehrer, Online NewsHour, PBS, June 13, 1997. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Serrano, Richard A. (August 15, 1997). "McVeigh Speaks Out, Receives Death Sentence". latimes.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ "Timothy James McVeigh." Federal Bureau of Prisons. Retrieved May 19, 2010.
^ Williams, Dave (April 5, 2001). "Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution". CNN. Archived from the original on October 10, 2009. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (April 19, 2001). "The execution will not be webcast". Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 360-361
^ a b Borger, Julian (June 11, 2001). "McVeigh faces day of reckoning". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ McVeigh, Tracey (May 9, 2001). "Dead man talking". The Guardian. London. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (19 April 2001). The execution will not be webcast. Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Huppke, Rex W. "EXECUTION: Terre Haute, Ind. dreads execution of Timothy McVeigh." Associated Press at the Southeast Missourian. Friday April 6, 2001. 2A (continued from 1A). Retrieved from Google News (2/16) on October 14, 2010. "The planning for this day began when McVeigh was moved to the U.S. Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana along with the 19 other federal death row inmates in 1999[...]"
^ a b "Bush calls McVeigh execution delay necessary". CNN. May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 14, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Federal Execution date set for Timothy James McVeigh Archived 2010-05-27 at the Wayback Machine.." Federal Bureau of Prisons. January 16, 2001. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
^ Borger, Julian (March 30, 2001). "McVeigh brushes aside deaths". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "index". Lastmealsproject.com. Archived from the original on 2014-08-21. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ Quayle, Catherine (June 11, 2001). "Execution of an American Terrorist". Court TV. 
^ Cosby, Rita (June 12, 2001). "Timothy McVeigh Put to Death for Oklahoma City Bombings". FOX News. Retrieved April 15, 2008. 
^ Ottley, Ted (June 7, 2001). "Pre-Execution News: McVeigh's Stay Request Denied". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Gottman, Andrew J (Spring 1999). "Fair notice, even for terrorists: Timothy McVeigh and a new standard for the ex post facto clause". Washington and Lee Law Review. Archived from the original on 2009-10-01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Bill Summary & Status, 105th Congress (1997–98), S.923". Library of Congress. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ "Hearing on S. 923 and H.R. 2040, to deny burial in a federally funded cemetery and other benefits to veterans convicted of certain capital crimes". U.S. House of Representatives. July 9, 1997. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 288
^ a b Profile of Timothy McVeigh, Archived 2006-02-09 at the Wayback Machine. CNN, March 29, 2001. Retrieved February 22, 2015
^ a b Patrick Cole, "A Look Back in TIME: Interview with Timothy McVeigh", March 30, 1996. Retrieved October 19, 2010. Archived March 29, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ McFadden, Robert D. (April 23, 1995). "Terror in Oklahoma: The Suspect; One Man's Complex Path to Extremism". The New York Times. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "Fellow inmate counsels McVeigh". USA Today. Associated Press. June 20, 2001. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "The McVeigh Tapes" Rachel Maddow Show, aired April 19, 2010, pt. 1 at 2 min. 40 sec.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 142-143
^ Julian Borger,"McVeigh faces day of reckoning: Special report: Timothy McVeigh,", The Guardian Online, June 11, 2001. Retrieved October 19, 2010.
^ Catholicity.com
^ Beliefnet.com
^ Indcatholicnews
^ Toledoblade
^ McVeigh took last rites before execution Edition.cnn, CNN, April 10, 2001. Retrieved 7 October 2015.
^ culteducation.com
^ See "McVeigh Remorseless About Bombing," newswire release, Associated Press, March 29, 2001.
^ "Timothy McVeigh in Waco". UMKC.edu. Retrieved August 14, 2012. 
^ Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh.
^ McVeigh, Timothy J. (June 1998). "An Essay on Hypocrisy". Media Bypass magazine. 
^ "McVeigh's Apr. 26 Letter to Fox News". Fox News. April 26, 2001. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 304
^ "Terry Nichols Sentenced to Life With No Hope of Parole - The Tech". tech.mit.edu. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Neiwert, David. "The mystery of John Doe No. 2". Salon. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Achenbach, Joel (1995-06-11). "DEAD ENDS". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "Oklahoma City bomber Terry Nichols says in prison letters he is not a terrorist". MLive.com. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Isikoff, Michael (2012-04-18). "Oklahoma City Bombing's Unanswered Questions in New Book". The Daily Beast. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "The Complicated Defense of Timothy McVeigh". Mother Jones. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "FBI | Cover Story". stories.fbi.gov. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 


Further reading[edit]

Jones, Stephen and Peter Israel. Others Unknown: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing Conspiracy, 2nd ed. New York: PublicAffairs, 2001. ISBN 1-58648-098-7.
Madeira, Jody Lyneé. Killing McVeigh: The Death Penalty and the Myth of Closure. NYU Press, 2012. ISBN 0-81-479610-9 ISBN 978-0-814-79610-8
Michel, Lou and Dan Herbeck. American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: ReganBooks (HarperCollins), 2001. ISBN 0-06-039407-2.
Brandon M. Stickney, "All-American Monster: The Unauthorized Biography of Timothy McVeigh". Amherst, New York: Prometheus Books, 1996. ISBN 978-1-57392-088-9.
Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace: How We Got to Be So Hated, Thunder's Mouth Press/Nation Books, 2002. ISBN 1-56025-405-X.
Wright, Stuart A. Patriots, Politics, and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2007. ISBN 978-0-521-87264-5

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Timothy McVeigh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Timothy McVeigh.



"Bad Day Dawning" in "Criminals and Methods: Timothy McVeigh" at Court TV: Crime Library
Timothy McVeigh's April 27, 2001 letter to reporter Rita Cosby—Explains why he bombed the Murrah Federal Building (posted on independence.net)
Timothy McVeigh's Prison Dossier at The Smoking Gun
The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber at Court TV: Crime Library
Voices of Oklahoma interview with Stephen Jones. First person interview conducted on January 27, 2010, with Stephen Jones, lawyer for Timothy McVeigh.
Ted Kaczynski's letter to the writers of the book, American Terrorist — Critique of Timothy McVeigh by fellow inmate Unabomber
Execution of Timothy McVeigh - USA Today




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 824027
LCCN: no96020128
GND: 119517760










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Timothy_McVeigh&oldid=791575837"					
Categories: 1968 births2001 deaths20th-century American criminals21st-century executions by the United States federal government21st-century executions of American people1995 murders in the United StatesAmerican mass murderersAmerican military personnel of the Gulf WarAmerican people convicted of murderAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican conspiracy theoristsConverts to Roman Catholicism from atheism or agnosticismAmerican Roman CatholicsBombers (people)Executed mass murderersNew York RepublicansOklahoma City bombingPeople convicted of murder by the United States federal governmentPeople convicted on terrorism chargesPeople executed by the United States federal government by lethal injectionPeople from Kingman, ArizonaPeople from Lockport, New YorkPeople from Pendleton, New YorkUnited States Army soldiersAmerican victims of school bullyingExecuted people from New YorkCriminals from New YorkFar-right politics in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsTracking infobox criminal with motive parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatviešuMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 04:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Timothy McVeigh - Wikipedia






















 






Timothy McVeigh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the United States Navy sailor, see Timothy R. McVeigh.


Timothy McVeigh



FBI mugshot of McVeigh in 1995.



Born
Timothy James McVeigh
(1968-04-23)April 23, 1968
Lockport, New York, U.S.


Died
June 11, 2001(2001-06-11) (aged 33)
USP Terre Haute in Terre Haute, Indiana, U.S.


Cause of death
Execution by lethal injection


Nationality
American


Other names
Tim Tuttle[1]
Darel Bridges[2]
Robert Kling


Occupation
U.S. Army veteran, security guard


Criminal penalty
Death by lethal injection


Criminal status
Executed





Motive
Retaliation for the Waco Siege, Ruby Ridge, other government raids and general U.S. foreign policy


Conviction(s)
Use of a weapon of mass destruction
Conspiracy use of a weapon of mass destruction
Destructive use of explosives or incendiary devices
8 counts of first-degree murder of 8 federal law enforcement officers


Partner(s)
Terry Nichols
Michael Fortier


Killings


Date
April 19, 1995
9:02 a.m. (CDT)


Location(s)
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.


Target(s)
Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, housing Federal government


Killed
168


Injured
680+


Weapon
Ammonium nitrate and nitromethane fertilizer truck bomb





Timothy James McVeigh (April 23, 1968 – June 11, 2001) was an American domestic terrorist convicted[3] and executed[4] for the detonation of an ammonium nitrate fertilizer and nitromethane truck bomb in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995.[5] Commonly referred to as the Oklahoma City bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600.[6] According to the United States government, it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the United States prior to the September 11 attacks, and remains the most significant act of domestic terrorism in United States history.
McVeigh, a Gulf War veteran, sought revenge against the federal government for its handling of the 1993 Waco siege, which ended in the deaths of 76 people exactly two years before the bombing, as well as for the 1992 Ruby Ridge incident. McVeigh hoped to inspire a revolt against the federal government. He was convicted of eleven federal offenses and sentenced to death. His execution was carried out in a considerably shorter amount of time than average after his trial, as most convicts on death row in the United States spend an average of fifteen years awaiting execution. Four years after his conviction, McVeigh was executed by lethal injection on June 11, 2001, at the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana. Terry Nichols and Michael Fortier were also convicted as conspirators in the plot. Nichols was sentenced to 161 life terms without parole. Fortier was sentenced to 12 years and has since been released.



Contents


1 Childhood
2 Military life
3 Post-military life

3.1 1993 Waco siege and gun shows


4 Arizona with Fortier
5 With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices
6 Plan against federal building or individuals
7 Oklahoma City bombing
8 Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing
9 Incarceration and execution
10 Associations
11 Religious beliefs
12 Motivations for the bombing
13 Accomplices
14 See also
15 References
16 Further reading
17 External links



Childhood[edit]
McVeigh was born in Lockport, New York, the only son and the second of three children of Mildred "Mickey" Noreen (née Hill) and William McVeigh.[1] His Irish American[7] parents divorced when he was ten years old, and he was raised by his father in Pendleton, New York.[1][8]
McVeigh claimed to have been a target of bullying at school, and he took refuge in a fantasy world where he imagined retaliating against the bullies.[9] At the end of his life, he stated his belief that the United States government is the ultimate bully.[10] Most who knew McVeigh remember him as being very shy and withdrawn, while a few described him as an outgoing and playful child who withdrew as an adolescent. McVeigh is said to have had only one girlfriend during his adolescence; he later stated to journalists that he did not have any idea how to impress girls.[11]
While in high school, McVeigh became interested in computers and hacked into government computer systems on his Commodore 64 under the handle "The Wanderer", borrowed from the song by Dion DiMucci. In his senior year, McVeigh was named Starpoint Central High School's "most promising computer programmer,"[12] but he maintained relatively poor grades until his 1986 graduation.[1]
McVeigh was introduced to firearms by his grandfather. He told people he wanted to be a gun shop owner and sometimes took firearms to school to impress his classmates. McVeigh became intensely interested in gun rights, as well as the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, after he graduated from high school, and read magazines such as Soldier of Fortune. He briefly attended Bryant & Stratton College before dropping out.[13][14]
Military life[edit]
In May 1988, at the age of 20, McVeigh graduated from the U.S. Army Infantry School at Fort Benning, Georgia.[15] While in the military, McVeigh used much of his spare time to read about firearms, sniper tactics, and explosives.[16] McVeigh was reprimanded by the military for purchasing a "White Power" T-shirt at a Ku Klux Klan protest against black servicemen who wore "Black Power" T-shirts around a Military installation (primarily Army).[17]
He was a top-scoring gunner with the 25mm cannon of the Bradley Fighting Vehicles used by his 1st Infantry Division.[18] He was stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, before being deployed on Operation Desert Storm.
Speaking of his experience in Kuwait in an interview before his execution, documented in McVeigh's authorized biography American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh & the Tragedy at Oklahoma City, he stated he decapitated an Iraqi soldier with cannon fire on his first day in the war and celebrated. He said he later was shocked to be ordered to execute surrendering prisoners and to see carnage on the road leaving Kuwait City after U.S. troops routed the Iraqi army. McVeigh received several service awards, including the Bronze Star Medal,[1] National Defense Service Medal,[19] Southwest Asia Service Medal,[20] Army Service Ribbon,[20] and the Kuwaiti Liberation Medal.[19]
McVeigh aspired to join the United States Army Special Forces (SF). After returning from the Gulf War, he entered the selection program. However, he washed out on the second day of the 21-day assessment and selection course for the Special Forces. McVeigh decided to leave the Army and was honorably discharged in 1991.[21]
Post-military life[edit]
After leaving the United States Army in 1992, McVeigh grew increasingly transient. At first he worked briefly near his hometown of Pendleton as a security guard for Pinkerton Government Services at Calspan in Cheektowaga, where he spoke daily to his co-worker Carl Lebron, Jr. about his loathing for government. Deciding the Buffalo area was too liberal, he left his job and began driving around the country, seeking out his old friends from the Army.[22]
McVeigh wrote letters to local newspapers complaining about taxes:

Taxes are a joke. Regardless of what a political candidate "promises," they will increase. More taxes are always the answer to government mismanagement. They mess up. We suffer. Taxes are reaching cataclysmic levels, with no slowdown in sight. [...] Is a Civil War Imminent? Do we have to shed blood to reform the current system? I hope it doesn't come to that. But it might.[23]

McVeigh also wrote to Representative John J. LaFalce ((D) New York),[24] complaining about the arrest of a woman for carrying mace:

It is a lie if we tell ourselves that the police can protect us everywhere at all times. Firearms restrictions are bad enough, but now a woman can't even carry Mace in her purse?[24]

While visiting friends in Decker, Michigan, McVeigh reportedly complained that the Army had implanted a microchip into his buttocks so that the government could keep track of him.[1] McVeigh worked long hours in a dead-end job and felt that he did not have a home. He sought romance, but his advances were rejected by a co-worker and he felt nervous around women. He believed that he brought too much pain to his loved ones.[25] He grew angry and frustrated at his difficulties in finding a girlfriend and he took up obsessive gambling.[26] Unable to pay back gambling debts, he took a cash advance and then defaulted on his repayments. He then began looking for a state without heavy government regulation or high taxes. He became enraged when the government told him that he had been overpaid $1,058 while in the Army and he had to pay back the money. He wrote an angry letter to the government inviting them to:

Go ahead, take everything I own; take my dignity. Feel good as you grow fat and rich at my expense; sucking my tax dollars and property.[27]

McVeigh introduced his sister to anti-government literature, but his father had little interest in these views. He moved out of his father's house and into an apartment that had no telephone, which had the advantage of making it impossible for his employer to contact him for overtime assignments. He also quit the NRA, viewing its stance on gun rights as too weak.[28]
1993 Waco siege and gun shows[edit]
In 1993, he drove to Waco, Texas during the Waco siege to show his support. At the scene, he distributed pro-gun rights literature and bumper stickers, such as "When guns are outlawed, I will become an outlaw." He told a student reporter:

The government is afraid of the guns people have because they have to have control of the people at all times. Once you take away the guns, you can do anything to the people. You give them an inch and they take a mile. I believe we are slowly turning into a socialist government. The government is continually growing bigger and more powerful, and the people need to prepare to defend themselves against government control.[29][30]

For the five months following the Waco siege, McVeigh worked at gun shows and handed out free cards printed up with Lon Horiuchi's name and address, "in the hope that somebody in the Patriot movement would assassinate the sharpshooter." (Horiuchi is an FBI sniper and some of his official actions have drawn controversy, specifically his shooting and killing of Randy Weaver's wife while she held an infant child.) He wrote hate mail to the sniper, suggesting that "what goes around, comes around". McVeigh later considered putting aside his plan to target the Murrah Building to target Horiuchi or a member of his family instead.[31]
McVeigh became a fixture on the gun show circuit, traveling to forty states and visiting about eighty gun shows. McVeigh found that the further west he went, the more anti-government sentiment he encountered, at least until he got to what he called "The People's Socialist Republic of California."[32] McVeigh sold survival items and copies of The Turner Diaries. One author said:

In the gun show culture, McVeigh found a home. Though he remained skeptical of some of the most extreme ideas being bandied around, he liked talking to people there about the United Nations, the federal government and possible threats to American liberty.[33]

Arizona with Fortier[edit]
McVeigh had a road atlas with hand-drawn designations of the most likely places for nuclear attacks and considered buying property in Seligman, Arizona, which he determined to be in a "nuclear-free zone." McVeigh lived with Michael Fortier in Kingman, Arizona, and they became so close that he served as best man at Fortier's wedding. McVeigh experimented with cannabis and methamphetamine after first researching their effects in an encyclopedia.[34] However, he was never as interested in drugs as Fortier was. One of the reasons they parted ways was McVeigh's boredom with Fortier's drug habits.[35]
With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices[edit]
In April 1993, McVeigh headed for a farm in Michigan where Terry Nichols lived. In between watching coverage of the Waco siege on TV, Nichols and his brother began teaching McVeigh how to make explosives out of readily available materials; specifically, they combined household chemicals in plastic jugs. The destruction of the Waco compound enraged McVeigh and convinced him that it was time to take action. The government's use of CS gas on women and children angered McVeigh; he had been exposed to the gas as part of his military training and was familiar with its effects. The disappearance of certain evidence,[36] such as the bullet-riddled steel-reinforced front door to the complex, led him to suspect a cover-up.
McVeigh's anti-government rhetoric became more radical. He began to sell Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) hats riddled with bullet holes and a flare gun, which, he said, could shoot down an "ATF helicopter".[3][37] He produced videos detailing the government's actions at Waco and handed out pamphlets with titles like "U.S. Government Initiates Open Warfare Against American People" and "Waco Shootout Evokes Memory of Warsaw '43." He began changing his answering machine greeting every couple of weeks to various quotes by Patrick Henry such as "Give me liberty or give me death."[38] He began experimenting with pipe bombs and other small explosive devices. The government also imposed new firearms restrictions in 1994 that McVeigh believed threatened his livelihood.[35]
McVeigh dissociated himself from his boyhood friend Steve Hodge by sending him a 23-page farewell letter. He proclaimed his devotion to the United States Declaration of Independence, explaining in detail what each sentence meant to him. McVeigh declared that:

Those who betray or subvert the Constitution are guilty of sedition and/or treason, are domestic enemies and should and will be punished accordingly.
It also stands to reason that anyone who sympathizes with the enemy or gives aid or comfort to said enemy is likewise guilty. I have sworn to uphold and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic and I will. And I will because not only did I swear to, but I believe in what it stands for in every bit of my heart, soul and being. I know in my heart that I am right in my struggle, Steve. I have come to peace with myself, my God and my cause. Blood will flow in the streets, Steve. Good vs. Evil. Free Men vs. Socialist Wannabe Slaves. Pray it is not your blood, my friend.

McVeigh felt the need to personally reconnoiter sites of rumored conspiracies. He visited Area 51 in order to defy government restrictions on photography and went to Gulfport, Mississippi to determine the veracity of rumors about United Nations operations. These turned out to be false; the Russian vehicles on the site were being configured for use in U.N.-sponsored humanitarian aid efforts. Around this time, McVeigh and Nichols also began making bulk purchases of ammonium nitrate, an agricultural fertilizer, for resale to survivalists, since rumors were circulating that the government was preparing to ban it.[39]
Plan against federal building or individuals[edit]
McVeigh told Fortier of his plans to blow up a federal building, but Fortier declined to participate. Fortier also told his wife about the plans.[40] McVeigh composed two letters to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, the first titled "Constitutional Defenders" and the second "ATF Read." He denounced government officials as "fascist tyrants" and "storm troopers" and warned:

ATF, all you tyrannical people will swing in the wind one day for your treasonous actions against the Constitution of the United States. Remember the Nuremberg War Trials.[2]

McVeigh also wrote a letter of recruitment to a customer named Steve Colbern:

A man with nothing left to lose is a very dangerous man and his energy/anger can be focused toward a common/righteous goal. What I'm asking you to do, then, is sit back and be honest with yourself. Do you have kids/wife? Would you back out at the last minute to care for the family? Are you interested in keeping your firearms for their current/future monetary value, or would you drag that '06 through rock, swamp and cactus... to get off the needed shot? In short, I'm not looking for talkers, I'm looking for fighters... And if you are a fed, think twice. Think twice about the Constitution you are supposedly enforcing (isn't "enforcing freedom" an oxymoron?) and think twice about catching us with our guard down – you will lose just like Degan did – and your family will lose.[41]

McVeigh began announcing that he had progressed from the "propaganda" phase to the "action" phase. He wrote to his Michigan friend Gwenda Strider, "I have certain other 'militant' talents that are in short supply and greatly demanded."[42]
McVeigh later said he considered "a campaign of individual assassination," with "eligible" targets including Attorney-General Janet Reno, Judge Walter S. Smith Jr. of Federal District Court, who handled the Branch Davidian trial, and Lon Horiuchi, a member of the FBI hostage-rescue team who shot and killed Vicki Weaver in a standoff at a remote cabin at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, in 1992.[43] He said he wanted Reno to accept "full responsibility in deed, not just words."[44] Such an assassination seemed too difficult,[45] and he decided that since federal agents had become soldiers, it was necessary to strike against them at their command centers.[46] According to McVeigh's authorized biography, he ultimately decided that he would make the loudest statement by bombing a federal building. After the bombing, he was ambivalent about his act; as he expressed in letters to his hometown newspaper, he sometimes wished he had carried out a series of assassinations against police and government officials instead.[47]
Oklahoma City bombing[edit]
Main article: Oklahoma City bombing




The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


Working at a lakeside campground near McVeigh's old Army post, he and Nichols constructed an ANNM explosive device mounted in the back of a rented Ryder truck. The bomb consisted of about 5,000 pounds (2,300 kg) of ammonium nitrate and nitromethane.
On April 19, 1995, McVeigh drove the truck to the front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building just as its offices opened for the day. Before arriving, he stopped to light a two-minute fuse. At 09:02, a large explosion destroyed the north half of the building. It killed 168 people, including nineteen children in the day care center on the second floor, and injured 684 others.[48]
McVeigh said that he had no knowledge that the federal offices also ran a daycare center on the second floor of the building, and that he might have chosen a different target if he had known about it.[49][50] Nichols disputed this, saying that he and McVeigh knew there was a daycare center in the building and that they did not care.[51][52]
McVeigh's biographers, Lou Michel and Dan Herbeck, quote McVeigh, with whom they spoke for 75 hours, on his attitude to the victims:

To these people in Oklahoma who have lost a loved one, I'm sorry but it happens every day. You're not the first mother to lose a kid, or the first grandparent to lose a grandson or a granddaughter. It happens every day, somewhere in the world. I'm not going to go into that courtroom, curl into a fetal ball and cry just because the victims want me to do that.

During an interview with Ed Bradley for television news magazine 60 Minutes in 2000, Bradley asked McVeigh for his reaction to the deaths of the nineteen children. McVeigh stated:

I thought it was terrible that there were children in the building.[53]

According to the Oklahoma City Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism (MIPT), more than 300 buildings were damaged. More than 12,000 volunteers and rescue workers took part in the rescue, recovery and support operations following the bombing. In reference to theories that he had assistance from others, McVeigh quoted a well known line from the film A Few Good Men, "You can't handle the truth!" and added "Because the truth is, I blew up the Murrah Building and isn't it kind of scary that one man could wreak this kind of hell?"[54]
Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing[edit]




FBI forensic sketch of McVeigh, and his FBI mugshot


By tracing the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) of a rear axle found in the wreckage, the FBI identified the vehicle as a Ryder Rental box truck rented from Junction City, Kansas. Workers at the agency assisted an FBI artist in creating a sketch of the renter, who had used the alias "Robert Kling". The sketch was shown in the area. Lea McGown, manager of the local Dreamland Motel, identified the sketch as Timothy McVeigh.[55][56]
Shortly after the bombing, while driving on I-35 in Noble County, near Perry, Oklahoma, McVeigh was stopped by Oklahoma State Trooper Charles J. Hanger.[57] Hanger had passed McVeigh's yellow 1977 Mercury Marquis and noticed that it had no license plate. McVeigh admitted to the police officer (who noticed a bulge under his jacket) that he had a gun and McVeigh was subsequently arrested for having driven without plates and illegal firearm possession; McVeigh's concealed weapon permit was not legal in Oklahoma. McVeigh was wearing a T-shirt at that time with a picture of Abraham Lincoln and the motto: sic semper tyrannis ('Thus always to tyrants'), the supposed words shouted by John Wilkes Booth after he shot Lincoln.[58] On the back, it had a tree with a picture of three blood droplets and the Thomas Jefferson quote, "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."[59] Three days later, while still in jail, McVeigh was identified as the subject of the nationwide manhunt.




McVeigh about to be led out of a Perry, Oklahoma, courthouse two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


On August 10, 1995, McVeigh was indicted on eleven federal counts, including conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, use of a weapon of mass destruction, destruction with the use of explosives and eight counts of first-degree murder.[60]
On February 20, 1996, the Court granted a change of venue and ordered that the case be transferred from Oklahoma City to the U.S. District Court in Denver, Colorado, to be presided over by U.S. District Judge Richard Paul Matsch.[61]
McVeigh instructed his lawyers to use a necessity defense, but they ended up not doing so,[62] because they would have had to prove that McVeigh was in "imminent danger" from the government. (McVeigh himself argued that "imminent" did not necessarily mean "immediate.") They would have argued that his bombing of the Murrah building was a justifiable response to what McVeigh believed were the crimes of the U.S. government at Waco, Texas, where the 51-day siege of the Branch Davidian complex resulted in the deaths of 76 Branch Davidians.[63] As part of the defense, McVeigh's lawyers showed the jury the controversial video Waco, the Big Lie.[64]
On June 2, 1997, McVeigh was found guilty on all eleven counts of the federal indictment.[65] After the verdict, McVeigh tried to calm his mother by saying, "Think of it this way. When I was in the Army, you didn't see me for years. Think of me that way now, like I'm away in the Army again, on an assignment for the military."[66]
On June 13, 1997, the jury recommended that McVeigh receive the death penalty.[67] The U.S. Department of Justice brought federal charges against McVeigh for causing the deaths of eight federal officers leading to a possible death penalty for McVeigh; they could not bring charges against McVeigh for the remaining 160 murders in federal court because those deaths fell under the jurisdiction of the State of Oklahoma. Because McVeigh was convicted and sentenced to death, the State of Oklahoma did not file murder charges against McVeigh for the other 160 deaths.[68] Before the sentence was formally pronounced by Judge Matsch, McVeigh addressed the court for the first time and said:

If the Court please, I wish to use the words of Justice Brandeis dissenting in Olmstead to speak for me. He wrote, 'Our Government is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or for ill, it teaches the whole people by its example.' That's all I have.[69]

Incarceration and execution[edit]




Florence ADMAX USP, where McVeigh was incarcerated


While imprisoned, McVeigh had the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) register number 12076-064.[70] McVeigh's death sentence was delayed pending an appeal. One of his appeals for certiorari, taken to the Supreme Court of the United States, was denied on March 8, 1999. McVeigh's request for a nationally televised execution was also denied. An Internet company also unsuccessfully sued for the right to broadcast it.[71][72] At ADX Florence, McVeigh and Nichols were housed in "Bomber's Row", the same cell block as Ted Kaczynski, Luis Felipe and Ramzi Yousef. Yousef made frequent, unsuccessful attempts to convert McVeigh to Islam.[73]
McVeigh said:

I am sorry these people had to lose their lives, but that's the nature of the beast. It's understood going in what the human toll will be.[74]

He said that if there turned out to be an afterlife, he would "improvise, adapt and overcome",[74] noting:

If there is a hell, then I'll be in good company with a lot of fighter pilots who also had to bomb innocents to win the war.[75]

He also said:

I knew I wanted this before it happened. I knew my objective was state-assisted suicide and when it happens, it's in your face. You just did something you're trying to say should be illegal for medical personnel.[76]





United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the site of the federal death row for men and the federal execution chamber






Death Certificate of Timothy McVeigh


The BOP transferred McVeigh from ADX Florence to the federal death row at United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana in 1999.[77]
McVeigh dropped his remaining appeals, saying that he would rather die than spend the rest of his life in prison.[78] On January 16, 2001 the Federal Bureau of Prisons set May 16, 2001 as McVeigh's execution date.[79] McVeigh stated that his only regret was not completely leveling the federal building.[80] Six days prior to his scheduled execution, the FBI turned over thousands of documents of evidence it had previously withheld to McVeigh's attorneys. As a result, U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft announced McVeigh's execution would be stayed for one month.[78]
The execution date was reset for June 11, 2001. McVeigh invited California conductor/composer David Woodard to perform pre-requiem Mass music on the eve of his execution. He requested a Catholic chaplain. He requested two pints of mint chocolate chip ice cream for his last meal.[81]
McVeigh chose William Ernest Henley's poem "Invictus" as his final statement.[82][83] Just before the execution, when he was asked if he had a final statement, he declined. Jay Sawyer, a relative of one of the victims, wrote, "Without saying a word, he got the final word." Larry Whicher, whose brother died in the attack, described McVeigh as having "a totally expressionless, blank stare. He had a look of defiance and that if he could, he'd do it all over again."[84]
McVeigh was executed by lethal injection at 7:14 a.m. on June 11, 2001, at the U.S. Federal Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the first federal prisoner to be executed by the United States federal government since Victor Feguer was executed in Iowa on March 15, 1963.
On November 21, 1997, President Bill Clinton had signed S. 923, special legislation introduced by Senator Arlen Specter to bar McVeigh and other veterans convicted of capital crimes from being buried in any military cemetery.[85][86][87] His body was cremated at Mattox Ryan Funeral Home in Terre Haute. His ashes were given to his lawyer, who "said that the final destination of McVeigh's remains would remain privileged forever." McVeigh had written that he considered having them dropped at the site of the memorial where the building once stood, but decided that would be "too vengeful, too raw, too cold."[4] He had expressed willingness to donate organs, but was prohibited from doing so by prison regulations.[47]
Psychiatrist John Smith concluded that McVeigh was "a decent person who had allowed rage to build up inside him to the point that he had lashed out in one terrible, violent act."[11] McVeigh's IQ was assessed at 126.[88]
Associations[edit]
According to CNN, his only known associations were as a registered Republican while in Buffalo, New York in the 1980s, and a membership in the National Rifle Association while in the Army, and there is no evidence that he ever belonged to any extremist groups.[89]
Religious beliefs[edit]
McVeigh was raised Roman Catholic.[90] During his childhood, he and his father attended Mass regularly.[91] McVeigh was confirmed at the Good Shepherd Church in Pendleton, New York, in 1985.[92] In a 1996 interview, McVeigh professed belief in "a God", although he said he had "sort of lost touch with" Catholicism and "I never really picked it up, however I do maintain core beliefs."[90] In McVeigh's biography American Terrorist, released in 2002, he stated that he did not believe in a hell and that science is his religion.[93][94] In June 2001, a day before the execution, McVeigh wrote a letter to the Buffalo News identifying himself as agnostic. However, he took the Last Rites, administered by a priest, just before his execution.[95][96][97][98][99][100] Father Charles Smith ministered to McVeigh in his last moments in death row.[101]
Motivations for the bombing[edit]


"Why? McVeigh told us at eloquent length, but our rulers and their media preferred to depict him as a sadistic, crazed monster ... who had done it for the kicks".

—Gore Vidal, 2002[50]
McVeigh claimed that the bombing was revenge against the government for the sieges at Waco, Texas and Ruby Ridge.[102] McVeigh visited Waco during the standoff. While there, he was interviewed by student reporter Michelle Rauch, a senior journalism major at Southern Methodist University who was writing for the school paper. McVeigh expressed his objections over what was happening there.[89] [103]
McVeigh frequently quoted and alluded to the white supremacist novel The Turner Diaries; he claimed to appreciate its interest in firearms. Photocopies of pages sixty-one and sixty-two of The Turner Diaries were found in an envelope inside McVeigh's car. These pages depicted a fictitious mortar attack upon the U.S. Capitol in Washington.[104]
In a 1,200-word essay[105] dated March 1998, from the federal maximum-security prison at Florence, Colorado, McVeigh claimed that the terrorist bombing was "morally equivalent" to U.S. military actions against Iraq and other foreign countries. The handwritten essay, submitted to and published by the alternative national news magazine Media Bypass, was distributed worldwide by The Associated Press on May 29, 1998. This was written in the midst of the 1998 Iraq disarmament crisis and a few months before Operation Desert Fox.

The administration has said that Iraq has no right to stockpile chemical or biological weapons ("weapons of mass destruction") — mainly because they have used them in the past.
Well, if that's the standard by which these matters are decided, then the U.S. is the nation that set the precedent. The U.S. has stockpiled these same weapons (and more) for over 40 years. The U.S. claims this was done for deterrent purposes during its "Cold War" with the Soviet Union. Why, then, it is invalid for Iraq to claim the same reason (deterrence) with respect to Iraq's (real) war with, and the continued threat of, its neighbor Iran?
The administration claims that Iraq has used these weapons in the past. We've all seen the pictures that show a Kurdish woman and child frozen in death from the use of chemical weapons. But, have you ever seen those pictures juxtaposed next to pictures from Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
I suggest that one study the histories of World War I, World War II and other "regional conflicts" that the U.S. has been involved in to familiarize themselves with the use of "weapons of mass destruction."
Remember Dresden? How about Hanoi? Tripoli? Baghdad? What about the big ones — Hiroshima and Nagasaki? (At these two locations, the U.S. killed at least 150,000 non-combatants — mostly women and children — in the blink of an eye. Thousands more took hours, days, weeks or months to die).
If Saddam is such a demon, and people are calling for war crimes charges and trials against him and his nation, why do we not hear the same cry for blood directed at those responsible for even greater amounts of "mass destruction" — like those responsible and involved in dropping bombs on the cities mentioned above?
The truth is, the U.S. has set the standard when it comes to the stockpiling and use of weapons of mass destruction.

The essay, which marked the first time that McVeigh publicly discussed the Oklahoma City bombing, continued:

Hypocrisy when it comes to the death of children? In Oklahoma City, it was family convenience that explained the presence of a day-care center placed between street level and the law enforcement agencies which occupied the upper floors of the building. Yet, when discussion shifts to Iraq, any day-care center in a government building instantly becomes "a shield." Think about it.
When considering morality and "mens rea" [criminal intent], in light of these facts, I ask: Who are the true barbarians? ...
I find it ironic, to say the least, that one of the aircraft used to drop such a bomb on Iraq is dubbed "The Spirit of Oklahoma." This leads me to a final, and unspoken, moral hypocrisy regarding the use of weapons of mass destruction.
When a U.S. plane or cruise missile is used to bring destruction to a foreign people, this nation rewards the bombers with applause and praise. What a convenient way to absolve these killers of any responsibility for the destruction they leave in their wake.
Unfortunately, the morality of killing is not so superficial. The truth is, the use of a truck, a plane or a missile for the delivery of a weapon of mass destruction does not alter the nature of the act itself.
These are weapons of mass destruction — and the method of delivery matters little to those on the receiving end of such weapons.
Whether you wish to admit it or not, when you approve, morally, of the bombing of foreign targets by the U.S. military, you are approving of acts morally equivalent to the bombing in Oklahoma City ...

McVeigh included photocopies of a famous Vietnam War-era picture showing terrified children fleeing napalm bombs, and of nuclear devastation in Japan. He said in a preface that the essay was intended to "provoke thought — and was not written with malevolent intent."
On April 26, 2001, McVeigh wrote a letter to Fox News, I Explain Herein Why I Bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, which explicitly laid out his reasons for the attack.[106] McVeigh read Unintended Consequences and said that if it had come out a few years earlier, he would have given serious consideration to using sniper attacks in a war of attrition against the government instead of bombing a federal building.[107]
Accomplices[edit]
McVeigh's accomplice, Terry Nichols, was convicted and sentenced in federal court to life in prison for his role in the crime.[108] At Nichols' trial, evidence was presented indicating that others may have been involved.[109] Several residents of central Kansas, including real estate agent Georgia Rucker and a retired Army NCO, testified at Terry Nichols' federal trial that they had seen two trucks at Geary Lake State Park, where prosecutors alleged the bomb was assembled. The retired NCO said he visited the lake on April 18, 1995, but left after a group of surly men looked at him aggressively. The operator of the Dreamland Motel testified that two Ryder trucks had been parked outside her Grandview Plaza motel where McVeigh stayed in Room 26 the weekend before the bombing.[110] Terry Nichols is incarcerated at ADX Florence in Florence, Colorado.[111]
An ATF informant, Carol Howe, told reporters that shortly before the bombing she had warned her handlers that guests of Elohim City, Oklahoma were planning a major bombing attack.[112] McVeigh was issued a speeding ticket there at the same time.[1] Other than this speeding ticket, there is no evidence of a connection between McVeigh and members of the Midwest Bank Robbers at Elohim City.[113]
In February 2004, the FBI announced it would review its investigation after learning that agents in the investigation of the Midwest Bank Robbers (an alleged Aryan-oriented gang) had turned up explosive caps of the same type that were used to trigger the Oklahoma City bomb.[114] Agents expressed surprise that bombing investigators had not been provided information from the Midwest Bank Robbers investigation. McVeigh declined further delays and maintained until his death that he had acted alone in the bombing.
Some witnesses claimed to have seen a second suspect, and there was a search for a "John Doe #2", but none was ever found.
See also[edit]


United States portal
Biography portal
Terrorism portal



Lone wolf (terrorism)
Militia organizations in the United States

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Imitating Turner". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh: Convicted Oklahoma City Bomber". CNN. March 29, 2001. Archived from the original on March 1, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh dead". CNN. Retrieved July 30, 2015. 
^ "McVeigh biographers share 'chilling' audiotapes: Authors Michel and Herbeck reflect on McVeigh, OKC anniversary". MSNBC. April 15, 2010. Retrieved April 22, 2010. 
^ Shariat, Sheryll; Mallonee, Sue; Stephens-Stidham, Shelli (December 1998). "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Injury Prevention Service, Oklahoma State Department of Health. 
^ A Short History of Ireland - Page 341, John O'Beirne Ranelagh - 2012
^ "Ancestry of Tim McVeigh". Wargs.com. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh author Dan Herbeck quizzed". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ "Inside McVeigh's mind". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Profile: Timothy McVeigh". BBC News. May 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 31–32
^ Chase, Alston (2004). A Mind for Murder: The Education of the Unabomber and the Origins of Modern Terrorism. W. W. Norton & Company. p. 370. ISBN 0-393-32556-3. 
^ Smith, Brent L., Damhousse, Kelly R. and Roberts, Paxton, Pre-Incident Indicators of Terrorist Incidents: The Identification of Behavioral, Geographic and Temporal Patterns of Preparatory Conduct, Document No.: 214217, May 2006, p. 234, found at NCJRS Government website, Scribd website and DHS Government website. Retrieved July 22, 2009.
^ Linder, Douglas O. "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006 feb 17; cf. People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 61
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 87-88
^ Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ a b Jacobs, Sally (June 10, 1995). "The Radicalization Of Timothy McVeigh". tulsaworld.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ a b Willman, David; Ostrow, Ronald J. (April 28, 1995). "Investigators Believe Bombing Was the Work of 4 or 5 People : Terrorism: Father, son are under scrutiny. FBI says 3 witnesses can place McVeigh near blast scene. Arizona town emerges as possible base for plotters.". latimes.com. p. 4. Retrieved 18 November 2014. 
^ KIFNER, JOHN. "McVEIGH'S MIND: A special report.;Oklahoma Bombing Suspect: Unraveling of a Frayed Life". New York Times. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "Soldiers of Misfortune". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 1st letter". CNN. Archived from the original on 2008-01-19. 
^ a b Goldstein, Steve (May 3, 1995). "Mcveigh Wrote To Congressman About 'Self-defense'". philly.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 102
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 114
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 117-118
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p.111
^ Brian Morton (April 15, 2009). "The Guns of Spring". Baltimore City Paper. Times-Shamrock. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. 
^ The Guns of Spring; The Smirking Chimp; 2009
^ Martinez, J. Michael (2012). Terrorist Attacks on American Soil: From the Civil War Era to the Present. Rowman & Littlefield Publishers. p. 289. ISBN 1-442-20324-2. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 121
^ Handlin, Sam (2001) "Profile of a Mass Murderer: Who Is Timothy McVeigh? Court TV Online.
^ Thomas, Jo (November 14, 1997). "Jury Hears of McVeigh Remarks About Nichols and Bomb Making". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Tim In Transit". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Bryce, Robert (August 18, 2000). "Prying Open the Case of the Missing Door". The Austin Chronicle. 
^ Editors (2000) "Gun Shows in America." Violence Policy Center.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 136-14-
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 156-158
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 161-162
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 184-185
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 195
^ "Timothy McVeigh's Letter to Fox News". Digital-Exp.com. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh Considered Assassinating Reno, Other Officials". Kuwait News Agency. April 27, 2001. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 'wanted to kill US attorney general'". The Daily Telegraph. London. April 28, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Saulny, Susan (April 27, 2001). "McVeigh Says He Considered Killing Reno". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Ready for execution, McVeigh says he's sorry for deaths". Newsok.com. June 9, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Oklahoma State Department of Health. December 1998. 
^ See Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh:
^ a b Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace. pp. 1,81. 
^ Global Terrorism Database
^ Romano, Lois; Kenworthy, Tom (April 25, 1997). "Prosecutor Paints McVeigh As 'Twisted' U.S. Terrorist". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ "McVeigh Vents On '60 Minutes'". cbsnews.com. March 13, 2000. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Thomas, Jo (March 29, 2001). "'No Sympathy' for Dead Children, McVeigh Says". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Collins, James; Patrick E. Cole; Elaine Shannon (April 27, 1997). "Oklahoma City: The Weight Of Evidence". Time. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "License Tag Snag". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ See "Officer of the Month – October 2001: Second Lieutenant Charles J. Hanger, Oklahoma Highway Patrol," National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, copyright 2004–06. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ "The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber". Crime Library. Retrieved July 12, 2007. 
^ "'Turner Diaries' introduced in McVeigh trial". CNN. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ *Count 1 was "conspiracy to detonate a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a, culminating in the deaths of 168 people and destruction of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

Count 2 was "use of a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a (2)(a) & (b).
Count 3 was "destruction by explosives resulting in death", in violation of 18 USC § 844(f)(2)(a) & (b).
Counts 4 through 11 were first-degree murder in violation of 18 USC § 1111, 1114, & 2 and 28 CFR § 64.2(h), each count in connection to one of the eight law enforcement officers who were killed during the attack.


^ Romano, Lois (May 12, 1997). "Richard Matsch Has a Firm Grip on His Gavel in the Oklahoma City Bombing Trial". National Special Report: Oklahoma Bombing Trial. Washington Post. Retrieved April 15, 2010. 
^ "People In The News". CNN. February 7, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ Linder, Douglas O., "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ "People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row", transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ Eddy, Mark; Lane, George; Pankratz, Howard; Wilmsen, Steven "Guilty on Every Count," Denver Post Online June 3, 1997, accessed August 7, 2006:

Although 168 people, including 19 children, were killed in the April 19, 1995, bombing, murder charges were brought against McVeigh for only the eight federal agents who were on duty when the bomb destroyed much of the Murrah Building.


Along with the eight counts of murder, McVeigh was charged with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, using a weapon of mass destruction and destroying a federal building.


Oklahoma City District Attorney Bob Macy said he would file state charges in the other 160 murders after McVeigh's co-defendant, Terry Nichols, was tried.


^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 347
^ See "Sentenced to Die," The News Hour with Jim Lehrer, Online NewsHour, PBS, June 13, 1997. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Serrano, Richard A. (August 15, 1997). "McVeigh Speaks Out, Receives Death Sentence". latimes.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ "Timothy James McVeigh." Federal Bureau of Prisons. Retrieved May 19, 2010.
^ Williams, Dave (April 5, 2001). "Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution". CNN. Archived from the original on October 10, 2009. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (April 19, 2001). "The execution will not be webcast". Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 360-361
^ a b Borger, Julian (June 11, 2001). "McVeigh faces day of reckoning". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ McVeigh, Tracey (May 9, 2001). "Dead man talking". The Guardian. London. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (19 April 2001). The execution will not be webcast. Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Huppke, Rex W. "EXECUTION: Terre Haute, Ind. dreads execution of Timothy McVeigh." Associated Press at the Southeast Missourian. Friday April 6, 2001. 2A (continued from 1A). Retrieved from Google News (2/16) on October 14, 2010. "The planning for this day began when McVeigh was moved to the U.S. Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana along with the 19 other federal death row inmates in 1999[...]"
^ a b "Bush calls McVeigh execution delay necessary". CNN. May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 14, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Federal Execution date set for Timothy James McVeigh Archived 2010-05-27 at the Wayback Machine.." Federal Bureau of Prisons. January 16, 2001. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
^ Borger, Julian (March 30, 2001). "McVeigh brushes aside deaths". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "index". Lastmealsproject.com. Archived from the original on 2014-08-21. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ Quayle, Catherine (June 11, 2001). "Execution of an American Terrorist". Court TV. 
^ Cosby, Rita (June 12, 2001). "Timothy McVeigh Put to Death for Oklahoma City Bombings". FOX News. Retrieved April 15, 2008. 
^ Ottley, Ted (June 7, 2001). "Pre-Execution News: McVeigh's Stay Request Denied". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Gottman, Andrew J (Spring 1999). "Fair notice, even for terrorists: Timothy McVeigh and a new standard for the ex post facto clause". Washington and Lee Law Review. Archived from the original on 2009-10-01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Bill Summary & Status, 105th Congress (1997–98), S.923". Library of Congress. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ "Hearing on S. 923 and H.R. 2040, to deny burial in a federally funded cemetery and other benefits to veterans convicted of certain capital crimes". U.S. House of Representatives. July 9, 1997. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 288
^ a b Profile of Timothy McVeigh, Archived 2006-02-09 at the Wayback Machine. CNN, March 29, 2001. Retrieved February 22, 2015
^ a b Patrick Cole, "A Look Back in TIME: Interview with Timothy McVeigh", March 30, 1996. Retrieved October 19, 2010. Archived March 29, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ McFadden, Robert D. (April 23, 1995). "Terror in Oklahoma: The Suspect; One Man's Complex Path to Extremism". The New York Times. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "Fellow inmate counsels McVeigh". USA Today. Associated Press. June 20, 2001. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "The McVeigh Tapes" Rachel Maddow Show, aired April 19, 2010, pt. 1 at 2 min. 40 sec.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 142-143
^ Julian Borger,"McVeigh faces day of reckoning: Special report: Timothy McVeigh,", The Guardian Online, June 11, 2001. Retrieved October 19, 2010.
^ Catholicity.com
^ Beliefnet.com
^ Indcatholicnews
^ Toledoblade
^ McVeigh took last rites before execution Edition.cnn, CNN, April 10, 2001. Retrieved 7 October 2015.
^ culteducation.com
^ See "McVeigh Remorseless About Bombing," newswire release, Associated Press, March 29, 2001.
^ "Timothy McVeigh in Waco". UMKC.edu. Retrieved August 14, 2012. 
^ Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh.
^ McVeigh, Timothy J. (June 1998). "An Essay on Hypocrisy". Media Bypass magazine. 
^ "McVeigh's Apr. 26 Letter to Fox News". Fox News. April 26, 2001. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 304
^ "Terry Nichols Sentenced to Life With No Hope of Parole - The Tech". tech.mit.edu. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Neiwert, David. "The mystery of John Doe No. 2". Salon. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Achenbach, Joel (1995-06-11). "DEAD ENDS". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "Oklahoma City bomber Terry Nichols says in prison letters he is not a terrorist". MLive.com. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Isikoff, Michael (2012-04-18). "Oklahoma City Bombing's Unanswered Questions in New Book". The Daily Beast. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "The Complicated Defense of Timothy McVeigh". Mother Jones. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "FBI | Cover Story". stories.fbi.gov. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 


Further reading[edit]

Jones, Stephen and Peter Israel. Others Unknown: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing Conspiracy, 2nd ed. New York: PublicAffairs, 2001. ISBN 1-58648-098-7.
Madeira, Jody Lyneé. Killing McVeigh: The Death Penalty and the Myth of Closure. NYU Press, 2012. ISBN 0-81-479610-9 ISBN 978-0-814-79610-8
Michel, Lou and Dan Herbeck. American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: ReganBooks (HarperCollins), 2001. ISBN 0-06-039407-2.
Brandon M. Stickney, "All-American Monster: The Unauthorized Biography of Timothy McVeigh". Amherst, New York: Prometheus Books, 1996. ISBN 978-1-57392-088-9.
Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace: How We Got to Be So Hated, Thunder's Mouth Press/Nation Books, 2002. ISBN 1-56025-405-X.
Wright, Stuart A. Patriots, Politics, and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2007. ISBN 978-0-521-87264-5

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Timothy McVeigh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Timothy McVeigh.



"Bad Day Dawning" in "Criminals and Methods: Timothy McVeigh" at Court TV: Crime Library
Timothy McVeigh's April 27, 2001 letter to reporter Rita Cosby—Explains why he bombed the Murrah Federal Building (posted on independence.net)
Timothy McVeigh's Prison Dossier at The Smoking Gun
The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber at Court TV: Crime Library
Voices of Oklahoma interview with Stephen Jones. First person interview conducted on January 27, 2010, with Stephen Jones, lawyer for Timothy McVeigh.
Ted Kaczynski's letter to the writers of the book, American Terrorist — Critique of Timothy McVeigh by fellow inmate Unabomber
Execution of Timothy McVeigh - USA Today




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 824027
LCCN: no96020128
GND: 119517760










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Timothy_McVeigh&oldid=791575837"					
Categories: 1968 births2001 deaths20th-century American criminals21st-century executions by the United States federal government21st-century executions of American people1995 murders in the United StatesAmerican mass murderersAmerican military personnel of the Gulf WarAmerican people convicted of murderAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican conspiracy theoristsConverts to Roman Catholicism from atheism or agnosticismAmerican Roman CatholicsBombers (people)Executed mass murderersNew York RepublicansOklahoma City bombingPeople convicted of murder by the United States federal governmentPeople convicted on terrorism chargesPeople executed by the United States federal government by lethal injectionPeople from Kingman, ArizonaPeople from Lockport, New YorkPeople from Pendleton, New YorkUnited States Army soldiersAmerican victims of school bullyingExecuted people from New YorkCriminals from New YorkFar-right politics in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsTracking infobox criminal with motive parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatviešuMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 04:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Timothy McVeigh - Wikipedia






















 






Timothy McVeigh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the United States Navy sailor, see Timothy R. McVeigh.


Timothy McVeigh



FBI mugshot of McVeigh in 1995.



Born
Timothy James McVeigh
(1968-04-23)April 23, 1968
Lockport, New York, U.S.


Died
June 11, 2001(2001-06-11) (aged 33)
USP Terre Haute in Terre Haute, Indiana, U.S.


Cause of death
Execution by lethal injection


Nationality
American


Other names
Tim Tuttle[1]
Darel Bridges[2]
Robert Kling


Occupation
U.S. Army veteran, security guard


Criminal penalty
Death by lethal injection


Criminal status
Executed





Motive
Retaliation for the Waco Siege, Ruby Ridge, other government raids and general U.S. foreign policy


Conviction(s)
Use of a weapon of mass destruction
Conspiracy use of a weapon of mass destruction
Destructive use of explosives or incendiary devices
8 counts of first-degree murder of 8 federal law enforcement officers


Partner(s)
Terry Nichols
Michael Fortier


Killings


Date
April 19, 1995
9:02 a.m. (CDT)


Location(s)
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, U.S.


Target(s)
Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, housing Federal government


Killed
168


Injured
680+


Weapon
Ammonium nitrate and nitromethane fertilizer truck bomb





Timothy James McVeigh (April 23, 1968 – June 11, 2001) was an American domestic terrorist convicted[3] and executed[4] for the detonation of an ammonium nitrate fertilizer and nitromethane truck bomb in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995.[5] Commonly referred to as the Oklahoma City bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600.[6] According to the United States government, it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the United States prior to the September 11 attacks, and remains the most significant act of domestic terrorism in United States history.
McVeigh, a Gulf War veteran, sought revenge against the federal government for its handling of the 1993 Waco siege, which ended in the deaths of 76 people exactly two years before the bombing, as well as for the 1992 Ruby Ridge incident. McVeigh hoped to inspire a revolt against the federal government. He was convicted of eleven federal offenses and sentenced to death. His execution was carried out in a considerably shorter amount of time than average after his trial, as most convicts on death row in the United States spend an average of fifteen years awaiting execution. Four years after his conviction, McVeigh was executed by lethal injection on June 11, 2001, at the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana. Terry Nichols and Michael Fortier were also convicted as conspirators in the plot. Nichols was sentenced to 161 life terms without parole. Fortier was sentenced to 12 years and has since been released.



Contents


1 Childhood
2 Military life
3 Post-military life

3.1 1993 Waco siege and gun shows


4 Arizona with Fortier
5 With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices
6 Plan against federal building or individuals
7 Oklahoma City bombing
8 Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing
9 Incarceration and execution
10 Associations
11 Religious beliefs
12 Motivations for the bombing
13 Accomplices
14 See also
15 References
16 Further reading
17 External links



Childhood[edit]
McVeigh was born in Lockport, New York, the only son and the second of three children of Mildred "Mickey" Noreen (née Hill) and William McVeigh.[1] His Irish American[7] parents divorced when he was ten years old, and he was raised by his father in Pendleton, New York.[1][8]
McVeigh claimed to have been a target of bullying at school, and he took refuge in a fantasy world where he imagined retaliating against the bullies.[9] At the end of his life, he stated his belief that the United States government is the ultimate bully.[10] Most who knew McVeigh remember him as being very shy and withdrawn, while a few described him as an outgoing and playful child who withdrew as an adolescent. McVeigh is said to have had only one girlfriend during his adolescence; he later stated to journalists that he did not have any idea how to impress girls.[11]
While in high school, McVeigh became interested in computers and hacked into government computer systems on his Commodore 64 under the handle "The Wanderer", borrowed from the song by Dion DiMucci. In his senior year, McVeigh was named Starpoint Central High School's "most promising computer programmer,"[12] but he maintained relatively poor grades until his 1986 graduation.[1]
McVeigh was introduced to firearms by his grandfather. He told people he wanted to be a gun shop owner and sometimes took firearms to school to impress his classmates. McVeigh became intensely interested in gun rights, as well as the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, after he graduated from high school, and read magazines such as Soldier of Fortune. He briefly attended Bryant & Stratton College before dropping out.[13][14]
Military life[edit]
In May 1988, at the age of 20, McVeigh graduated from the U.S. Army Infantry School at Fort Benning, Georgia.[15] While in the military, McVeigh used much of his spare time to read about firearms, sniper tactics, and explosives.[16] McVeigh was reprimanded by the military for purchasing a "White Power" T-shirt at a Ku Klux Klan protest against black servicemen who wore "Black Power" T-shirts around a Military installation (primarily Army).[17]
He was a top-scoring gunner with the 25mm cannon of the Bradley Fighting Vehicles used by his 1st Infantry Division.[18] He was stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, before being deployed on Operation Desert Storm.
Speaking of his experience in Kuwait in an interview before his execution, documented in McVeigh's authorized biography American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh & the Tragedy at Oklahoma City, he stated he decapitated an Iraqi soldier with cannon fire on his first day in the war and celebrated. He said he later was shocked to be ordered to execute surrendering prisoners and to see carnage on the road leaving Kuwait City after U.S. troops routed the Iraqi army. McVeigh received several service awards, including the Bronze Star Medal,[1] National Defense Service Medal,[19] Southwest Asia Service Medal,[20] Army Service Ribbon,[20] and the Kuwaiti Liberation Medal.[19]
McVeigh aspired to join the United States Army Special Forces (SF). After returning from the Gulf War, he entered the selection program. However, he washed out on the second day of the 21-day assessment and selection course for the Special Forces. McVeigh decided to leave the Army and was honorably discharged in 1991.[21]
Post-military life[edit]
After leaving the United States Army in 1992, McVeigh grew increasingly transient. At first he worked briefly near his hometown of Pendleton as a security guard for Pinkerton Government Services at Calspan in Cheektowaga, where he spoke daily to his co-worker Carl Lebron, Jr. about his loathing for government. Deciding the Buffalo area was too liberal, he left his job and began driving around the country, seeking out his old friends from the Army.[22]
McVeigh wrote letters to local newspapers complaining about taxes:

Taxes are a joke. Regardless of what a political candidate "promises," they will increase. More taxes are always the answer to government mismanagement. They mess up. We suffer. Taxes are reaching cataclysmic levels, with no slowdown in sight. [...] Is a Civil War Imminent? Do we have to shed blood to reform the current system? I hope it doesn't come to that. But it might.[23]

McVeigh also wrote to Representative John J. LaFalce ((D) New York),[24] complaining about the arrest of a woman for carrying mace:

It is a lie if we tell ourselves that the police can protect us everywhere at all times. Firearms restrictions are bad enough, but now a woman can't even carry Mace in her purse?[24]

While visiting friends in Decker, Michigan, McVeigh reportedly complained that the Army had implanted a microchip into his buttocks so that the government could keep track of him.[1] McVeigh worked long hours in a dead-end job and felt that he did not have a home. He sought romance, but his advances were rejected by a co-worker and he felt nervous around women. He believed that he brought too much pain to his loved ones.[25] He grew angry and frustrated at his difficulties in finding a girlfriend and he took up obsessive gambling.[26] Unable to pay back gambling debts, he took a cash advance and then defaulted on his repayments. He then began looking for a state without heavy government regulation or high taxes. He became enraged when the government told him that he had been overpaid $1,058 while in the Army and he had to pay back the money. He wrote an angry letter to the government inviting them to:

Go ahead, take everything I own; take my dignity. Feel good as you grow fat and rich at my expense; sucking my tax dollars and property.[27]

McVeigh introduced his sister to anti-government literature, but his father had little interest in these views. He moved out of his father's house and into an apartment that had no telephone, which had the advantage of making it impossible for his employer to contact him for overtime assignments. He also quit the NRA, viewing its stance on gun rights as too weak.[28]
1993 Waco siege and gun shows[edit]
In 1993, he drove to Waco, Texas during the Waco siege to show his support. At the scene, he distributed pro-gun rights literature and bumper stickers, such as "When guns are outlawed, I will become an outlaw." He told a student reporter:

The government is afraid of the guns people have because they have to have control of the people at all times. Once you take away the guns, you can do anything to the people. You give them an inch and they take a mile. I believe we are slowly turning into a socialist government. The government is continually growing bigger and more powerful, and the people need to prepare to defend themselves against government control.[29][30]

For the five months following the Waco siege, McVeigh worked at gun shows and handed out free cards printed up with Lon Horiuchi's name and address, "in the hope that somebody in the Patriot movement would assassinate the sharpshooter." (Horiuchi is an FBI sniper and some of his official actions have drawn controversy, specifically his shooting and killing of Randy Weaver's wife while she held an infant child.) He wrote hate mail to the sniper, suggesting that "what goes around, comes around". McVeigh later considered putting aside his plan to target the Murrah Building to target Horiuchi or a member of his family instead.[31]
McVeigh became a fixture on the gun show circuit, traveling to forty states and visiting about eighty gun shows. McVeigh found that the further west he went, the more anti-government sentiment he encountered, at least until he got to what he called "The People's Socialist Republic of California."[32] McVeigh sold survival items and copies of The Turner Diaries. One author said:

In the gun show culture, McVeigh found a home. Though he remained skeptical of some of the most extreme ideas being bandied around, he liked talking to people there about the United Nations, the federal government and possible threats to American liberty.[33]

Arizona with Fortier[edit]
McVeigh had a road atlas with hand-drawn designations of the most likely places for nuclear attacks and considered buying property in Seligman, Arizona, which he determined to be in a "nuclear-free zone." McVeigh lived with Michael Fortier in Kingman, Arizona, and they became so close that he served as best man at Fortier's wedding. McVeigh experimented with cannabis and methamphetamine after first researching their effects in an encyclopedia.[34] However, he was never as interested in drugs as Fortier was. One of the reasons they parted ways was McVeigh's boredom with Fortier's drug habits.[35]
With Nichols, Waco siege, radicalization and first explosive devices[edit]
In April 1993, McVeigh headed for a farm in Michigan where Terry Nichols lived. In between watching coverage of the Waco siege on TV, Nichols and his brother began teaching McVeigh how to make explosives out of readily available materials; specifically, they combined household chemicals in plastic jugs. The destruction of the Waco compound enraged McVeigh and convinced him that it was time to take action. The government's use of CS gas on women and children angered McVeigh; he had been exposed to the gas as part of his military training and was familiar with its effects. The disappearance of certain evidence,[36] such as the bullet-riddled steel-reinforced front door to the complex, led him to suspect a cover-up.
McVeigh's anti-government rhetoric became more radical. He began to sell Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) hats riddled with bullet holes and a flare gun, which, he said, could shoot down an "ATF helicopter".[3][37] He produced videos detailing the government's actions at Waco and handed out pamphlets with titles like "U.S. Government Initiates Open Warfare Against American People" and "Waco Shootout Evokes Memory of Warsaw '43." He began changing his answering machine greeting every couple of weeks to various quotes by Patrick Henry such as "Give me liberty or give me death."[38] He began experimenting with pipe bombs and other small explosive devices. The government also imposed new firearms restrictions in 1994 that McVeigh believed threatened his livelihood.[35]
McVeigh dissociated himself from his boyhood friend Steve Hodge by sending him a 23-page farewell letter. He proclaimed his devotion to the United States Declaration of Independence, explaining in detail what each sentence meant to him. McVeigh declared that:

Those who betray or subvert the Constitution are guilty of sedition and/or treason, are domestic enemies and should and will be punished accordingly.
It also stands to reason that anyone who sympathizes with the enemy or gives aid or comfort to said enemy is likewise guilty. I have sworn to uphold and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic and I will. And I will because not only did I swear to, but I believe in what it stands for in every bit of my heart, soul and being. I know in my heart that I am right in my struggle, Steve. I have come to peace with myself, my God and my cause. Blood will flow in the streets, Steve. Good vs. Evil. Free Men vs. Socialist Wannabe Slaves. Pray it is not your blood, my friend.

McVeigh felt the need to personally reconnoiter sites of rumored conspiracies. He visited Area 51 in order to defy government restrictions on photography and went to Gulfport, Mississippi to determine the veracity of rumors about United Nations operations. These turned out to be false; the Russian vehicles on the site were being configured for use in U.N.-sponsored humanitarian aid efforts. Around this time, McVeigh and Nichols also began making bulk purchases of ammonium nitrate, an agricultural fertilizer, for resale to survivalists, since rumors were circulating that the government was preparing to ban it.[39]
Plan against federal building or individuals[edit]
McVeigh told Fortier of his plans to blow up a federal building, but Fortier declined to participate. Fortier also told his wife about the plans.[40] McVeigh composed two letters to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, the first titled "Constitutional Defenders" and the second "ATF Read." He denounced government officials as "fascist tyrants" and "storm troopers" and warned:

ATF, all you tyrannical people will swing in the wind one day for your treasonous actions against the Constitution of the United States. Remember the Nuremberg War Trials.[2]

McVeigh also wrote a letter of recruitment to a customer named Steve Colbern:

A man with nothing left to lose is a very dangerous man and his energy/anger can be focused toward a common/righteous goal. What I'm asking you to do, then, is sit back and be honest with yourself. Do you have kids/wife? Would you back out at the last minute to care for the family? Are you interested in keeping your firearms for their current/future monetary value, or would you drag that '06 through rock, swamp and cactus... to get off the needed shot? In short, I'm not looking for talkers, I'm looking for fighters... And if you are a fed, think twice. Think twice about the Constitution you are supposedly enforcing (isn't "enforcing freedom" an oxymoron?) and think twice about catching us with our guard down – you will lose just like Degan did – and your family will lose.[41]

McVeigh began announcing that he had progressed from the "propaganda" phase to the "action" phase. He wrote to his Michigan friend Gwenda Strider, "I have certain other 'militant' talents that are in short supply and greatly demanded."[42]
McVeigh later said he considered "a campaign of individual assassination," with "eligible" targets including Attorney-General Janet Reno, Judge Walter S. Smith Jr. of Federal District Court, who handled the Branch Davidian trial, and Lon Horiuchi, a member of the FBI hostage-rescue team who shot and killed Vicki Weaver in a standoff at a remote cabin at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, in 1992.[43] He said he wanted Reno to accept "full responsibility in deed, not just words."[44] Such an assassination seemed too difficult,[45] and he decided that since federal agents had become soldiers, it was necessary to strike against them at their command centers.[46] According to McVeigh's authorized biography, he ultimately decided that he would make the loudest statement by bombing a federal building. After the bombing, he was ambivalent about his act; as he expressed in letters to his hometown newspaper, he sometimes wished he had carried out a series of assassinations against police and government officials instead.[47]
Oklahoma City bombing[edit]
Main article: Oklahoma City bombing




The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


Working at a lakeside campground near McVeigh's old Army post, he and Nichols constructed an ANNM explosive device mounted in the back of a rented Ryder truck. The bomb consisted of about 5,000 pounds (2,300 kg) of ammonium nitrate and nitromethane.
On April 19, 1995, McVeigh drove the truck to the front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building just as its offices opened for the day. Before arriving, he stopped to light a two-minute fuse. At 09:02, a large explosion destroyed the north half of the building. It killed 168 people, including nineteen children in the day care center on the second floor, and injured 684 others.[48]
McVeigh said that he had no knowledge that the federal offices also ran a daycare center on the second floor of the building, and that he might have chosen a different target if he had known about it.[49][50] Nichols disputed this, saying that he and McVeigh knew there was a daycare center in the building and that they did not care.[51][52]
McVeigh's biographers, Lou Michel and Dan Herbeck, quote McVeigh, with whom they spoke for 75 hours, on his attitude to the victims:

To these people in Oklahoma who have lost a loved one, I'm sorry but it happens every day. You're not the first mother to lose a kid, or the first grandparent to lose a grandson or a granddaughter. It happens every day, somewhere in the world. I'm not going to go into that courtroom, curl into a fetal ball and cry just because the victims want me to do that.

During an interview with Ed Bradley for television news magazine 60 Minutes in 2000, Bradley asked McVeigh for his reaction to the deaths of the nineteen children. McVeigh stated:

I thought it was terrible that there were children in the building.[53]

According to the Oklahoma City Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism (MIPT), more than 300 buildings were damaged. More than 12,000 volunteers and rescue workers took part in the rescue, recovery and support operations following the bombing. In reference to theories that he had assistance from others, McVeigh quoted a well known line from the film A Few Good Men, "You can't handle the truth!" and added "Because the truth is, I blew up the Murrah Building and isn't it kind of scary that one man could wreak this kind of hell?"[54]
Arrest, trial, conviction and sentencing[edit]




FBI forensic sketch of McVeigh, and his FBI mugshot


By tracing the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) of a rear axle found in the wreckage, the FBI identified the vehicle as a Ryder Rental box truck rented from Junction City, Kansas. Workers at the agency assisted an FBI artist in creating a sketch of the renter, who had used the alias "Robert Kling". The sketch was shown in the area. Lea McGown, manager of the local Dreamland Motel, identified the sketch as Timothy McVeigh.[55][56]
Shortly after the bombing, while driving on I-35 in Noble County, near Perry, Oklahoma, McVeigh was stopped by Oklahoma State Trooper Charles J. Hanger.[57] Hanger had passed McVeigh's yellow 1977 Mercury Marquis and noticed that it had no license plate. McVeigh admitted to the police officer (who noticed a bulge under his jacket) that he had a gun and McVeigh was subsequently arrested for having driven without plates and illegal firearm possession; McVeigh's concealed weapon permit was not legal in Oklahoma. McVeigh was wearing a T-shirt at that time with a picture of Abraham Lincoln and the motto: sic semper tyrannis ('Thus always to tyrants'), the supposed words shouted by John Wilkes Booth after he shot Lincoln.[58] On the back, it had a tree with a picture of three blood droplets and the Thomas Jefferson quote, "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."[59] Three days later, while still in jail, McVeigh was identified as the subject of the nationwide manhunt.




McVeigh about to be led out of a Perry, Oklahoma, courthouse two days after the Oklahoma City bombing


On August 10, 1995, McVeigh was indicted on eleven federal counts, including conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, use of a weapon of mass destruction, destruction with the use of explosives and eight counts of first-degree murder.[60]
On February 20, 1996, the Court granted a change of venue and ordered that the case be transferred from Oklahoma City to the U.S. District Court in Denver, Colorado, to be presided over by U.S. District Judge Richard Paul Matsch.[61]
McVeigh instructed his lawyers to use a necessity defense, but they ended up not doing so,[62] because they would have had to prove that McVeigh was in "imminent danger" from the government. (McVeigh himself argued that "imminent" did not necessarily mean "immediate.") They would have argued that his bombing of the Murrah building was a justifiable response to what McVeigh believed were the crimes of the U.S. government at Waco, Texas, where the 51-day siege of the Branch Davidian complex resulted in the deaths of 76 Branch Davidians.[63] As part of the defense, McVeigh's lawyers showed the jury the controversial video Waco, the Big Lie.[64]
On June 2, 1997, McVeigh was found guilty on all eleven counts of the federal indictment.[65] After the verdict, McVeigh tried to calm his mother by saying, "Think of it this way. When I was in the Army, you didn't see me for years. Think of me that way now, like I'm away in the Army again, on an assignment for the military."[66]
On June 13, 1997, the jury recommended that McVeigh receive the death penalty.[67] The U.S. Department of Justice brought federal charges against McVeigh for causing the deaths of eight federal officers leading to a possible death penalty for McVeigh; they could not bring charges against McVeigh for the remaining 160 murders in federal court because those deaths fell under the jurisdiction of the State of Oklahoma. Because McVeigh was convicted and sentenced to death, the State of Oklahoma did not file murder charges against McVeigh for the other 160 deaths.[68] Before the sentence was formally pronounced by Judge Matsch, McVeigh addressed the court for the first time and said:

If the Court please, I wish to use the words of Justice Brandeis dissenting in Olmstead to speak for me. He wrote, 'Our Government is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or for ill, it teaches the whole people by its example.' That's all I have.[69]

Incarceration and execution[edit]




Florence ADMAX USP, where McVeigh was incarcerated


While imprisoned, McVeigh had the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) register number 12076-064.[70] McVeigh's death sentence was delayed pending an appeal. One of his appeals for certiorari, taken to the Supreme Court of the United States, was denied on March 8, 1999. McVeigh's request for a nationally televised execution was also denied. An Internet company also unsuccessfully sued for the right to broadcast it.[71][72] At ADX Florence, McVeigh and Nichols were housed in "Bomber's Row", the same cell block as Ted Kaczynski, Luis Felipe and Ramzi Yousef. Yousef made frequent, unsuccessful attempts to convert McVeigh to Islam.[73]
McVeigh said:

I am sorry these people had to lose their lives, but that's the nature of the beast. It's understood going in what the human toll will be.[74]

He said that if there turned out to be an afterlife, he would "improvise, adapt and overcome",[74] noting:

If there is a hell, then I'll be in good company with a lot of fighter pilots who also had to bomb innocents to win the war.[75]

He also said:

I knew I wanted this before it happened. I knew my objective was state-assisted suicide and when it happens, it's in your face. You just did something you're trying to say should be illegal for medical personnel.[76]





United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the site of the federal death row for men and the federal execution chamber






Death Certificate of Timothy McVeigh


The BOP transferred McVeigh from ADX Florence to the federal death row at United States Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana in 1999.[77]
McVeigh dropped his remaining appeals, saying that he would rather die than spend the rest of his life in prison.[78] On January 16, 2001 the Federal Bureau of Prisons set May 16, 2001 as McVeigh's execution date.[79] McVeigh stated that his only regret was not completely leveling the federal building.[80] Six days prior to his scheduled execution, the FBI turned over thousands of documents of evidence it had previously withheld to McVeigh's attorneys. As a result, U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft announced McVeigh's execution would be stayed for one month.[78]
The execution date was reset for June 11, 2001. McVeigh invited California conductor/composer David Woodard to perform pre-requiem Mass music on the eve of his execution. He requested a Catholic chaplain. He requested two pints of mint chocolate chip ice cream for his last meal.[81]
McVeigh chose William Ernest Henley's poem "Invictus" as his final statement.[82][83] Just before the execution, when he was asked if he had a final statement, he declined. Jay Sawyer, a relative of one of the victims, wrote, "Without saying a word, he got the final word." Larry Whicher, whose brother died in the attack, described McVeigh as having "a totally expressionless, blank stare. He had a look of defiance and that if he could, he'd do it all over again."[84]
McVeigh was executed by lethal injection at 7:14 a.m. on June 11, 2001, at the U.S. Federal Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana, the first federal prisoner to be executed by the United States federal government since Victor Feguer was executed in Iowa on March 15, 1963.
On November 21, 1997, President Bill Clinton had signed S. 923, special legislation introduced by Senator Arlen Specter to bar McVeigh and other veterans convicted of capital crimes from being buried in any military cemetery.[85][86][87] His body was cremated at Mattox Ryan Funeral Home in Terre Haute. His ashes were given to his lawyer, who "said that the final destination of McVeigh's remains would remain privileged forever." McVeigh had written that he considered having them dropped at the site of the memorial where the building once stood, but decided that would be "too vengeful, too raw, too cold."[4] He had expressed willingness to donate organs, but was prohibited from doing so by prison regulations.[47]
Psychiatrist John Smith concluded that McVeigh was "a decent person who had allowed rage to build up inside him to the point that he had lashed out in one terrible, violent act."[11] McVeigh's IQ was assessed at 126.[88]
Associations[edit]
According to CNN, his only known associations were as a registered Republican while in Buffalo, New York in the 1980s, and a membership in the National Rifle Association while in the Army, and there is no evidence that he ever belonged to any extremist groups.[89]
Religious beliefs[edit]
McVeigh was raised Roman Catholic.[90] During his childhood, he and his father attended Mass regularly.[91] McVeigh was confirmed at the Good Shepherd Church in Pendleton, New York, in 1985.[92] In a 1996 interview, McVeigh professed belief in "a God", although he said he had "sort of lost touch with" Catholicism and "I never really picked it up, however I do maintain core beliefs."[90] In McVeigh's biography American Terrorist, released in 2002, he stated that he did not believe in a hell and that science is his religion.[93][94] In June 2001, a day before the execution, McVeigh wrote a letter to the Buffalo News identifying himself as agnostic. However, he took the Last Rites, administered by a priest, just before his execution.[95][96][97][98][99][100] Father Charles Smith ministered to McVeigh in his last moments in death row.[101]
Motivations for the bombing[edit]


"Why? McVeigh told us at eloquent length, but our rulers and their media preferred to depict him as a sadistic, crazed monster ... who had done it for the kicks".

—Gore Vidal, 2002[50]
McVeigh claimed that the bombing was revenge against the government for the sieges at Waco, Texas and Ruby Ridge.[102] McVeigh visited Waco during the standoff. While there, he was interviewed by student reporter Michelle Rauch, a senior journalism major at Southern Methodist University who was writing for the school paper. McVeigh expressed his objections over what was happening there.[89] [103]
McVeigh frequently quoted and alluded to the white supremacist novel The Turner Diaries; he claimed to appreciate its interest in firearms. Photocopies of pages sixty-one and sixty-two of The Turner Diaries were found in an envelope inside McVeigh's car. These pages depicted a fictitious mortar attack upon the U.S. Capitol in Washington.[104]
In a 1,200-word essay[105] dated March 1998, from the federal maximum-security prison at Florence, Colorado, McVeigh claimed that the terrorist bombing was "morally equivalent" to U.S. military actions against Iraq and other foreign countries. The handwritten essay, submitted to and published by the alternative national news magazine Media Bypass, was distributed worldwide by The Associated Press on May 29, 1998. This was written in the midst of the 1998 Iraq disarmament crisis and a few months before Operation Desert Fox.

The administration has said that Iraq has no right to stockpile chemical or biological weapons ("weapons of mass destruction") — mainly because they have used them in the past.
Well, if that's the standard by which these matters are decided, then the U.S. is the nation that set the precedent. The U.S. has stockpiled these same weapons (and more) for over 40 years. The U.S. claims this was done for deterrent purposes during its "Cold War" with the Soviet Union. Why, then, it is invalid for Iraq to claim the same reason (deterrence) with respect to Iraq's (real) war with, and the continued threat of, its neighbor Iran?
The administration claims that Iraq has used these weapons in the past. We've all seen the pictures that show a Kurdish woman and child frozen in death from the use of chemical weapons. But, have you ever seen those pictures juxtaposed next to pictures from Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
I suggest that one study the histories of World War I, World War II and other "regional conflicts" that the U.S. has been involved in to familiarize themselves with the use of "weapons of mass destruction."
Remember Dresden? How about Hanoi? Tripoli? Baghdad? What about the big ones — Hiroshima and Nagasaki? (At these two locations, the U.S. killed at least 150,000 non-combatants — mostly women and children — in the blink of an eye. Thousands more took hours, days, weeks or months to die).
If Saddam is such a demon, and people are calling for war crimes charges and trials against him and his nation, why do we not hear the same cry for blood directed at those responsible for even greater amounts of "mass destruction" — like those responsible and involved in dropping bombs on the cities mentioned above?
The truth is, the U.S. has set the standard when it comes to the stockpiling and use of weapons of mass destruction.

The essay, which marked the first time that McVeigh publicly discussed the Oklahoma City bombing, continued:

Hypocrisy when it comes to the death of children? In Oklahoma City, it was family convenience that explained the presence of a day-care center placed between street level and the law enforcement agencies which occupied the upper floors of the building. Yet, when discussion shifts to Iraq, any day-care center in a government building instantly becomes "a shield." Think about it.
When considering morality and "mens rea" [criminal intent], in light of these facts, I ask: Who are the true barbarians? ...
I find it ironic, to say the least, that one of the aircraft used to drop such a bomb on Iraq is dubbed "The Spirit of Oklahoma." This leads me to a final, and unspoken, moral hypocrisy regarding the use of weapons of mass destruction.
When a U.S. plane or cruise missile is used to bring destruction to a foreign people, this nation rewards the bombers with applause and praise. What a convenient way to absolve these killers of any responsibility for the destruction they leave in their wake.
Unfortunately, the morality of killing is not so superficial. The truth is, the use of a truck, a plane or a missile for the delivery of a weapon of mass destruction does not alter the nature of the act itself.
These are weapons of mass destruction — and the method of delivery matters little to those on the receiving end of such weapons.
Whether you wish to admit it or not, when you approve, morally, of the bombing of foreign targets by the U.S. military, you are approving of acts morally equivalent to the bombing in Oklahoma City ...

McVeigh included photocopies of a famous Vietnam War-era picture showing terrified children fleeing napalm bombs, and of nuclear devastation in Japan. He said in a preface that the essay was intended to "provoke thought — and was not written with malevolent intent."
On April 26, 2001, McVeigh wrote a letter to Fox News, I Explain Herein Why I Bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, which explicitly laid out his reasons for the attack.[106] McVeigh read Unintended Consequences and said that if it had come out a few years earlier, he would have given serious consideration to using sniper attacks in a war of attrition against the government instead of bombing a federal building.[107]
Accomplices[edit]
McVeigh's accomplice, Terry Nichols, was convicted and sentenced in federal court to life in prison for his role in the crime.[108] At Nichols' trial, evidence was presented indicating that others may have been involved.[109] Several residents of central Kansas, including real estate agent Georgia Rucker and a retired Army NCO, testified at Terry Nichols' federal trial that they had seen two trucks at Geary Lake State Park, where prosecutors alleged the bomb was assembled. The retired NCO said he visited the lake on April 18, 1995, but left after a group of surly men looked at him aggressively. The operator of the Dreamland Motel testified that two Ryder trucks had been parked outside her Grandview Plaza motel where McVeigh stayed in Room 26 the weekend before the bombing.[110] Terry Nichols is incarcerated at ADX Florence in Florence, Colorado.[111]
An ATF informant, Carol Howe, told reporters that shortly before the bombing she had warned her handlers that guests of Elohim City, Oklahoma were planning a major bombing attack.[112] McVeigh was issued a speeding ticket there at the same time.[1] Other than this speeding ticket, there is no evidence of a connection between McVeigh and members of the Midwest Bank Robbers at Elohim City.[113]
In February 2004, the FBI announced it would review its investigation after learning that agents in the investigation of the Midwest Bank Robbers (an alleged Aryan-oriented gang) had turned up explosive caps of the same type that were used to trigger the Oklahoma City bomb.[114] Agents expressed surprise that bombing investigators had not been provided information from the Midwest Bank Robbers investigation. McVeigh declined further delays and maintained until his death that he had acted alone in the bombing.
Some witnesses claimed to have seen a second suspect, and there was a search for a "John Doe #2", but none was ever found.
See also[edit]


United States portal
Biography portal
Terrorism portal



Lone wolf (terrorism)
Militia organizations in the United States

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Imitating Turner". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh: Convicted Oklahoma City Bomber". CNN. March 29, 2001. Archived from the original on March 1, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ a b "Timothy McVeigh dead". CNN. Retrieved July 30, 2015. 
^ "McVeigh biographers share 'chilling' audiotapes: Authors Michel and Herbeck reflect on McVeigh, OKC anniversary". MSNBC. April 15, 2010. Retrieved April 22, 2010. 
^ Shariat, Sheryll; Mallonee, Sue; Stephens-Stidham, Shelli (December 1998). "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Injury Prevention Service, Oklahoma State Department of Health. 
^ A Short History of Ireland - Page 341, John O'Beirne Ranelagh - 2012
^ "Ancestry of Tim McVeigh". Wargs.com. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh author Dan Herbeck quizzed". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ "Inside McVeigh's mind". BBC News. June 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Profile: Timothy McVeigh". BBC News. May 11, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 31–32
^ Chase, Alston (2004). A Mind for Murder: The Education of the Unabomber and the Origins of Modern Terrorism. W. W. Norton & Company. p. 370. ISBN 0-393-32556-3. 
^ Smith, Brent L., Damhousse, Kelly R. and Roberts, Paxton, Pre-Incident Indicators of Terrorist Incidents: The Identification of Behavioral, Geographic and Temporal Patterns of Preparatory Conduct, Document No.: 214217, May 2006, p. 234, found at NCJRS Government website, Scribd website and DHS Government website. Retrieved July 22, 2009.
^ Linder, Douglas O. "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006 feb 17; cf. People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 61
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 87-88
^ Russakoff, Dale; Kovaleski, Serge F. (July 2, 1995). "An Ordinary Boy's Extraordinary Rage". The Washington Post. p. A01. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ a b Jacobs, Sally (June 10, 1995). "The Radicalization Of Timothy McVeigh". tulsaworld.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ a b Willman, David; Ostrow, Ronald J. (April 28, 1995). "Investigators Believe Bombing Was the Work of 4 or 5 People : Terrorism: Father, son are under scrutiny. FBI says 3 witnesses can place McVeigh near blast scene. Arizona town emerges as possible base for plotters.". latimes.com. p. 4. Retrieved 18 November 2014. 
^ KIFNER, JOHN. "McVEIGH'S MIND: A special report.;Oklahoma Bombing Suspect: Unraveling of a Frayed Life". New York Times. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "Soldiers of Misfortune". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 10, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 1st letter". CNN. Archived from the original on 2008-01-19. 
^ a b Goldstein, Steve (May 3, 1995). "Mcveigh Wrote To Congressman About 'Self-defense'". philly.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 102
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 114
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 117-118
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p.111
^ Brian Morton (April 15, 2009). "The Guns of Spring". Baltimore City Paper. Times-Shamrock. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. 
^ The Guns of Spring; The Smirking Chimp; 2009
^ Martinez, J. Michael (2012). Terrorist Attacks on American Soil: From the Civil War Era to the Present. Rowman & Littlefield Publishers. p. 289. ISBN 1-442-20324-2. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 121
^ Handlin, Sam (2001) "Profile of a Mass Murderer: Who Is Timothy McVeigh? Court TV Online.
^ Thomas, Jo (November 14, 1997). "Jury Hears of McVeigh Remarks About Nichols and Bomb Making". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b Ottley, Ted. "Tim In Transit". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Bryce, Robert (August 18, 2000). "Prying Open the Case of the Missing Door". The Austin Chronicle. 
^ Editors (2000) "Gun Shows in America." Violence Policy Center.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 136-14-
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 156-158
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 161-162
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 184-185
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 195
^ "Timothy McVeigh's Letter to Fox News". Digital-Exp.com. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh Considered Assassinating Reno, Other Officials". Kuwait News Agency. April 27, 2001. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "McVeigh 'wanted to kill US attorney general'". The Daily Telegraph. London. April 28, 2001. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Saulny, Susan (April 27, 2001). "McVeigh Says He Considered Killing Reno". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ a b "Ready for execution, McVeigh says he's sorry for deaths". Newsok.com. June 9, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ "Oklahoma City Bombing Injuries" (PDF). Oklahoma State Department of Health. December 1998. 
^ See Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh:
^ a b Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace. pp. 1,81. 
^ Global Terrorism Database
^ Romano, Lois; Kenworthy, Tom (April 25, 1997). "Prosecutor Paints McVeigh As 'Twisted' U.S. Terrorist". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ "McVeigh Vents On '60 Minutes'". cbsnews.com. March 13, 2000. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ Thomas, Jo (March 29, 2001). "'No Sympathy' for Dead Children, McVeigh Says". The New York Times. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Collins, James; Patrick E. Cole; Elaine Shannon (April 27, 1997). "Oklahoma City: The Weight Of Evidence". Time. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Ottley, Ted. "License Tag Snag". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ See "Officer of the Month – October 2001: Second Lieutenant Charles J. Hanger, Oklahoma Highway Patrol," National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, copyright 2004–06. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ "The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber". Crime Library. Retrieved July 12, 2007. 
^ "'Turner Diaries' introduced in McVeigh trial". CNN. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ *Count 1 was "conspiracy to detonate a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a, culminating in the deaths of 168 people and destruction of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

Count 2 was "use of a weapon of mass destruction" in violation of 18 USC § 2332a (2)(a) & (b).
Count 3 was "destruction by explosives resulting in death", in violation of 18 USC § 844(f)(2)(a) & (b).
Counts 4 through 11 were first-degree murder in violation of 18 USC § 1111, 1114, & 2 and 28 CFR § 64.2(h), each count in connection to one of the eight law enforcement officers who were killed during the attack.


^ Romano, Lois (May 12, 1997). "Richard Matsch Has a Firm Grip on His Gavel in the Oklahoma City Bombing Trial". National Special Report: Oklahoma Bombing Trial. Washington Post. Retrieved April 15, 2010. 
^ "People In The News". CNN. February 7, 2001. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ Linder, Douglas O., "The Oklahoma City Bombing & The Trial of Timothy McVeigh,", online posting, University of Missouri–Kansas City, Law School faculty projects, 2006, accessed August 7, 2006. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ "People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row", transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET. [Specific citations to this source are still needed throughout the above article.]
^ Eddy, Mark; Lane, George; Pankratz, Howard; Wilmsen, Steven "Guilty on Every Count," Denver Post Online June 3, 1997, accessed August 7, 2006:

Although 168 people, including 19 children, were killed in the April 19, 1995, bombing, murder charges were brought against McVeigh for only the eight federal agents who were on duty when the bomb destroyed much of the Murrah Building.


Along with the eight counts of murder, McVeigh was charged with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, using a weapon of mass destruction and destroying a federal building.


Oklahoma City District Attorney Bob Macy said he would file state charges in the other 160 murders after McVeigh's co-defendant, Terry Nichols, was tried.


^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 347
^ See "Sentenced to Die," The News Hour with Jim Lehrer, Online NewsHour, PBS, June 13, 1997. Retrieved August 8, 2006.
^ People in the News: Timothy McVeigh: The Path to Death Row, transcript of program broadcast on CNN, June 9, 2001, 11:30 p.m. ET.
^ Serrano, Richard A. (August 15, 1997). "McVeigh Speaks Out, Receives Death Sentence". latimes.com. Retrieved November 18, 2014. 
^ "Timothy James McVeigh." Federal Bureau of Prisons. Retrieved May 19, 2010.
^ Williams, Dave (April 5, 2001). "Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution". CNN. Archived from the original on October 10, 2009. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (April 19, 2001). "The execution will not be webcast". Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 360-361
^ a b Borger, Julian (June 11, 2001). "McVeigh faces day of reckoning". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ McVeigh, Tracey (May 9, 2001). "Dead man talking". The Guardian. London. Retrieved March 28, 2010. 
^ Mieszkowski, Katharine; Standen, Amy (19 April 2001). The execution will not be webcast. Salon. Salon Media Group. Retrieved July 28, 2011. 
^ Huppke, Rex W. "EXECUTION: Terre Haute, Ind. dreads execution of Timothy McVeigh." Associated Press at the Southeast Missourian. Friday April 6, 2001. 2A (continued from 1A). Retrieved from Google News (2/16) on October 14, 2010. "The planning for this day began when McVeigh was moved to the U.S. Penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana along with the 19 other federal death row inmates in 1999[...]"
^ a b "Bush calls McVeigh execution delay necessary". CNN. May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 14, 2010. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Federal Execution date set for Timothy James McVeigh Archived 2010-05-27 at the Wayback Machine.." Federal Bureau of Prisons. January 16, 2001. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
^ Borger, Julian (March 30, 2001). "McVeigh brushes aside deaths". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2010. 
^ "index". Lastmealsproject.com. Archived from the original on 2014-08-21. Retrieved 2014-08-18. 
^ Quayle, Catherine (June 11, 2001). "Execution of an American Terrorist". Court TV. 
^ Cosby, Rita (June 12, 2001). "Timothy McVeigh Put to Death for Oklahoma City Bombings". FOX News. Retrieved April 15, 2008. 
^ Ottley, Ted (June 7, 2001). "Pre-Execution News: McVeigh's Stay Request Denied". Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols: Oklahoma Bombing. TruTv. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Gottman, Andrew J (Spring 1999). "Fair notice, even for terrorists: Timothy McVeigh and a new standard for the ex post facto clause". Washington and Lee Law Review. Archived from the original on 2009-10-01. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ "Bill Summary & Status, 105th Congress (1997–98), S.923". Library of Congress. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ "Hearing on S. 923 and H.R. 2040, to deny burial in a federally funded cemetery and other benefits to veterans convicted of certain capital crimes". U.S. House of Representatives. July 9, 1997. Retrieved October 24, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 288
^ a b Profile of Timothy McVeigh, Archived 2006-02-09 at the Wayback Machine. CNN, March 29, 2001. Retrieved February 22, 2015
^ a b Patrick Cole, "A Look Back in TIME: Interview with Timothy McVeigh", March 30, 1996. Retrieved October 19, 2010. Archived March 29, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ McFadden, Robert D. (April 23, 1995). "Terror in Oklahoma: The Suspect; One Man's Complex Path to Extremism". The New York Times. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "Fellow inmate counsels McVeigh". USA Today. Associated Press. June 20, 2001. Retrieved March 23, 2011. 
^ "The McVeigh Tapes" Rachel Maddow Show, aired April 19, 2010, pt. 1 at 2 min. 40 sec.
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 pp. 142-143
^ Julian Borger,"McVeigh faces day of reckoning: Special report: Timothy McVeigh,", The Guardian Online, June 11, 2001. Retrieved October 19, 2010.
^ Catholicity.com
^ Beliefnet.com
^ Indcatholicnews
^ Toledoblade
^ McVeigh took last rites before execution Edition.cnn, CNN, April 10, 2001. Retrieved 7 October 2015.
^ culteducation.com
^ See "McVeigh Remorseless About Bombing," newswire release, Associated Press, March 29, 2001.
^ "Timothy McVeigh in Waco". UMKC.edu. Retrieved August 14, 2012. 
^ Michel and Herbeck; cf. Walsh.
^ McVeigh, Timothy J. (June 1998). "An Essay on Hypocrisy". Media Bypass magazine. 
^ "McVeigh's Apr. 26 Letter to Fox News". Fox News. April 26, 2001. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved April 12, 2010. 
^ Michel, Herbeck 2002 p. 304
^ "Terry Nichols Sentenced to Life With No Hope of Parole - The Tech". tech.mit.edu. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Neiwert, David. "The mystery of John Doe No. 2". Salon. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Achenbach, Joel (1995-06-11). "DEAD ENDS". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "Oklahoma City bomber Terry Nichols says in prison letters he is not a terrorist". MLive.com. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ Isikoff, Michael (2012-04-18). "Oklahoma City Bombing's Unanswered Questions in New Book". The Daily Beast. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "The Complicated Defense of Timothy McVeigh". Mother Jones. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 
^ "FBI | Cover Story". stories.fbi.gov. Retrieved 2016-01-23. 


Further reading[edit]

Jones, Stephen and Peter Israel. Others Unknown: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing Conspiracy, 2nd ed. New York: PublicAffairs, 2001. ISBN 1-58648-098-7.
Madeira, Jody Lyneé. Killing McVeigh: The Death Penalty and the Myth of Closure. NYU Press, 2012. ISBN 0-81-479610-9 ISBN 978-0-814-79610-8
Michel, Lou and Dan Herbeck. American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: ReganBooks (HarperCollins), 2001. ISBN 0-06-039407-2.
Brandon M. Stickney, "All-American Monster: The Unauthorized Biography of Timothy McVeigh". Amherst, New York: Prometheus Books, 1996. ISBN 978-1-57392-088-9.
Vidal, Gore. Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace: How We Got to Be So Hated, Thunder's Mouth Press/Nation Books, 2002. ISBN 1-56025-405-X.
Wright, Stuart A. Patriots, Politics, and the Oklahoma City Bombing. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2007. ISBN 978-0-521-87264-5

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Timothy McVeigh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Timothy McVeigh.



"Bad Day Dawning" in "Criminals and Methods: Timothy McVeigh" at Court TV: Crime Library
Timothy McVeigh's April 27, 2001 letter to reporter Rita Cosby—Explains why he bombed the Murrah Federal Building (posted on independence.net)
Timothy McVeigh's Prison Dossier at The Smoking Gun
The Timothy McVeigh Story: The Oklahoma Bomber at Court TV: Crime Library
Voices of Oklahoma interview with Stephen Jones. First person interview conducted on January 27, 2010, with Stephen Jones, lawyer for Timothy McVeigh.
Ted Kaczynski's letter to the writers of the book, American Terrorist — Critique of Timothy McVeigh by fellow inmate Unabomber
Execution of Timothy McVeigh - USA Today




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 824027
LCCN: no96020128
GND: 119517760










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Timothy_McVeigh&oldid=791575837"					
Categories: 1968 births2001 deaths20th-century American criminals21st-century executions by the United States federal government21st-century executions of American people1995 murders in the United StatesAmerican mass murderersAmerican military personnel of the Gulf WarAmerican people convicted of murderAmerican people of Irish descentAmerican conspiracy theoristsConverts to Roman Catholicism from atheism or agnosticismAmerican Roman CatholicsBombers (people)Executed mass murderersNew York RepublicansOklahoma City bombingPeople convicted of murder by the United States federal governmentPeople convicted on terrorism chargesPeople executed by the United States federal government by lethal injectionPeople from Kingman, ArizonaPeople from Lockport, New YorkPeople from Pendleton, New YorkUnited States Army soldiersAmerican victims of school bullyingExecuted people from New YorkCriminals from New YorkFar-right politics in the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsTracking infobox criminal with motive parameterWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatviešuMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 04:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






    James McVeigh | AT&T Inc. | ZoomInfo.com
James P McVeigh 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017
















 





Public Records &amp; Background Checks | US Search













 










Sign In
Need Help? Call (877) 340-0211

Monday - Friday, 6AM - 6PM PT




People Search
Reverse Phone Lookup
Email Search
Social Network Search
Property Records
Criminal Records
Background Check








Public Records &amp; Background Checks | US Search













Print
Email Results


                  Get a People Search Report on
                  James  Mcveigh



100 matches were found for
                        James  Mcveigh





                                    Page

                  

 of 5
                  







Narrow your results:
Alias

Age
Lived at

Related to 

FilterClear filters












Additional information for purpose of ID only(not included in the report)




Name/Aliases
Age
Phone/Address
Has lived in:
Related with:
Studied at:
Worked at:
Premium Report


1


                              James J McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh


                           44
                        





Tarrytown, NY
Phoenix, AZ
Scottsdale, AZ
Mattituck, NY
Scarsdale, NY
More Locations


Julie McVeigh
Anthony McVeigh
Joseph McVeigh
Sandra McVeigh
Danny McVeigh
More People




Mayo Clinic




2


                              James Robert McVeigh

Rochelle Mcveigh
Jim Mcveigh
James Mc


                           63
                        





Okeechobee, FL
Mio, MI
Detroit, MI
Brighton, MI
Warren, MI
More Locations


Jennifer McVeigh
Beverly McVeigh
Joshua Tibbals




Kitchen Suppliers Incorporated




3


                              James Edward McVeigh



                           70
                        





Darby, PA
Warminster, PA
Middlebury Center, PA
Drexel Hill, PA
Philadelphia, PA
More Locations


Helen McVeigh




St. Joseph School




4


                              James Patrick McVeigh



                           82
                        





Leander, TX
El Paso, TX
Dallas, TX
Austin, TX
Arlington, TX
More Locations


Ashley McVeigh
Cathy McVeigh
Michael McVeigh
Meghan McVeigh




At&t Inc.




5


                              James Brother McVeigh



                           70
                        





Melville, NY
Brooklyn, NY
Middle Village, NY
Fresh Meadows, NY
Chicago, IL
More Locations






Claretians Inc
The Georgia Association Of Latino Elected Officials
National Religious Vocation Conference
More Jobs






ADVERTISING








6


                              James Michael McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh


                           56
                        





Haymarket, VA
Conway, SC
Ennis, MT
Bethesda, MD
Mc Donough, GA
More Locations


Susan McVeigh
Carolyn Smith
Michael McVeigh
Alice Smith
Thomas Collopy
More People


Excelsior College
Central Texas College
United States Army Sergeants Major Academy


Sentech Inc
Tuva Llc
Sava Senior Care
More Jobs




7


                              James W McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh


                           59
                        





Howell, NJ
Houston, TX
Willis, TX
Wayne, NJ
Pompton Lakes, NJ
More Locations


Marianne McVeigh
Laurito Marianne
William McVeigh
Michael McVeigh
Meghan McVeigh
More People




Camfil Farr
Liza Phillips Design




8


                              James J McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh


                           62
                        





Pennsburg, PA
Bechtelsville, PA
Voorhees, NJ
Philadelphia, PA
Southampton, PA


Michael McVeigh
Nicole McVeigh
Sharon McVeigh
Christina McVeigh




The Payroll Accounting Company




9


                              James Edward McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh


                           45
                        





Kernersville, NC
Winston Salem, NC
Williamson, NY
Rochester, NY
Ontario, NY
More Locations


Patrick McVeigh
Catherine Jones
Shannon McVeigh
Joseph McVeigh
Linda McVeigh
More People




Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc.




10


                              James Thomas McVeigh



                           60
                        





Santa Rosa, CA
Petaluma, CA
Sacramento, CA
San Luis Obispo, CA
Chico, CA
More Locations


Diane McVeigh
Wendy Pallo
Patrick McVeigh
Susan Bigall
Jenna Ford
More People


San Francisco State University


James M Mcveigh & Associates Inc
Mcveigh & Assoc Inc






ADVERTISING





11


                              James E McVeigh

James Mcveigh
James Veigh


                           76
                        





Foxboro, MA
Cumberland, RI
Linville Falls, NC
Brighton, MA


Marie McVeigh
Sarah McVeigh




Sam,c C




12


                              James J McVeigh

James Mc Veigh


                           74
                        





Brigantine, NJ
Marlton, NJ
Voorhees, NJ
Moorestown, NJ
West Berlin, NJ
More Locations


K McVeigh
Brian McVeigh
Sharon McVeigh
Kimberley Thompson
Kevin McVeigh
More People




Abc Financial Systems Inc




13


                              James Gregory McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh
James Mc


                           47
                        





Cedar Rapids, IA
Kahoka, MO
Tama, IA
Traer, IA
La Grange, MO
More Locations


Kevin McVeigh
Gregory McVeigh
Robin McVeigh




Save A Lot Food Store




14


                              James Patrick McVeigh

James Mcveigh
James Veigh


                           53
                        





New York, NY
Breezy Point, NY
Astoria, NY
Teaneck, NJ
Virginia Beach, VA
More Locations


Kevin McVeigh
Richard McVeigh
Kerry Murphy
William McVeigh
Coleen McVeigh
More People


University Of Notre Dame
Columbia Business School
Columbia University School Of Business
Univesity


Cyndx




15


                              James Arthur McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh


                           54
                        





Norco, CA
Hemet, CA
San Diego, CA
Nuevo, CA
Sun City, CA
More Locations


Ruth McVeigh
Michele Ball
Ann Wade
Joan McVeigh
John Foster




City Of San Diego






ADVERTISING





16


                              James F McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh
James Mc


                           69
                        





Golden, CO
Chevy Chase, MD
Colorado Springs, CO
Denver, CO
Oxford, FL
More Locations


Matthew McVeigh
Erin McVeigh
Sarah McVeigh
Sabrina Shah
Susan McVeigh


Indiana University Bloomington
University Of Colorado At Boulder


Uqm Technologies , Inc.
Uqm Power Products, Inc.
Bcs, Incorporated
More Jobs




17


                              James P McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh
James Mc


                           73
                        





Englewood, FL
North Smithfield, RI
Lincoln, RI
Warwick, RI
Newbury, NH
More Locations


Eileen McVeigh
Scott McVeigh
Frederick McVeigh




Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc.




18


                              James C McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh


                           79
                        





Colorado Springs, CO
Shawnee Mission, KS
Plano, TX
Jupiter, FL
West Palm Beach, FL
More Locations


Sharon McVeigh
Christi Coyle
Lesli McVeigh
Lynn McVeigh




Flexible Foam Products Inc




19


                              James A McVeigh

Jim Mcveigh
James Veigh


                           57
                        





Darien, IL
Schaumburg, IL
Willowbrook, IL
Downers Grove, IL


Kathryn McVeigh
Daniel McVeigh
Ryan McVeigh
Cathren McVeigh


Western Illinois University


Fanuc America Corporation
Mako Metals, Inc.




20


                              James R McVeigh

James Mc Veigh
Jim Mcveigh


                           93
                        





Cary, NC
Waverly, OH
Chula Vista, CA
Morrisville, PA
Sterling, VA


Marian McVeigh




San Diego Water Department
American Water










                                    Page

                  

 of 5
                  









Refine or Modify Your Search



                  First Name
                  


                  MI 


                  Last Name Required 


                  City / State
                  


                  Age
                  








               James  Mcveigh in the United States
            

               We've found results for your search on James  Mcveigh in the United States.
               Get detailed information like phone number, address, criminal records or
               background checks on James  Mcveigh in the United States.
            
US Search has access to billions of public records data so you can find people like
               James  Mcveigh in the United States or anyone you're searching for.
            









      US Search is dedicated to helping you find people and learn more about them in a safe and responsible manner. US Search is not a Consumer Reporting Agency (CRA) as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to make decisions about employment, tenant screening, or any related purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

Home •
About Us •
FAQ •
People Search Directory •
Site Map •
PrivacyLock Refund •
Privacy Policy - UPDATED •
Terms of Service - UPDATED •
Contact Us

Copyright © 1998-2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a US Search. All Rights Reserved.



















James P. McVeigh: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 26, 2017 2:26 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Cyndx Networks LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
James P. McVeigh  Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Cyndx Networks LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships53--
Background

		Mr. James P. McVeigh founded Cyndx Advisors LLC and has been its Chief Executive Officer since December 2013. Mr. McVeigh served as a Managing Director in Bank of America Merrill Lynch's(BofAML") Technology, Media & Telecom Corporate and Investment Banking Division since March 2003. He served as Managing Director of Media & Telecom Group at Banc of America Securities LLC. Mr. McVeigh was employed at Credit Suisse Group AG; Credit Suisse (USA), Inc. and Citigroup CIB. ... He served in the United States Navy, rising to the rank of Lieutenant and was the recipient of two Navy Commendation Medals for service during the Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield. He has been a Director at Monster Worldwide, Inc. since April 1, 2015.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
757 Third AvenueNew York, New York 10017United StatesPhone: 646-762-4990Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2015-PresentDirectorMonster Worldwide, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Banc of America Securities LLCMonster Worldwide, Inc.Credit Suisse (USA), Inc.Credit Suisse Group AGCitigroup CIBCyndx Advisors LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cyndx Networks LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















