

DAVID L MEAD - WESTERVILLE, OH - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



WESTERVILLE



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            DAVID L MEAD
                                    



 





















D 


DAVID L MEAD
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



538 WOODLAKE DR WESTERVILLE, OH 43081
Get Directions



(614) 890-6002





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, David L Mead has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from Westerville. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.













David L. Mead - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















David L. Mead
Chairman of the Board at Peoples Bancorp Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you David L. Mead? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David L. Mead's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in David L. Mead's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David L. Mead's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David L. Mead through your network of contacts.
												








David L. Mead's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Peoples Bancorp Inc.


Past
To view David L. Mead's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Otterbein College


														 M.B.A., 
															Xavier University (Ohio)


Age
61

 
 


David L. Mead's Biography



Associate Professor on the business faculty of Marietta College, located in Marietta, Ohio, from August 2011 through the end of the 2015-2016 academic year. Formerly interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Peoples from August 2, 2010 until April 4, 2011, interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Peoples Bank from August 6, 2010 until April 4, 2011, and interim President of Peoples Insurance Agency, LLC from December 21, 2010 until April 4, 2011. Prior to his service with Peoples and our subsidiaries, Mr. Mead served as Vice President for Business Affairs at Otterbein College, located in Westerville, Ohio, from September 2006 u ...
(Read More)

			Associate Professor on the business faculty of Marietta College, located in Marietta, Ohio, from August 2011 through the end of the 2015-2016 academic year. Formerly interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Peoples from August 2, 2010 until April 4, 2011, interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Peoples Bank from August 6, 2010 until April 4, 2011, and interim President of Peoples Insurance Agency, LLC from December 21, 2010 until April 4, 2011. Prior to his service with Peoples and our subsidiaries, Mr. Mead served as Vice President for Business Affairs at Otterbein College, located in Westerville, Ohio, from September 2006 until June 2010; Associate Professor of Finance at Marietta College from August 2004 to September 2006; Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of First Place Financial Corp., headquartered in Warren, Ohio, from December 2002 to June 2004; and Treasurer of First Place Bank, headquartered in Warren, Ohio, from May 2002 to December 2002. Mr. Mead has served as Chairman of the Board of Peoples and Peoples Bank since May 2016. Mr. Mead has been a Certified Public Accountant since 1978. 

Mr. Mead's previous role as interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Peoples has provided him with intimate knowledge of the Peoples organization and its operations. Mr. Mead's 26 years of banking experience and his previous executive positions with bank holding companies provide significant value to the collective knowledge of our organization and the Board. His extensive experience, professional certification as a Certified Public Accountant, financial expertise and background are also assets to the Board. In addition, Mr. Mead's service as a director of Peoples Bank since 2005 and Peoples since 2006 has provided valuable perspective to the Board in the areas of financial oversight, audit, accounting, and general financial knowledge relevant to the financial services industry.
		
Source: Peoples Bancorp Inc. on 03/08/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David L. Mead's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like David L. Mead. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in David L. Mead's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David L. Mead's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David L. Mead through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: David L. Mead


















David L. Mead's Connections (85)





Sign up now to view David L. Mead's 85 connections »









John E. King
Former Vice President, Perot Systems









Michael E. Ducey
Board Member, Apollo Global Management, LLC









Michael W. Hager
Former Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Peoples Bancorp Inc.









Richard W. Stafford
Executive Vice President, Peoples Bancorp Inc.









Mark F. Bradley
Former Chief Executive Officer, Peoples Bancorp Inc.









Larry E. Holdren
Former Executive Vice President, Peoples Bancorp Inc.









George W. Broughton
Vice Chairman of the Board, Peoples Bancorp Inc.









Terry T. Sweet
Board Member, Peoples Bancorp Inc.









Brenda F. Jones
Board Member, Peoples Bancorp Inc.









Susan D. Rector
Board Member, Peoples Bancorp Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















	 Mead School Supplies – Student Planners, Notebooks, Binders and More


















































 










Log in



Username/Email



Password






Register | 
                                    Forgot Password










Shop Mead Products Online







Consumer Affairs





Home

Students

Parents

Teachers

Home Managers

Promotions













Our Brands
Our Products
Product Recommender


The Mead Store
The source to shop for and learn about the Mead brand of products.Visit Our Store 







1
2
3
4

















Students
 Everything you need to stay organized and make the grade.
						
Find Tips & Tools
Connect on Facebook
Play Games

Go 


Parents
 Get what you need to give your kids an extra boost.
						
Get Advice
Plan Fun Activities
Join the Community

Go 


Teachers
 Resources to enrich your curriculum and inspire your students.
						
Research Lesson Plans
Create a Quiz

Go 


Home Managers
 Keep it all together, stay organized and simplify your day-to-day.
						
Get Helpful Hints
See Solutions in Action
Organizher™ Downloads
Mead® for Mom Downloads

Go 


Promotions

						Stress is EVERYWHERE and affects EVERYONE. Join FIVE STAR® and take a stand against your stress. #STRENGTHNOTSTRESS

Join the Conversation




























Home  |  
        Students  |  
        Parents  |  
        Teachers  |  
        Home Managers  |  
        Promotions
Store Finder  |  
        Terms & Conditions  |  
        Privacy Policy  |  
	Consumer Affairs  |  
        Contact Us  |  
        Site Map  |  
        Mead Store  
©2017 ACCO Brands USA LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use subject to Terms & Conditions


















David L Mead - Salida, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David L Mead in Salida, CA


David L Mead

                                                                           Intelius found that David L Mead  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Salida, CA.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

David L Mead is in his 40s

David Has Lived In

Salida, CA
Modesto, CA
Aurora, CO

David's Relatives

Deborah Mead
Lonnie Mead
Marshall Mead
Lynda Mead







David L Mead



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David L Mead
Get a Criminal Check on David L Mead
Get a Public Record Report on David L Mead
Get a People Search Report on David L Mead


David L Mead's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David L Mead has lived as well as David L Mead's phone numbers and email addresses.




David L Mead Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for David L Mead


4409 S** M***** D* 

Salida, CA


Has Lived In

Salida, CA
Modesto, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David L Mead

(209) ***-**** - Salida, CA 
(805) ***-**** - Goleta, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David L Mead



Get Email Report




David L Mead's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David L Mead


David L Mead's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David L Mead's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Mead
Username Matches

                  DavidMead
                  MeadDavid
                  David.Mead
                  Mead.David
                  David_Mead
                  Mead_David
                  David-Mead
                  Mead-David
                  DMead
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Mead







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Mead Johnson Nutrition :: Company | Mead Johnson Nutrition
































Menu





Our Other Sites
Argentina
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
China
Denmark
France
Hong Kong
India
Italy
Malaysia
Mexico
Netherlands
Norway
Philippines
Poland
Russia
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Thailand
United Kingdom
United States
United States - Healthcare Professionals
Vietnam












HomeCompany        






                                                    Company                                            















Our History



Mead Johnson Nutrition’s recognition as a world leader in pediatric nutrition can be traced back to the company’s founding in 1905 by Edward Mead Johnson, Sr.
Learn More About Mead Johnson’s History



Our Vision:
To be the world's leading nutrition company for babies and children.









                                                    Welcome to Mead Johnson                                            


At Mead Johnson, the health and development of infants and children is our sole concern.
We are the only global company focused primarily on infant and child nutrition. That singular devotion has made our flagship “Enfa” line the leading infant nutrition brand in the world.
Today, Mead Johnson develops and markets safe, high quality, innovative products that help meet the nutritional needs of infants and children. With more than 70 products in over 50 countries, Mead Johnson products are trusted by millions of parents and healthcare professionals around the world.










Latest Company Journal Posts



Featured Post:
 MJN Hosts Second Allergy Day Workshop 
 Posted:  2 months 3 weeks ago 

Related:
 Mead Johnson Joins White House Initiative to Advance Research 
 Posted:  1 year 2 months ago 

 During Women's History Month, Mead Johnson Women Leaders Discuss the Importance of Our Core Beliefs 
 Posted:  1 year 4 months ago 



More Journal Posts

























George Herbert Mead - Wikipedia






















 






George Herbert Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from George H. Mead)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named George Mead, see George Mead (disambiguation).


George H. Mead



George H. Mead.



Born
(1863-02-27)February 27, 1863
South Hadley, Massachusetts


Died
April 26, 1931(1931-04-26) (aged 68)
Chicago, Illinois


Alma mater
Oberlin College
Harvard University





Era
20th-century philosophy


Region
Western Philosophy


School
Pragmatism


Institutions
University of Michigan
University of Chicago




Influenced


Herbert Blumer
Jürgen Habermas
John Dewey
Eugene Halton
Charles W. Morris









George Herbert Mead (February 27, 1863 – April 26, 1931) was an American philosopher, sociologist and psychologist, primarily affiliated with the University of Chicago, where he was one of several distinguished pragmatists. He is regarded as one of the founders of social psychology and of what has come to be referred to as the Chicago sociological tradition.



Contents


1 Biography
2 Writings
3 Pragmatism and symbolic interaction
4 Social philosophy (behaviorism)
5 Nature of the self
6 Philosophy of science
7 Play and game and the generalized other
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 Notes and references
11 Further reading
12 External links



Biography[edit]
Mead was born February 27, 1863 in South Hadley, Massachusetts. He was raised in a Protestant, middle-class family comprising his father, Hiram Mead, his mother, Elizabeth Storrs (Billings) Mead, and his sister Alice. His father was a former Congregationalist Pastor from a lineage of farmers and clergymen and who later held the chair in Sacred Rhetoric and Pastoral Theology at Oberlin College’s theological seminary. Elizabeth Storrs Mead taught for two years at Oberlin College and subsequently, from 1890 to 1900, served as president of Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts.[1] In 1879, George Mead enrolled at Oberlin College, graduating in 1883 with a BA degree. After graduation, Mead taught grade school for about four months. For the following three years, he worked as a surveyor for the Wisconsin Central Railroad Company.
In autumn 1887, Mead enrolled at Harvard University, where his main interests were philosophy and psychology. At Harvard, Mead studied with Josiah Royce, a major influence upon his thought, and William James, whose children he tutored. In 1888, Mead left Harvard after receiving only a B.A. and moved to Leipzig, Germany to study with psychologist Wilhelm Wundt, from whom he learned the concept of "the gesture," a concept central to his later work.
In 1891 he married Helen Kingsbury Castle (1860–1929), the sister of Henry Northrup Castle (1862–1895), a friend he met at Oberlin.[2] Despite never finishing his dissertation, Mead was able to obtain a post at the University of Michigan in 1891. At the University of Michigan, Mead met Charles H. Cooley and John Dewey, both of whom would influence him greatly.[3] In 1894 Mead moved, along with Dewey, to the University of Chicago, where he taught until his death. Dewey's influence led Mead into educational theory, but his thinking soon diverged from that of Dewey, and developed into his famous psychological theories of mind, self and society.[4]:352–353
No detached philosopher, he was active in Chicago's social and political affairs; among his many activities include his work for the City Club of Chicago. He believed that science could be used to deal with social problems and played a key role in conducting research at the settlement house in Chicago.[4]:353[5] He also worked as treasurer for Chicago's Hull House.[6][7] Mead died of heart failure on April 26, 1931.
Writings[edit]
In a career spanning more than 40 years, Mead wrote almost constantly and published numerous articles and book reviews in both philosophy and psychology. However, he did not publish any books. Following his death, several of his students put together and edited four volumes from records of Mead's social psychology course at the University of Chicago, his lecture notes, and his numerous unpublished papers. The four volumes are: Mead's 1930 Carus Lectures, edited by Charles W. Morris; The Philosophy of the Present (1932), edited by Arthur E. Murphy; Mind, Self and Society (1934), edited by Charles W. Morris; Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century (1936), edited by Merritt H. Moore; and The Philosophy of the Act (1938).
Most notable among Mead's published papers are “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900);[8] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910);[9] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910);[10] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness” (1912);[11] “The Social Self” (1913);[12] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker”(1917);[13] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922);[14] “The Genesis of Self and Social Control” [15] (1925); “The Objective Reality of Perspectives” [16] (1926);”The Nature of the Past” [17] (1929); and “The Philosophies of Royce, James, and Dewey in Their American Setting” [18] (1929).
In his lifetime, Mead published around 100 scholarly articles, reviews, and incidental pieces. Given their diverse nature, access to these writings is difficult. The first editorial efforts to change this situation date from the 1960s. In 1964, Andrew J. Reck collected twenty-five of Mead’s published articles in Selected Writings: George Herbert Mead. Bobbs-Merrill, The Liberal Arts Press. 1964. [19] Four years later, John W. Petras published George Herbert Mead. Essays on his Social Psychology, a collection of fifteen articles that included previously unpublished manuscripts.
More recently, Mary Jo Deegan published Essays in Social Psychology (2001), a book project originally abandoned by Mead in the early 1910s. In 2010, Filipe Carreira da Silva edited the G.H. Mead. A Reader, the most comprehensive collection to date. It includes thirty of Mead’s most important articles, ten of which previously unpublished.
The Mead Project[20] at Brock University in Ontario intends to publish all of Mead's 80-odd remaining unpublished manuscripts.
Pragmatism and symbolic interaction[edit]
Much of Mead's work focused on the development of the self and the objectivity of the world within the social realm: he insisted that "the individual mind can exist only in relation to other minds with shared meanings" (Mead 1982: 5).
The two most important roots of Mead's work, and of symbolic interactionism in general, are the philosophy of pragmatism and social (as opposed to psychological) behaviorism (i.e.: Mead was concerned with the stimuli of gestures and social objects with rich meanings rather than bare physical objects which psychological behaviourists considered stimuli). Pragmatism is a wide-ranging philosophical position from which several aspects of Mead's influences can be identified.
There are four main tenets of pragmatism (see Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy): First, to pragmatists true reality does not exist "out there" in the real world, it "is actively created as we act in and toward the world." Second, people remember and base their knowledge of the world on what has been useful to them and are likely to alter what no longer "works." Third, people define the social and physical "objects" they encounter in the world according to their use for them. Lastly, if we want to understand actors, we must base that understanding on what people actually do. Three of these ideas are critical to symbolic interactionism:

the focus on the interaction between the actor and the world
a view of both the actor and the world as dynamic processes and not static structures and
the actor's ability to interpret the social world.

Thus, to Mead and symbolic interactionists, consciousness is not separated from action and interaction, but is an integral part of both. Symbolic interactionism as a pragmatic philosophy was an antecedent to the philosophy of transactionalism.[21]
Mead's theories in part, based on pragmatism and behaviorism, were transmitted to many graduate students at the University of Chicago who then went on to establish symbolic interactionism.[4]:347–350
Social philosophy (behaviorism)[edit]
Mead was a very important figure in 20th century social philosophy. One of his most influential ideas was the emergence of mind and self from the communication process between organisms, discussed in Mind, Self and Society, also known as social behaviorism.[22] This concept of how the mind and self emerge from the social process of communication by signs founded the symbolic interactionist school of sociology. Rooted intellectually in Hegelian dialectics and process philosophy, Mead, like Dewey, developed a more materialist process philosophy that was based upon human action and specifically communicative action. Human activity is, in a pragmatic sense, the criterion of truth, and through human activity meaning is made. Joint activity, including communicative activity, is the means through which our sense of self is constituted. The essence of Mead's social behaviorism is that mind is not a substance located in some transcendent realm, nor is it merely a series of events that takes place within the human physiological structure. This approach opposed the traditional view of the mind as separate from the body. The emergence of mind is contingent upon interaction between the human organism and its social environment; it is through participation in the social act of communication that individuals realize their potential for significantly symbolic behavior, that is, thought. Mind, in Mead’s terms, is the individualized focus of the communication process. It is linguistic behavior on the part of the individual. There is, then, no “mind or thought without language;” and language (the content of mind) “is only a development and product of social interaction” (Mind, Self and Society 191-192). Thus, mind is not reducible to the neurophysiology of the organic individual, but is emergent in “the dynamic, ongoing social process” that constitutes human experience (Mind, Self and Society 7).[19]
For Mead, mind arises out of the social act of communication. Mead’s concept of the social act is relevant, not only to his theory of mind, but to all facets of his social philosophy. His theory of “mind, self, and society” is, in effect, a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of a social process involving the interaction of many individuals, just as his theory of knowledge and value is a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of the experiencing individual in interaction with an environment.[19] Action is very important to his social theory and, according to Mead, actions also occur within a communicative process. The initial phase of an act constitutes a gesture. A gesture is a preparatory movement that enables other individuals to become aware of the intentions of the given organism. The rudimentary situation is a conversation of gestures, in which a gesture on the part of the first individual evokes a preparatory movement on the part of the second, and the gesture of the second organism in turn calls out a response in the first person. On this level no communication occurs. Neither organism is aware of the effect of its own gestures upon the other; the gestures are nonsignificant. For communication to take place, each organism must have knowledge of how the other individual will respond to his own ongoing act. Here the gestures are significant symbols.[22] A significant symbol is a kind of gesture that only humans can make.[23] Gestures become significant symbols when they arouse in the individual who is making them the same kind of response they are supposed to elicit from those to whom the gestures are addressed. Only when we have significant symbols can we truly have communication.[4]:356–357 Mead grounded human perception in an "action-nexus" (Joas 1985: 148). We perceive the world in terms of the “means of living” (Mead 1982: 120). To perceive food, is to perceive eating. To perceive a house, is to perceive shelter. That is to say, perception is in terms of action. Mead's theory of perception is similar to that of J. J. Gibson.
Mead the social psychologist argued in tune with Durkheim that the individual is a product of an ongoing, preexisting society, or more specifically, social interaction that is a consequence of a sui generis society. The self arises when the individual becomes an object to themselves. Mead argued that we are objects first to other people, and secondarily we become objects to ourselves by taking the perspective of other people. Language enables us to talk about ourselves in the same way as we talk about other people, and thus through language we become other to ourselves.[24] In joint activity, which Mead called 'social acts', humans learn to see themselves from the standpoint of their co-actors. A central mechanism within the social act, which enables perspective taking, is position exchange. People within a social act often alternate social positions (e.g., giving/receiving, asking/helping, winning/losing, hiding/seeking, talking/listening). In children's games there is repeated position exchange, for example in hide-and-seek, and Mead argued that this is one of the main ways that perspective taking develops.
However, for Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, the key is not simply human action, but rather social action. In humans the "manipulatory phase of the act" is socially mediated, that is to say, in acting towards objects humans simultaneously take the perspectives of others towards that object. This is what Mead means by "the social act" as opposed to simply "the act" (the latter being a Deweyan concept). Non-human animals also manipulate objects, but that is a non-social manipulation, they do not take the perspective of other organisms toward the object. Humans on the other hand, take the perspective of other actors towards objects, and this is what enables complex human society and subtle social coordination. In the social act of economic exchange, for example, both buyer and seller must take each other's perspectives towards the object being exchanged. The seller must recognize the value for the buyer, while the buyer must recognize the desirability of money for the seller. Only with this mutual perspective taking can the economic exchange occur (Mead was influenced on this point by Adam Smith).
Nature of the self[edit]
A final piece of Mead's social theory is the mind as the individual importation of the social process.[25] Mead states, "The self is a social process," meaning that there are series of actions that go on in the mind to help formulate one's complete self. As previously discussed, Mead presented the self and the mind in terms of a social process. As gestures are taken in by the individual organism, the individual organism also takes in the collective attitudes of others, in the form of gestures, and reacts accordingly with other organized attitudes.[26] This process is characterized by Mead as the "I" and the "Me". The "Me" is the social self and the "I" is the response to the "Me." In other words, the "I" is the response of an individual to the attitudes of others, while the "me" is the organized set of attitudes of others which an individual assumes.[27][28]
Mead develops William James' distinction between the "I" and the "me." The "me" is the accumulated understanding of "the generalized other" i.e. how one thinks one's group perceives oneself etc. The "I" is the individual's impulses. The "I" is self as subject; the "me" is self as object. The "I" is the knower, the "me" is the known. The mind, or stream of thought, is the self-reflective movements of the interaction between the "I" and the "me." There is neither "I" nor "me" in the conversation of gestures; the whole act is not yet carried out, but the preparation takes place in this field of gesture.[29] These dynamics go beyond selfhood in a narrow sense, and form the basis of a theory of human cognition. For Mead the thinking process is the internalized dialogue between the "I" and the "me." Mead rooted the self’s “perception and meaning” deeply and sociologically in "a common praxis of subjects" (Joas 1985: 166) found specifically in social encounters. Understood as a combination of the 'I' and the 'me', Mead’s self proves to be noticeably entwined within a sociological existence. For Mead, existence in community comes before individual consciousness. First one must participate in the different social positions within society and only subsequently can one use that experience to take the perspective of others and thus become self-conscious.
Philosophy of science[edit]
Mead is a major American philosopher by virtue of being, along with John Dewey, Charles Peirce and William James, one of the founders of pragmatism. He also made significant contributions to the philosophies of nature, science, and history, to philosophical anthropology, and to process philosophy. Dewey and Alfred North Whitehead considered Mead a thinker of the first rank. He is a classic example of a social theorist whose work does not fit easily within conventional disciplinary boundaries.
As far as his work on the philosophy of science, Mead sought to find the psychological origin of science in the efforts of individuals to attain power over their environment. The notion of a physical object arises out of manipulatory experience. There is a social relation to inanimate objects, for the organism takes the role of things that it manipulates directly, or that it manipulates indirectly in perception. For example, in taking (introjecting or imitating) the resistant role of a solid object, an individual obtains cognition of what is "inside" nonliving things. Historically, the concept of the physical object arose from an animistic conception of the universe.
Contact experience includes experiences of position, balance, and support, and these are used by the organism when it creates its conceptions of the physical world. Our scientific concepts of space, time, and mass are abstracted from manipulatory experience. Such concepts as that of the electron are also derived from manipulation. In developing a science we construct hypothetical objects in order to assist ourselves in controlling nature. The conception of the present as a distinct unit of experience, rather than as a process of becoming and disappearing, is a scientific fiction devised to facilitate exact measurement. In the scientific worldview immediate experience is replaced by theoretical constructs. The ultimate in experience, however, is the manipulation and contact at the completion of an act.[22]
Play and game and the generalized other[edit]
Mead theorized that human beings begin their understanding of the social world through "play" and "game". "Play" comes first in the child's development. The child takes different roles he/she observes in "adult" society, and plays them out to gain an understanding of the different social roles. For instance, he first plays the role of policeman and then the role of thief while playing "Cops and Robbers," and plays the role of doctor and patient when playing "Doctor." As a result of such play, the child learns to become both subject and object and begins to become able to build a self. However, it is a limited self because the child can only take the role of distinct and separate others, they still lack a more general and organized sense of themselves.[4]:360
In the next stage, the game stage, it is required that a person develop a full sense of self. Whereas in the play stage the child takes on the role of distinct others, in the game stage the child must take the role of everyone else involved in the game. Furthermore, these roles must have a definite relationship to one another. To illustrate the game stage, Mead gives his famous example of a baseball game:

But in a game where a number of individuals are involved, then the child taking one role must be ready to take the role of everyone else. If he gets in a ball nine he must have the responses of each position involved in his own position. He must know what everyone else is going to do in order to carry out his own play. He has to take all of these roles. They do not all have to be present in consciousness at the same time, but at some moments he has to have three or four individuals present in his own attitude, such as the one who is going to throw the ball, the one who is going to catch it and so on. These responses must be, in some degree, present in his own make-up. In the game, then, there is a set of responses of such others so organized that the attitude of one calls out the appropriate attitudes of the other. (Mead, 1934/1962:151)

In the game stage, organization begins and definite personalities start to emerge. Children begin to become able to function in organized groups and most importantly, to determine what they will do within a specific group.[4]:360–361 Mead calls this the child's first encounter with "the generalized other", which is one of the main concepts Mead proposes for understanding the emergence of the (social) self in human beings. "The generalized other" can be thought of as understanding the given activity and the actors' place within the activity from the perspective of all the others engaged in the activity. Through understanding "the generalized other" the individual understands what kind of behavior is expected, appropriate and so on, in different social settings.
How does perspective taking occur according to Mead? It has been argued that social acts (such as games and routine forms of social interaction) enable perspective taking through 'position exchange'.[30] Assuming that games and routine social acts have differentiated social positions, and that these positions create our cognitive perspectives, then it might be that by moving between roles in a game (e.g. between hiding and seeking or buying and selling) we come to learn about the perspective of the other. This new interpretation of Mead's account of taking the perspective of the other has experimental support.[31]
Bibliography[edit]

1932. The Philosophy of the Present. Open Court Publishing.
1934. Mind, Self, and Society. Ed. by Charles W. Morris. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4
1936. Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century. Ed. by C. W. Morris. University of Chicago Press.
1938. The Philosophy of the Act. Ed. by C.W. Morris et al. University of Chicago Press.
1964. Selected Writings. Ed. by A. J. Reck. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51671-4 This volume collects articles Mead himself prepared for publication.
1982. The Individual and the Social Self: Unpublished Essays by G. H. Mead. Ed. by David L. Miller. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-608-09479-3
2001. Essays in Social Psychology. Ed. by M. J. Deegan. Transaction Books. (Book review [32])
2011. G.H. Mead. A Reader. Ed. by F.C. Silva. Routledge.

See also[edit]


James Mark Baldwin
Lev Vygotsky
Chicago School (sociology)


Notes and references[edit]


^ Baldwin, John (2009). George Herbert Mead. Sage. p. 7. ISBN 0-8039-2320-1. 
^ Cook, Gary A. (1993). George Herbert Mead: the making of a social pragmatist. University of Illinois Press. p. 4. ISBN 978-0-252-06272-8. 
^ Miller, David (2009). George Herbert Mead: Self, Language, and the World. University of Texas Press. pp. xii–xix. ISBN 0-292-72700-3. 
^ a b c d e f Ritzer, George (2008). Sociological Theory. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-07-352818-2. 
^ George H. Mead (1907). "The Social Settlement: Its basis and function". University of Chicago Record: 108–110. 
^ Ritzer, George (2004). Encyclopedia of Social Theory. Thousand Oaks, California: SAGE Publications. p. 491. ISBN 0-7619-2611-9. 
^ "George Herbert Mead, Philosophy". www.lib.uchicago.edu. Retrieved 2016-02-10. 
^ [1] “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900)
^ [2] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910)
^ [3] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910)
^ [4] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness”
^ [5] “The Social Self” (1913)
^ [6] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker” (1917)
^ [7] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922)
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Genesis of the Self and Social Control". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Objective Reality of Perspectives". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Nature of the Past". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Philosophies of Royce, James and Dewey in their American setting". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ a b c Cronk, George (2005), "George Herbert Mead", in Fieser, James; Dowden, Bradley, The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy 
^ The Mead Project at Brock University
^ Phillips, Trevor J. (2015-11-22). Tibbels, Kirkland; Patterson, John, eds. Transactionalism: An Historical and Interpretive Study (2 edition ed.). Influence Ecology. p. 54. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ a b c Desmonde, William H (2006) [1967]. "Mead, George Herbert (1863-1931)". In Borchert, Donald M. Encyclopedia of Philosophy. 6. Macmillan Reference. pp. 79–82. ISBN 0-02-865786-1. 
^ This has been a contentious issue in the burgeoning field of Human Animal Studies. For a discussion see Wilkie, R. & McKinnon, A. (2013). 'George Herbert Mead on Humans and Other Animals: Social Relations after Human-Animal Studies'. Sociological Research Online, vol 18, no. 4, 19. [8]
^ Gillespie, Alex (2006). Becoming Other: From Social Interaction to Self-Reflection. Information Age Publishing. ISBN 978-1-59311-230-1. 
^ edited, George H. Mead ;; Morris, with an introduction by Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 174–186. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Margolis, Joseph; Jacques Catudal (2001). The Quarrel between Invariance and Flux. Pennsylvania: Pennsylvania State University Press. 
^ Mead, George (1934). MIND, SELF and SOCIETY. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4. 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Position exchange: The social development of agency". 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Exchanging social positions: Enhancing intersubjective coordination within a joint task". 
^ [9] Archived June 17, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.


Further reading[edit]

Aboulafia, Mitchell (ed.) (1991) Philosophy, Social Theory, and the Thought of George Herbert Mead. SUNY Press.
Aboulafia, Mitchell (2001) The Cosmopolitan Self: George Herbert Mead and Continental Philosophy. University of Illinois Press.
Blumer, H. & Morrione, T.J. (2004) George Herbert Mead and Human Conduct. New York: Altamira Press.
Conesa-Sevilla, J. (2005). The Realm of Continued Emergence: The Semiotics of George Herbert Mead and its Implications to Biosemiotics, Semiotics Matrix Theory, and Ecological Ethics. Sign Systems Studies, September, 2005, Tartu University, Estonia.
Gillespie, A. (2005) "G.H. Mead: Theorist of the social act," [10] Journal for the Theory of Social Behaviour 35: 19-39.
Gillespie, A. (2006). Games and the development of perspective taking [11]. Human Development, 49, 87-92.
Joas, Hans (1985) G.H. Mead: A Contemporary Re-examination of His Thought. MIT Press.
Habermas, Jürgen (1992) "Individuation through socialization: On George Herbert Mead’s theory of socialization," in Habermas, Postmetaphysical Thinking, translated by William Mark Hohengarten. MIT Press.
Honneth, Axel (1996) "Recognition and socialization: Mead's naturalistic transformation of Hegel's idea," in Honneth, Struggle for Recognition: The Moral Grammar of Social Conflicts, translated by Joel Anderson. MIT Press.
Lewis, J.D. (1979) "A social behaviorist interpretation of the Meadian 'I'," American Journal of Sociology 85: 261-287.
Lundgren, D.C. (2004) "Social feedback and self-appraisals: Current status of the Mead-Cooley hypothesis," Symbolic Interaction 27: 267-286.
Miller, David L. (1973) G.H. Mead: Self, Language and the World. University of Chicago Press.
Sánchez de la Yncera, Ignacio (1994) La Mirada Reflexiva de G.H. Mead. Centro de Investigaciones Sociológicas.
Shalin, Dmitri (1988) "G. H. Mead, socialism, and the progressive agenda," American Journal of Sociology 93: 913-951.
Silva, F. C. (2007) G.H. Mead. A Critical Introduction. Cambridge: Polity Press.
Silva, F. C. (2008) Mead and Modernity. Science, Selfhood and Democratic Politics. Lanham: Lexington Books.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Herbert Mead



Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy: "George Herbert Mead"—by George Cronk.
Mead Project 2.0. Mead's published and unpublished writings, many of which are available online, along with others'.
Review materials for studying George Herbert Mead
The Social Self - by George Herbert Mead (1913)
George Herbert Mead by Mitchell Aboulafia - Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Works by George Herbert Mead at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about George Herbert Mead at Internet Archive
Works by George Herbert Mead at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36980050
LCCN: n50013667
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2025
GND: 118579770
SELIBR: 251039
SUDOC: 031673805
BNF: cb12284412h (data)
NLA: 35343805
NDL: 00471458
NKC: jn20000701201
BNE: XX861922










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Herbert_Mead&oldid=787298146"					
Categories: 1863 births1931 deathsPeople from South Hadley, Massachusetts20th-century American philosophersAmerican psychologistsAmerican sociologistsSocial psychologistsPragmatistsLabeling theoryCommunication scholarsSocial philosophersPhilosophers of sciencePhilosophers of social sciencePhilosophical anthropologyPhilosophers of historyProcess theoryOberlin College alumniHarvard University alumniUniversity of Michigan facultyUniversity of Chicago facultyWhitney family of ConnecticutHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra textWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


Bân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어IdoÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаلۊری شومالیLatviešuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 June 2017, at 16:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Herbert Mead - Wikipedia






















 






George Herbert Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from George H. Mead)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named George Mead, see George Mead (disambiguation).


George H. Mead



George H. Mead.



Born
(1863-02-27)February 27, 1863
South Hadley, Massachusetts


Died
April 26, 1931(1931-04-26) (aged 68)
Chicago, Illinois


Alma mater
Oberlin College
Harvard University





Era
20th-century philosophy


Region
Western Philosophy


School
Pragmatism


Institutions
University of Michigan
University of Chicago




Influenced


Herbert Blumer
Jürgen Habermas
John Dewey
Eugene Halton
Charles W. Morris









George Herbert Mead (February 27, 1863 – April 26, 1931) was an American philosopher, sociologist and psychologist, primarily affiliated with the University of Chicago, where he was one of several distinguished pragmatists. He is regarded as one of the founders of social psychology and of what has come to be referred to as the Chicago sociological tradition.



Contents


1 Biography
2 Writings
3 Pragmatism and symbolic interaction
4 Social philosophy (behaviorism)
5 Nature of the self
6 Philosophy of science
7 Play and game and the generalized other
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 Notes and references
11 Further reading
12 External links



Biography[edit]
Mead was born February 27, 1863 in South Hadley, Massachusetts. He was raised in a Protestant, middle-class family comprising his father, Hiram Mead, his mother, Elizabeth Storrs (Billings) Mead, and his sister Alice. His father was a former Congregationalist Pastor from a lineage of farmers and clergymen and who later held the chair in Sacred Rhetoric and Pastoral Theology at Oberlin College’s theological seminary. Elizabeth Storrs Mead taught for two years at Oberlin College and subsequently, from 1890 to 1900, served as president of Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts.[1] In 1879, George Mead enrolled at Oberlin College, graduating in 1883 with a BA degree. After graduation, Mead taught grade school for about four months. For the following three years, he worked as a surveyor for the Wisconsin Central Railroad Company.
In autumn 1887, Mead enrolled at Harvard University, where his main interests were philosophy and psychology. At Harvard, Mead studied with Josiah Royce, a major influence upon his thought, and William James, whose children he tutored. In 1888, Mead left Harvard after receiving only a B.A. and moved to Leipzig, Germany to study with psychologist Wilhelm Wundt, from whom he learned the concept of "the gesture," a concept central to his later work.
In 1891 he married Helen Kingsbury Castle (1860–1929), the sister of Henry Northrup Castle (1862–1895), a friend he met at Oberlin.[2] Despite never finishing his dissertation, Mead was able to obtain a post at the University of Michigan in 1891. At the University of Michigan, Mead met Charles H. Cooley and John Dewey, both of whom would influence him greatly.[3] In 1894 Mead moved, along with Dewey, to the University of Chicago, where he taught until his death. Dewey's influence led Mead into educational theory, but his thinking soon diverged from that of Dewey, and developed into his famous psychological theories of mind, self and society.[4]:352–353
No detached philosopher, he was active in Chicago's social and political affairs; among his many activities include his work for the City Club of Chicago. He believed that science could be used to deal with social problems and played a key role in conducting research at the settlement house in Chicago.[4]:353[5] He also worked as treasurer for Chicago's Hull House.[6][7] Mead died of heart failure on April 26, 1931.
Writings[edit]
In a career spanning more than 40 years, Mead wrote almost constantly and published numerous articles and book reviews in both philosophy and psychology. However, he did not publish any books. Following his death, several of his students put together and edited four volumes from records of Mead's social psychology course at the University of Chicago, his lecture notes, and his numerous unpublished papers. The four volumes are: Mead's 1930 Carus Lectures, edited by Charles W. Morris; The Philosophy of the Present (1932), edited by Arthur E. Murphy; Mind, Self and Society (1934), edited by Charles W. Morris; Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century (1936), edited by Merritt H. Moore; and The Philosophy of the Act (1938).
Most notable among Mead's published papers are “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900);[8] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910);[9] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910);[10] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness” (1912);[11] “The Social Self” (1913);[12] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker”(1917);[13] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922);[14] “The Genesis of Self and Social Control” [15] (1925); “The Objective Reality of Perspectives” [16] (1926);”The Nature of the Past” [17] (1929); and “The Philosophies of Royce, James, and Dewey in Their American Setting” [18] (1929).
In his lifetime, Mead published around 100 scholarly articles, reviews, and incidental pieces. Given their diverse nature, access to these writings is difficult. The first editorial efforts to change this situation date from the 1960s. In 1964, Andrew J. Reck collected twenty-five of Mead’s published articles in Selected Writings: George Herbert Mead. Bobbs-Merrill, The Liberal Arts Press. 1964. [19] Four years later, John W. Petras published George Herbert Mead. Essays on his Social Psychology, a collection of fifteen articles that included previously unpublished manuscripts.
More recently, Mary Jo Deegan published Essays in Social Psychology (2001), a book project originally abandoned by Mead in the early 1910s. In 2010, Filipe Carreira da Silva edited the G.H. Mead. A Reader, the most comprehensive collection to date. It includes thirty of Mead’s most important articles, ten of which previously unpublished.
The Mead Project[20] at Brock University in Ontario intends to publish all of Mead's 80-odd remaining unpublished manuscripts.
Pragmatism and symbolic interaction[edit]
Much of Mead's work focused on the development of the self and the objectivity of the world within the social realm: he insisted that "the individual mind can exist only in relation to other minds with shared meanings" (Mead 1982: 5).
The two most important roots of Mead's work, and of symbolic interactionism in general, are the philosophy of pragmatism and social (as opposed to psychological) behaviorism (i.e.: Mead was concerned with the stimuli of gestures and social objects with rich meanings rather than bare physical objects which psychological behaviourists considered stimuli). Pragmatism is a wide-ranging philosophical position from which several aspects of Mead's influences can be identified.
There are four main tenets of pragmatism (see Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy): First, to pragmatists true reality does not exist "out there" in the real world, it "is actively created as we act in and toward the world." Second, people remember and base their knowledge of the world on what has been useful to them and are likely to alter what no longer "works." Third, people define the social and physical "objects" they encounter in the world according to their use for them. Lastly, if we want to understand actors, we must base that understanding on what people actually do. Three of these ideas are critical to symbolic interactionism:

the focus on the interaction between the actor and the world
a view of both the actor and the world as dynamic processes and not static structures and
the actor's ability to interpret the social world.

Thus, to Mead and symbolic interactionists, consciousness is not separated from action and interaction, but is an integral part of both. Symbolic interactionism as a pragmatic philosophy was an antecedent to the philosophy of transactionalism.[21]
Mead's theories in part, based on pragmatism and behaviorism, were transmitted to many graduate students at the University of Chicago who then went on to establish symbolic interactionism.[4]:347–350
Social philosophy (behaviorism)[edit]
Mead was a very important figure in 20th century social philosophy. One of his most influential ideas was the emergence of mind and self from the communication process between organisms, discussed in Mind, Self and Society, also known as social behaviorism.[22] This concept of how the mind and self emerge from the social process of communication by signs founded the symbolic interactionist school of sociology. Rooted intellectually in Hegelian dialectics and process philosophy, Mead, like Dewey, developed a more materialist process philosophy that was based upon human action and specifically communicative action. Human activity is, in a pragmatic sense, the criterion of truth, and through human activity meaning is made. Joint activity, including communicative activity, is the means through which our sense of self is constituted. The essence of Mead's social behaviorism is that mind is not a substance located in some transcendent realm, nor is it merely a series of events that takes place within the human physiological structure. This approach opposed the traditional view of the mind as separate from the body. The emergence of mind is contingent upon interaction between the human organism and its social environment; it is through participation in the social act of communication that individuals realize their potential for significantly symbolic behavior, that is, thought. Mind, in Mead’s terms, is the individualized focus of the communication process. It is linguistic behavior on the part of the individual. There is, then, no “mind or thought without language;” and language (the content of mind) “is only a development and product of social interaction” (Mind, Self and Society 191-192). Thus, mind is not reducible to the neurophysiology of the organic individual, but is emergent in “the dynamic, ongoing social process” that constitutes human experience (Mind, Self and Society 7).[19]
For Mead, mind arises out of the social act of communication. Mead’s concept of the social act is relevant, not only to his theory of mind, but to all facets of his social philosophy. His theory of “mind, self, and society” is, in effect, a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of a social process involving the interaction of many individuals, just as his theory of knowledge and value is a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of the experiencing individual in interaction with an environment.[19] Action is very important to his social theory and, according to Mead, actions also occur within a communicative process. The initial phase of an act constitutes a gesture. A gesture is a preparatory movement that enables other individuals to become aware of the intentions of the given organism. The rudimentary situation is a conversation of gestures, in which a gesture on the part of the first individual evokes a preparatory movement on the part of the second, and the gesture of the second organism in turn calls out a response in the first person. On this level no communication occurs. Neither organism is aware of the effect of its own gestures upon the other; the gestures are nonsignificant. For communication to take place, each organism must have knowledge of how the other individual will respond to his own ongoing act. Here the gestures are significant symbols.[22] A significant symbol is a kind of gesture that only humans can make.[23] Gestures become significant symbols when they arouse in the individual who is making them the same kind of response they are supposed to elicit from those to whom the gestures are addressed. Only when we have significant symbols can we truly have communication.[4]:356–357 Mead grounded human perception in an "action-nexus" (Joas 1985: 148). We perceive the world in terms of the “means of living” (Mead 1982: 120). To perceive food, is to perceive eating. To perceive a house, is to perceive shelter. That is to say, perception is in terms of action. Mead's theory of perception is similar to that of J. J. Gibson.
Mead the social psychologist argued in tune with Durkheim that the individual is a product of an ongoing, preexisting society, or more specifically, social interaction that is a consequence of a sui generis society. The self arises when the individual becomes an object to themselves. Mead argued that we are objects first to other people, and secondarily we become objects to ourselves by taking the perspective of other people. Language enables us to talk about ourselves in the same way as we talk about other people, and thus through language we become other to ourselves.[24] In joint activity, which Mead called 'social acts', humans learn to see themselves from the standpoint of their co-actors. A central mechanism within the social act, which enables perspective taking, is position exchange. People within a social act often alternate social positions (e.g., giving/receiving, asking/helping, winning/losing, hiding/seeking, talking/listening). In children's games there is repeated position exchange, for example in hide-and-seek, and Mead argued that this is one of the main ways that perspective taking develops.
However, for Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, the key is not simply human action, but rather social action. In humans the "manipulatory phase of the act" is socially mediated, that is to say, in acting towards objects humans simultaneously take the perspectives of others towards that object. This is what Mead means by "the social act" as opposed to simply "the act" (the latter being a Deweyan concept). Non-human animals also manipulate objects, but that is a non-social manipulation, they do not take the perspective of other organisms toward the object. Humans on the other hand, take the perspective of other actors towards objects, and this is what enables complex human society and subtle social coordination. In the social act of economic exchange, for example, both buyer and seller must take each other's perspectives towards the object being exchanged. The seller must recognize the value for the buyer, while the buyer must recognize the desirability of money for the seller. Only with this mutual perspective taking can the economic exchange occur (Mead was influenced on this point by Adam Smith).
Nature of the self[edit]
A final piece of Mead's social theory is the mind as the individual importation of the social process.[25] Mead states, "The self is a social process," meaning that there are series of actions that go on in the mind to help formulate one's complete self. As previously discussed, Mead presented the self and the mind in terms of a social process. As gestures are taken in by the individual organism, the individual organism also takes in the collective attitudes of others, in the form of gestures, and reacts accordingly with other organized attitudes.[26] This process is characterized by Mead as the "I" and the "Me". The "Me" is the social self and the "I" is the response to the "Me." In other words, the "I" is the response of an individual to the attitudes of others, while the "me" is the organized set of attitudes of others which an individual assumes.[27][28]
Mead develops William James' distinction between the "I" and the "me." The "me" is the accumulated understanding of "the generalized other" i.e. how one thinks one's group perceives oneself etc. The "I" is the individual's impulses. The "I" is self as subject; the "me" is self as object. The "I" is the knower, the "me" is the known. The mind, or stream of thought, is the self-reflective movements of the interaction between the "I" and the "me." There is neither "I" nor "me" in the conversation of gestures; the whole act is not yet carried out, but the preparation takes place in this field of gesture.[29] These dynamics go beyond selfhood in a narrow sense, and form the basis of a theory of human cognition. For Mead the thinking process is the internalized dialogue between the "I" and the "me." Mead rooted the self’s “perception and meaning” deeply and sociologically in "a common praxis of subjects" (Joas 1985: 166) found specifically in social encounters. Understood as a combination of the 'I' and the 'me', Mead’s self proves to be noticeably entwined within a sociological existence. For Mead, existence in community comes before individual consciousness. First one must participate in the different social positions within society and only subsequently can one use that experience to take the perspective of others and thus become self-conscious.
Philosophy of science[edit]
Mead is a major American philosopher by virtue of being, along with John Dewey, Charles Peirce and William James, one of the founders of pragmatism. He also made significant contributions to the philosophies of nature, science, and history, to philosophical anthropology, and to process philosophy. Dewey and Alfred North Whitehead considered Mead a thinker of the first rank. He is a classic example of a social theorist whose work does not fit easily within conventional disciplinary boundaries.
As far as his work on the philosophy of science, Mead sought to find the psychological origin of science in the efforts of individuals to attain power over their environment. The notion of a physical object arises out of manipulatory experience. There is a social relation to inanimate objects, for the organism takes the role of things that it manipulates directly, or that it manipulates indirectly in perception. For example, in taking (introjecting or imitating) the resistant role of a solid object, an individual obtains cognition of what is "inside" nonliving things. Historically, the concept of the physical object arose from an animistic conception of the universe.
Contact experience includes experiences of position, balance, and support, and these are used by the organism when it creates its conceptions of the physical world. Our scientific concepts of space, time, and mass are abstracted from manipulatory experience. Such concepts as that of the electron are also derived from manipulation. In developing a science we construct hypothetical objects in order to assist ourselves in controlling nature. The conception of the present as a distinct unit of experience, rather than as a process of becoming and disappearing, is a scientific fiction devised to facilitate exact measurement. In the scientific worldview immediate experience is replaced by theoretical constructs. The ultimate in experience, however, is the manipulation and contact at the completion of an act.[22]
Play and game and the generalized other[edit]
Mead theorized that human beings begin their understanding of the social world through "play" and "game". "Play" comes first in the child's development. The child takes different roles he/she observes in "adult" society, and plays them out to gain an understanding of the different social roles. For instance, he first plays the role of policeman and then the role of thief while playing "Cops and Robbers," and plays the role of doctor and patient when playing "Doctor." As a result of such play, the child learns to become both subject and object and begins to become able to build a self. However, it is a limited self because the child can only take the role of distinct and separate others, they still lack a more general and organized sense of themselves.[4]:360
In the next stage, the game stage, it is required that a person develop a full sense of self. Whereas in the play stage the child takes on the role of distinct others, in the game stage the child must take the role of everyone else involved in the game. Furthermore, these roles must have a definite relationship to one another. To illustrate the game stage, Mead gives his famous example of a baseball game:

But in a game where a number of individuals are involved, then the child taking one role must be ready to take the role of everyone else. If he gets in a ball nine he must have the responses of each position involved in his own position. He must know what everyone else is going to do in order to carry out his own play. He has to take all of these roles. They do not all have to be present in consciousness at the same time, but at some moments he has to have three or four individuals present in his own attitude, such as the one who is going to throw the ball, the one who is going to catch it and so on. These responses must be, in some degree, present in his own make-up. In the game, then, there is a set of responses of such others so organized that the attitude of one calls out the appropriate attitudes of the other. (Mead, 1934/1962:151)

In the game stage, organization begins and definite personalities start to emerge. Children begin to become able to function in organized groups and most importantly, to determine what they will do within a specific group.[4]:360–361 Mead calls this the child's first encounter with "the generalized other", which is one of the main concepts Mead proposes for understanding the emergence of the (social) self in human beings. "The generalized other" can be thought of as understanding the given activity and the actors' place within the activity from the perspective of all the others engaged in the activity. Through understanding "the generalized other" the individual understands what kind of behavior is expected, appropriate and so on, in different social settings.
How does perspective taking occur according to Mead? It has been argued that social acts (such as games and routine forms of social interaction) enable perspective taking through 'position exchange'.[30] Assuming that games and routine social acts have differentiated social positions, and that these positions create our cognitive perspectives, then it might be that by moving between roles in a game (e.g. between hiding and seeking or buying and selling) we come to learn about the perspective of the other. This new interpretation of Mead's account of taking the perspective of the other has experimental support.[31]
Bibliography[edit]

1932. The Philosophy of the Present. Open Court Publishing.
1934. Mind, Self, and Society. Ed. by Charles W. Morris. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4
1936. Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century. Ed. by C. W. Morris. University of Chicago Press.
1938. The Philosophy of the Act. Ed. by C.W. Morris et al. University of Chicago Press.
1964. Selected Writings. Ed. by A. J. Reck. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51671-4 This volume collects articles Mead himself prepared for publication.
1982. The Individual and the Social Self: Unpublished Essays by G. H. Mead. Ed. by David L. Miller. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-608-09479-3
2001. Essays in Social Psychology. Ed. by M. J. Deegan. Transaction Books. (Book review [32])
2011. G.H. Mead. A Reader. Ed. by F.C. Silva. Routledge.

See also[edit]


James Mark Baldwin
Lev Vygotsky
Chicago School (sociology)


Notes and references[edit]


^ Baldwin, John (2009). George Herbert Mead. Sage. p. 7. ISBN 0-8039-2320-1. 
^ Cook, Gary A. (1993). George Herbert Mead: the making of a social pragmatist. University of Illinois Press. p. 4. ISBN 978-0-252-06272-8. 
^ Miller, David (2009). George Herbert Mead: Self, Language, and the World. University of Texas Press. pp. xii–xix. ISBN 0-292-72700-3. 
^ a b c d e f Ritzer, George (2008). Sociological Theory. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-07-352818-2. 
^ George H. Mead (1907). "The Social Settlement: Its basis and function". University of Chicago Record: 108–110. 
^ Ritzer, George (2004). Encyclopedia of Social Theory. Thousand Oaks, California: SAGE Publications. p. 491. ISBN 0-7619-2611-9. 
^ "George Herbert Mead, Philosophy". www.lib.uchicago.edu. Retrieved 2016-02-10. 
^ [1] “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900)
^ [2] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910)
^ [3] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910)
^ [4] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness”
^ [5] “The Social Self” (1913)
^ [6] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker” (1917)
^ [7] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922)
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Genesis of the Self and Social Control". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Objective Reality of Perspectives". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Nature of the Past". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Philosophies of Royce, James and Dewey in their American setting". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ a b c Cronk, George (2005), "George Herbert Mead", in Fieser, James; Dowden, Bradley, The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy 
^ The Mead Project at Brock University
^ Phillips, Trevor J. (2015-11-22). Tibbels, Kirkland; Patterson, John, eds. Transactionalism: An Historical and Interpretive Study (2 edition ed.). Influence Ecology. p. 54. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ a b c Desmonde, William H (2006) [1967]. "Mead, George Herbert (1863-1931)". In Borchert, Donald M. Encyclopedia of Philosophy. 6. Macmillan Reference. pp. 79–82. ISBN 0-02-865786-1. 
^ This has been a contentious issue in the burgeoning field of Human Animal Studies. For a discussion see Wilkie, R. & McKinnon, A. (2013). 'George Herbert Mead on Humans and Other Animals: Social Relations after Human-Animal Studies'. Sociological Research Online, vol 18, no. 4, 19. [8]
^ Gillespie, Alex (2006). Becoming Other: From Social Interaction to Self-Reflection. Information Age Publishing. ISBN 978-1-59311-230-1. 
^ edited, George H. Mead ;; Morris, with an introduction by Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 174–186. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Margolis, Joseph; Jacques Catudal (2001). The Quarrel between Invariance and Flux. Pennsylvania: Pennsylvania State University Press. 
^ Mead, George (1934). MIND, SELF and SOCIETY. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4. 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Position exchange: The social development of agency". 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Exchanging social positions: Enhancing intersubjective coordination within a joint task". 
^ [9] Archived June 17, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.


Further reading[edit]

Aboulafia, Mitchell (ed.) (1991) Philosophy, Social Theory, and the Thought of George Herbert Mead. SUNY Press.
Aboulafia, Mitchell (2001) The Cosmopolitan Self: George Herbert Mead and Continental Philosophy. University of Illinois Press.
Blumer, H. & Morrione, T.J. (2004) George Herbert Mead and Human Conduct. New York: Altamira Press.
Conesa-Sevilla, J. (2005). The Realm of Continued Emergence: The Semiotics of George Herbert Mead and its Implications to Biosemiotics, Semiotics Matrix Theory, and Ecological Ethics. Sign Systems Studies, September, 2005, Tartu University, Estonia.
Gillespie, A. (2005) "G.H. Mead: Theorist of the social act," [10] Journal for the Theory of Social Behaviour 35: 19-39.
Gillespie, A. (2006). Games and the development of perspective taking [11]. Human Development, 49, 87-92.
Joas, Hans (1985) G.H. Mead: A Contemporary Re-examination of His Thought. MIT Press.
Habermas, Jürgen (1992) "Individuation through socialization: On George Herbert Mead’s theory of socialization," in Habermas, Postmetaphysical Thinking, translated by William Mark Hohengarten. MIT Press.
Honneth, Axel (1996) "Recognition and socialization: Mead's naturalistic transformation of Hegel's idea," in Honneth, Struggle for Recognition: The Moral Grammar of Social Conflicts, translated by Joel Anderson. MIT Press.
Lewis, J.D. (1979) "A social behaviorist interpretation of the Meadian 'I'," American Journal of Sociology 85: 261-287.
Lundgren, D.C. (2004) "Social feedback and self-appraisals: Current status of the Mead-Cooley hypothesis," Symbolic Interaction 27: 267-286.
Miller, David L. (1973) G.H. Mead: Self, Language and the World. University of Chicago Press.
Sánchez de la Yncera, Ignacio (1994) La Mirada Reflexiva de G.H. Mead. Centro de Investigaciones Sociológicas.
Shalin, Dmitri (1988) "G. H. Mead, socialism, and the progressive agenda," American Journal of Sociology 93: 913-951.
Silva, F. C. (2007) G.H. Mead. A Critical Introduction. Cambridge: Polity Press.
Silva, F. C. (2008) Mead and Modernity. Science, Selfhood and Democratic Politics. Lanham: Lexington Books.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Herbert Mead



Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy: "George Herbert Mead"—by George Cronk.
Mead Project 2.0. Mead's published and unpublished writings, many of which are available online, along with others'.
Review materials for studying George Herbert Mead
The Social Self - by George Herbert Mead (1913)
George Herbert Mead by Mitchell Aboulafia - Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Works by George Herbert Mead at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about George Herbert Mead at Internet Archive
Works by George Herbert Mead at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36980050
LCCN: n50013667
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2025
GND: 118579770
SELIBR: 251039
SUDOC: 031673805
BNF: cb12284412h (data)
NLA: 35343805
NDL: 00471458
NKC: jn20000701201
BNE: XX861922










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Herbert_Mead&oldid=787298146"					
Categories: 1863 births1931 deathsPeople from South Hadley, Massachusetts20th-century American philosophersAmerican psychologistsAmerican sociologistsSocial psychologistsPragmatistsLabeling theoryCommunication scholarsSocial philosophersPhilosophers of sciencePhilosophers of social sciencePhilosophical anthropologyPhilosophers of historyProcess theoryOberlin College alumniHarvard University alumniUniversity of Michigan facultyUniversity of Chicago facultyWhitney family of ConnecticutHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra textWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


Bân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어IdoÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаلۊری شومالیLatviešuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 June 2017, at 16:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Herbert Mead - Wikipedia






















 






George Herbert Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from George H. Mead)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named George Mead, see George Mead (disambiguation).


George H. Mead



George H. Mead.



Born
(1863-02-27)February 27, 1863
South Hadley, Massachusetts


Died
April 26, 1931(1931-04-26) (aged 68)
Chicago, Illinois


Alma mater
Oberlin College
Harvard University





Era
20th-century philosophy


Region
Western Philosophy


School
Pragmatism


Institutions
University of Michigan
University of Chicago




Influenced


Herbert Blumer
Jürgen Habermas
John Dewey
Eugene Halton
Charles W. Morris









George Herbert Mead (February 27, 1863 – April 26, 1931) was an American philosopher, sociologist and psychologist, primarily affiliated with the University of Chicago, where he was one of several distinguished pragmatists. He is regarded as one of the founders of social psychology and of what has come to be referred to as the Chicago sociological tradition.



Contents


1 Biography
2 Writings
3 Pragmatism and symbolic interaction
4 Social philosophy (behaviorism)
5 Nature of the self
6 Philosophy of science
7 Play and game and the generalized other
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 Notes and references
11 Further reading
12 External links



Biography[edit]
Mead was born February 27, 1863 in South Hadley, Massachusetts. He was raised in a Protestant, middle-class family comprising his father, Hiram Mead, his mother, Elizabeth Storrs (Billings) Mead, and his sister Alice. His father was a former Congregationalist Pastor from a lineage of farmers and clergymen and who later held the chair in Sacred Rhetoric and Pastoral Theology at Oberlin College’s theological seminary. Elizabeth Storrs Mead taught for two years at Oberlin College and subsequently, from 1890 to 1900, served as president of Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts.[1] In 1879, George Mead enrolled at Oberlin College, graduating in 1883 with a BA degree. After graduation, Mead taught grade school for about four months. For the following three years, he worked as a surveyor for the Wisconsin Central Railroad Company.
In autumn 1887, Mead enrolled at Harvard University, where his main interests were philosophy and psychology. At Harvard, Mead studied with Josiah Royce, a major influence upon his thought, and William James, whose children he tutored. In 1888, Mead left Harvard after receiving only a B.A. and moved to Leipzig, Germany to study with psychologist Wilhelm Wundt, from whom he learned the concept of "the gesture," a concept central to his later work.
In 1891 he married Helen Kingsbury Castle (1860–1929), the sister of Henry Northrup Castle (1862–1895), a friend he met at Oberlin.[2] Despite never finishing his dissertation, Mead was able to obtain a post at the University of Michigan in 1891. At the University of Michigan, Mead met Charles H. Cooley and John Dewey, both of whom would influence him greatly.[3] In 1894 Mead moved, along with Dewey, to the University of Chicago, where he taught until his death. Dewey's influence led Mead into educational theory, but his thinking soon diverged from that of Dewey, and developed into his famous psychological theories of mind, self and society.[4]:352–353
No detached philosopher, he was active in Chicago's social and political affairs; among his many activities include his work for the City Club of Chicago. He believed that science could be used to deal with social problems and played a key role in conducting research at the settlement house in Chicago.[4]:353[5] He also worked as treasurer for Chicago's Hull House.[6][7] Mead died of heart failure on April 26, 1931.
Writings[edit]
In a career spanning more than 40 years, Mead wrote almost constantly and published numerous articles and book reviews in both philosophy and psychology. However, he did not publish any books. Following his death, several of his students put together and edited four volumes from records of Mead's social psychology course at the University of Chicago, his lecture notes, and his numerous unpublished papers. The four volumes are: Mead's 1930 Carus Lectures, edited by Charles W. Morris; The Philosophy of the Present (1932), edited by Arthur E. Murphy; Mind, Self and Society (1934), edited by Charles W. Morris; Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century (1936), edited by Merritt H. Moore; and The Philosophy of the Act (1938).
Most notable among Mead's published papers are “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900);[8] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910);[9] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910);[10] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness” (1912);[11] “The Social Self” (1913);[12] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker”(1917);[13] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922);[14] “The Genesis of Self and Social Control” [15] (1925); “The Objective Reality of Perspectives” [16] (1926);”The Nature of the Past” [17] (1929); and “The Philosophies of Royce, James, and Dewey in Their American Setting” [18] (1929).
In his lifetime, Mead published around 100 scholarly articles, reviews, and incidental pieces. Given their diverse nature, access to these writings is difficult. The first editorial efforts to change this situation date from the 1960s. In 1964, Andrew J. Reck collected twenty-five of Mead’s published articles in Selected Writings: George Herbert Mead. Bobbs-Merrill, The Liberal Arts Press. 1964. [19] Four years later, John W. Petras published George Herbert Mead. Essays on his Social Psychology, a collection of fifteen articles that included previously unpublished manuscripts.
More recently, Mary Jo Deegan published Essays in Social Psychology (2001), a book project originally abandoned by Mead in the early 1910s. In 2010, Filipe Carreira da Silva edited the G.H. Mead. A Reader, the most comprehensive collection to date. It includes thirty of Mead’s most important articles, ten of which previously unpublished.
The Mead Project[20] at Brock University in Ontario intends to publish all of Mead's 80-odd remaining unpublished manuscripts.
Pragmatism and symbolic interaction[edit]
Much of Mead's work focused on the development of the self and the objectivity of the world within the social realm: he insisted that "the individual mind can exist only in relation to other minds with shared meanings" (Mead 1982: 5).
The two most important roots of Mead's work, and of symbolic interactionism in general, are the philosophy of pragmatism and social (as opposed to psychological) behaviorism (i.e.: Mead was concerned with the stimuli of gestures and social objects with rich meanings rather than bare physical objects which psychological behaviourists considered stimuli). Pragmatism is a wide-ranging philosophical position from which several aspects of Mead's influences can be identified.
There are four main tenets of pragmatism (see Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy): First, to pragmatists true reality does not exist "out there" in the real world, it "is actively created as we act in and toward the world." Second, people remember and base their knowledge of the world on what has been useful to them and are likely to alter what no longer "works." Third, people define the social and physical "objects" they encounter in the world according to their use for them. Lastly, if we want to understand actors, we must base that understanding on what people actually do. Three of these ideas are critical to symbolic interactionism:

the focus on the interaction between the actor and the world
a view of both the actor and the world as dynamic processes and not static structures and
the actor's ability to interpret the social world.

Thus, to Mead and symbolic interactionists, consciousness is not separated from action and interaction, but is an integral part of both. Symbolic interactionism as a pragmatic philosophy was an antecedent to the philosophy of transactionalism.[21]
Mead's theories in part, based on pragmatism and behaviorism, were transmitted to many graduate students at the University of Chicago who then went on to establish symbolic interactionism.[4]:347–350
Social philosophy (behaviorism)[edit]
Mead was a very important figure in 20th century social philosophy. One of his most influential ideas was the emergence of mind and self from the communication process between organisms, discussed in Mind, Self and Society, also known as social behaviorism.[22] This concept of how the mind and self emerge from the social process of communication by signs founded the symbolic interactionist school of sociology. Rooted intellectually in Hegelian dialectics and process philosophy, Mead, like Dewey, developed a more materialist process philosophy that was based upon human action and specifically communicative action. Human activity is, in a pragmatic sense, the criterion of truth, and through human activity meaning is made. Joint activity, including communicative activity, is the means through which our sense of self is constituted. The essence of Mead's social behaviorism is that mind is not a substance located in some transcendent realm, nor is it merely a series of events that takes place within the human physiological structure. This approach opposed the traditional view of the mind as separate from the body. The emergence of mind is contingent upon interaction between the human organism and its social environment; it is through participation in the social act of communication that individuals realize their potential for significantly symbolic behavior, that is, thought. Mind, in Mead’s terms, is the individualized focus of the communication process. It is linguistic behavior on the part of the individual. There is, then, no “mind or thought without language;” and language (the content of mind) “is only a development and product of social interaction” (Mind, Self and Society 191-192). Thus, mind is not reducible to the neurophysiology of the organic individual, but is emergent in “the dynamic, ongoing social process” that constitutes human experience (Mind, Self and Society 7).[19]
For Mead, mind arises out of the social act of communication. Mead’s concept of the social act is relevant, not only to his theory of mind, but to all facets of his social philosophy. His theory of “mind, self, and society” is, in effect, a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of a social process involving the interaction of many individuals, just as his theory of knowledge and value is a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of the experiencing individual in interaction with an environment.[19] Action is very important to his social theory and, according to Mead, actions also occur within a communicative process. The initial phase of an act constitutes a gesture. A gesture is a preparatory movement that enables other individuals to become aware of the intentions of the given organism. The rudimentary situation is a conversation of gestures, in which a gesture on the part of the first individual evokes a preparatory movement on the part of the second, and the gesture of the second organism in turn calls out a response in the first person. On this level no communication occurs. Neither organism is aware of the effect of its own gestures upon the other; the gestures are nonsignificant. For communication to take place, each organism must have knowledge of how the other individual will respond to his own ongoing act. Here the gestures are significant symbols.[22] A significant symbol is a kind of gesture that only humans can make.[23] Gestures become significant symbols when they arouse in the individual who is making them the same kind of response they are supposed to elicit from those to whom the gestures are addressed. Only when we have significant symbols can we truly have communication.[4]:356–357 Mead grounded human perception in an "action-nexus" (Joas 1985: 148). We perceive the world in terms of the “means of living” (Mead 1982: 120). To perceive food, is to perceive eating. To perceive a house, is to perceive shelter. That is to say, perception is in terms of action. Mead's theory of perception is similar to that of J. J. Gibson.
Mead the social psychologist argued in tune with Durkheim that the individual is a product of an ongoing, preexisting society, or more specifically, social interaction that is a consequence of a sui generis society. The self arises when the individual becomes an object to themselves. Mead argued that we are objects first to other people, and secondarily we become objects to ourselves by taking the perspective of other people. Language enables us to talk about ourselves in the same way as we talk about other people, and thus through language we become other to ourselves.[24] In joint activity, which Mead called 'social acts', humans learn to see themselves from the standpoint of their co-actors. A central mechanism within the social act, which enables perspective taking, is position exchange. People within a social act often alternate social positions (e.g., giving/receiving, asking/helping, winning/losing, hiding/seeking, talking/listening). In children's games there is repeated position exchange, for example in hide-and-seek, and Mead argued that this is one of the main ways that perspective taking develops.
However, for Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, the key is not simply human action, but rather social action. In humans the "manipulatory phase of the act" is socially mediated, that is to say, in acting towards objects humans simultaneously take the perspectives of others towards that object. This is what Mead means by "the social act" as opposed to simply "the act" (the latter being a Deweyan concept). Non-human animals also manipulate objects, but that is a non-social manipulation, they do not take the perspective of other organisms toward the object. Humans on the other hand, take the perspective of other actors towards objects, and this is what enables complex human society and subtle social coordination. In the social act of economic exchange, for example, both buyer and seller must take each other's perspectives towards the object being exchanged. The seller must recognize the value for the buyer, while the buyer must recognize the desirability of money for the seller. Only with this mutual perspective taking can the economic exchange occur (Mead was influenced on this point by Adam Smith).
Nature of the self[edit]
A final piece of Mead's social theory is the mind as the individual importation of the social process.[25] Mead states, "The self is a social process," meaning that there are series of actions that go on in the mind to help formulate one's complete self. As previously discussed, Mead presented the self and the mind in terms of a social process. As gestures are taken in by the individual organism, the individual organism also takes in the collective attitudes of others, in the form of gestures, and reacts accordingly with other organized attitudes.[26] This process is characterized by Mead as the "I" and the "Me". The "Me" is the social self and the "I" is the response to the "Me." In other words, the "I" is the response of an individual to the attitudes of others, while the "me" is the organized set of attitudes of others which an individual assumes.[27][28]
Mead develops William James' distinction between the "I" and the "me." The "me" is the accumulated understanding of "the generalized other" i.e. how one thinks one's group perceives oneself etc. The "I" is the individual's impulses. The "I" is self as subject; the "me" is self as object. The "I" is the knower, the "me" is the known. The mind, or stream of thought, is the self-reflective movements of the interaction between the "I" and the "me." There is neither "I" nor "me" in the conversation of gestures; the whole act is not yet carried out, but the preparation takes place in this field of gesture.[29] These dynamics go beyond selfhood in a narrow sense, and form the basis of a theory of human cognition. For Mead the thinking process is the internalized dialogue between the "I" and the "me." Mead rooted the self’s “perception and meaning” deeply and sociologically in "a common praxis of subjects" (Joas 1985: 166) found specifically in social encounters. Understood as a combination of the 'I' and the 'me', Mead’s self proves to be noticeably entwined within a sociological existence. For Mead, existence in community comes before individual consciousness. First one must participate in the different social positions within society and only subsequently can one use that experience to take the perspective of others and thus become self-conscious.
Philosophy of science[edit]
Mead is a major American philosopher by virtue of being, along with John Dewey, Charles Peirce and William James, one of the founders of pragmatism. He also made significant contributions to the philosophies of nature, science, and history, to philosophical anthropology, and to process philosophy. Dewey and Alfred North Whitehead considered Mead a thinker of the first rank. He is a classic example of a social theorist whose work does not fit easily within conventional disciplinary boundaries.
As far as his work on the philosophy of science, Mead sought to find the psychological origin of science in the efforts of individuals to attain power over their environment. The notion of a physical object arises out of manipulatory experience. There is a social relation to inanimate objects, for the organism takes the role of things that it manipulates directly, or that it manipulates indirectly in perception. For example, in taking (introjecting or imitating) the resistant role of a solid object, an individual obtains cognition of what is "inside" nonliving things. Historically, the concept of the physical object arose from an animistic conception of the universe.
Contact experience includes experiences of position, balance, and support, and these are used by the organism when it creates its conceptions of the physical world. Our scientific concepts of space, time, and mass are abstracted from manipulatory experience. Such concepts as that of the electron are also derived from manipulation. In developing a science we construct hypothetical objects in order to assist ourselves in controlling nature. The conception of the present as a distinct unit of experience, rather than as a process of becoming and disappearing, is a scientific fiction devised to facilitate exact measurement. In the scientific worldview immediate experience is replaced by theoretical constructs. The ultimate in experience, however, is the manipulation and contact at the completion of an act.[22]
Play and game and the generalized other[edit]
Mead theorized that human beings begin their understanding of the social world through "play" and "game". "Play" comes first in the child's development. The child takes different roles he/she observes in "adult" society, and plays them out to gain an understanding of the different social roles. For instance, he first plays the role of policeman and then the role of thief while playing "Cops and Robbers," and plays the role of doctor and patient when playing "Doctor." As a result of such play, the child learns to become both subject and object and begins to become able to build a self. However, it is a limited self because the child can only take the role of distinct and separate others, they still lack a more general and organized sense of themselves.[4]:360
In the next stage, the game stage, it is required that a person develop a full sense of self. Whereas in the play stage the child takes on the role of distinct others, in the game stage the child must take the role of everyone else involved in the game. Furthermore, these roles must have a definite relationship to one another. To illustrate the game stage, Mead gives his famous example of a baseball game:

But in a game where a number of individuals are involved, then the child taking one role must be ready to take the role of everyone else. If he gets in a ball nine he must have the responses of each position involved in his own position. He must know what everyone else is going to do in order to carry out his own play. He has to take all of these roles. They do not all have to be present in consciousness at the same time, but at some moments he has to have three or four individuals present in his own attitude, such as the one who is going to throw the ball, the one who is going to catch it and so on. These responses must be, in some degree, present in his own make-up. In the game, then, there is a set of responses of such others so organized that the attitude of one calls out the appropriate attitudes of the other. (Mead, 1934/1962:151)

In the game stage, organization begins and definite personalities start to emerge. Children begin to become able to function in organized groups and most importantly, to determine what they will do within a specific group.[4]:360–361 Mead calls this the child's first encounter with "the generalized other", which is one of the main concepts Mead proposes for understanding the emergence of the (social) self in human beings. "The generalized other" can be thought of as understanding the given activity and the actors' place within the activity from the perspective of all the others engaged in the activity. Through understanding "the generalized other" the individual understands what kind of behavior is expected, appropriate and so on, in different social settings.
How does perspective taking occur according to Mead? It has been argued that social acts (such as games and routine forms of social interaction) enable perspective taking through 'position exchange'.[30] Assuming that games and routine social acts have differentiated social positions, and that these positions create our cognitive perspectives, then it might be that by moving between roles in a game (e.g. between hiding and seeking or buying and selling) we come to learn about the perspective of the other. This new interpretation of Mead's account of taking the perspective of the other has experimental support.[31]
Bibliography[edit]

1932. The Philosophy of the Present. Open Court Publishing.
1934. Mind, Self, and Society. Ed. by Charles W. Morris. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4
1936. Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century. Ed. by C. W. Morris. University of Chicago Press.
1938. The Philosophy of the Act. Ed. by C.W. Morris et al. University of Chicago Press.
1964. Selected Writings. Ed. by A. J. Reck. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51671-4 This volume collects articles Mead himself prepared for publication.
1982. The Individual and the Social Self: Unpublished Essays by G. H. Mead. Ed. by David L. Miller. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-608-09479-3
2001. Essays in Social Psychology. Ed. by M. J. Deegan. Transaction Books. (Book review [32])
2011. G.H. Mead. A Reader. Ed. by F.C. Silva. Routledge.

See also[edit]


James Mark Baldwin
Lev Vygotsky
Chicago School (sociology)


Notes and references[edit]


^ Baldwin, John (2009). George Herbert Mead. Sage. p. 7. ISBN 0-8039-2320-1. 
^ Cook, Gary A. (1993). George Herbert Mead: the making of a social pragmatist. University of Illinois Press. p. 4. ISBN 978-0-252-06272-8. 
^ Miller, David (2009). George Herbert Mead: Self, Language, and the World. University of Texas Press. pp. xii–xix. ISBN 0-292-72700-3. 
^ a b c d e f Ritzer, George (2008). Sociological Theory. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-07-352818-2. 
^ George H. Mead (1907). "The Social Settlement: Its basis and function". University of Chicago Record: 108–110. 
^ Ritzer, George (2004). Encyclopedia of Social Theory. Thousand Oaks, California: SAGE Publications. p. 491. ISBN 0-7619-2611-9. 
^ "George Herbert Mead, Philosophy". www.lib.uchicago.edu. Retrieved 2016-02-10. 
^ [1] “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900)
^ [2] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910)
^ [3] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910)
^ [4] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness”
^ [5] “The Social Self” (1913)
^ [6] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker” (1917)
^ [7] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922)
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Genesis of the Self and Social Control". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Objective Reality of Perspectives". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Nature of the Past". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Philosophies of Royce, James and Dewey in their American setting". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ a b c Cronk, George (2005), "George Herbert Mead", in Fieser, James; Dowden, Bradley, The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy 
^ The Mead Project at Brock University
^ Phillips, Trevor J. (2015-11-22). Tibbels, Kirkland; Patterson, John, eds. Transactionalism: An Historical and Interpretive Study (2 edition ed.). Influence Ecology. p. 54. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ a b c Desmonde, William H (2006) [1967]. "Mead, George Herbert (1863-1931)". In Borchert, Donald M. Encyclopedia of Philosophy. 6. Macmillan Reference. pp. 79–82. ISBN 0-02-865786-1. 
^ This has been a contentious issue in the burgeoning field of Human Animal Studies. For a discussion see Wilkie, R. & McKinnon, A. (2013). 'George Herbert Mead on Humans and Other Animals: Social Relations after Human-Animal Studies'. Sociological Research Online, vol 18, no. 4, 19. [8]
^ Gillespie, Alex (2006). Becoming Other: From Social Interaction to Self-Reflection. Information Age Publishing. ISBN 978-1-59311-230-1. 
^ edited, George H. Mead ;; Morris, with an introduction by Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 174–186. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Margolis, Joseph; Jacques Catudal (2001). The Quarrel between Invariance and Flux. Pennsylvania: Pennsylvania State University Press. 
^ Mead, George (1934). MIND, SELF and SOCIETY. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4. 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Position exchange: The social development of agency". 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Exchanging social positions: Enhancing intersubjective coordination within a joint task". 
^ [9] Archived June 17, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.


Further reading[edit]

Aboulafia, Mitchell (ed.) (1991) Philosophy, Social Theory, and the Thought of George Herbert Mead. SUNY Press.
Aboulafia, Mitchell (2001) The Cosmopolitan Self: George Herbert Mead and Continental Philosophy. University of Illinois Press.
Blumer, H. & Morrione, T.J. (2004) George Herbert Mead and Human Conduct. New York: Altamira Press.
Conesa-Sevilla, J. (2005). The Realm of Continued Emergence: The Semiotics of George Herbert Mead and its Implications to Biosemiotics, Semiotics Matrix Theory, and Ecological Ethics. Sign Systems Studies, September, 2005, Tartu University, Estonia.
Gillespie, A. (2005) "G.H. Mead: Theorist of the social act," [10] Journal for the Theory of Social Behaviour 35: 19-39.
Gillespie, A. (2006). Games and the development of perspective taking [11]. Human Development, 49, 87-92.
Joas, Hans (1985) G.H. Mead: A Contemporary Re-examination of His Thought. MIT Press.
Habermas, Jürgen (1992) "Individuation through socialization: On George Herbert Mead’s theory of socialization," in Habermas, Postmetaphysical Thinking, translated by William Mark Hohengarten. MIT Press.
Honneth, Axel (1996) "Recognition and socialization: Mead's naturalistic transformation of Hegel's idea," in Honneth, Struggle for Recognition: The Moral Grammar of Social Conflicts, translated by Joel Anderson. MIT Press.
Lewis, J.D. (1979) "A social behaviorist interpretation of the Meadian 'I'," American Journal of Sociology 85: 261-287.
Lundgren, D.C. (2004) "Social feedback and self-appraisals: Current status of the Mead-Cooley hypothesis," Symbolic Interaction 27: 267-286.
Miller, David L. (1973) G.H. Mead: Self, Language and the World. University of Chicago Press.
Sánchez de la Yncera, Ignacio (1994) La Mirada Reflexiva de G.H. Mead. Centro de Investigaciones Sociológicas.
Shalin, Dmitri (1988) "G. H. Mead, socialism, and the progressive agenda," American Journal of Sociology 93: 913-951.
Silva, F. C. (2007) G.H. Mead. A Critical Introduction. Cambridge: Polity Press.
Silva, F. C. (2008) Mead and Modernity. Science, Selfhood and Democratic Politics. Lanham: Lexington Books.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Herbert Mead



Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy: "George Herbert Mead"—by George Cronk.
Mead Project 2.0. Mead's published and unpublished writings, many of which are available online, along with others'.
Review materials for studying George Herbert Mead
The Social Self - by George Herbert Mead (1913)
George Herbert Mead by Mitchell Aboulafia - Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Works by George Herbert Mead at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about George Herbert Mead at Internet Archive
Works by George Herbert Mead at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36980050
LCCN: n50013667
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2025
GND: 118579770
SELIBR: 251039
SUDOC: 031673805
BNF: cb12284412h (data)
NLA: 35343805
NDL: 00471458
NKC: jn20000701201
BNE: XX861922










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Herbert_Mead&oldid=787298146"					
Categories: 1863 births1931 deathsPeople from South Hadley, Massachusetts20th-century American philosophersAmerican psychologistsAmerican sociologistsSocial psychologistsPragmatistsLabeling theoryCommunication scholarsSocial philosophersPhilosophers of sciencePhilosophers of social sciencePhilosophical anthropologyPhilosophers of historyProcess theoryOberlin College alumniHarvard University alumniUniversity of Michigan facultyUniversity of Chicago facultyWhitney family of ConnecticutHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra textWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


Bân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어IdoÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаلۊری شومالیLatviešuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 June 2017, at 16:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Herbert Mead - Wikipedia






















 






George Herbert Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from George H. Mead)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named George Mead, see George Mead (disambiguation).


George H. Mead



George H. Mead.



Born
(1863-02-27)February 27, 1863
South Hadley, Massachusetts


Died
April 26, 1931(1931-04-26) (aged 68)
Chicago, Illinois


Alma mater
Oberlin College
Harvard University





Era
20th-century philosophy


Region
Western Philosophy


School
Pragmatism


Institutions
University of Michigan
University of Chicago




Influenced


Herbert Blumer
Jürgen Habermas
John Dewey
Eugene Halton
Charles W. Morris









George Herbert Mead (February 27, 1863 – April 26, 1931) was an American philosopher, sociologist and psychologist, primarily affiliated with the University of Chicago, where he was one of several distinguished pragmatists. He is regarded as one of the founders of social psychology and of what has come to be referred to as the Chicago sociological tradition.



Contents


1 Biography
2 Writings
3 Pragmatism and symbolic interaction
4 Social philosophy (behaviorism)
5 Nature of the self
6 Philosophy of science
7 Play and game and the generalized other
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 Notes and references
11 Further reading
12 External links



Biography[edit]
Mead was born February 27, 1863 in South Hadley, Massachusetts. He was raised in a Protestant, middle-class family comprising his father, Hiram Mead, his mother, Elizabeth Storrs (Billings) Mead, and his sister Alice. His father was a former Congregationalist Pastor from a lineage of farmers and clergymen and who later held the chair in Sacred Rhetoric and Pastoral Theology at Oberlin College’s theological seminary. Elizabeth Storrs Mead taught for two years at Oberlin College and subsequently, from 1890 to 1900, served as president of Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts.[1] In 1879, George Mead enrolled at Oberlin College, graduating in 1883 with a BA degree. After graduation, Mead taught grade school for about four months. For the following three years, he worked as a surveyor for the Wisconsin Central Railroad Company.
In autumn 1887, Mead enrolled at Harvard University, where his main interests were philosophy and psychology. At Harvard, Mead studied with Josiah Royce, a major influence upon his thought, and William James, whose children he tutored. In 1888, Mead left Harvard after receiving only a B.A. and moved to Leipzig, Germany to study with psychologist Wilhelm Wundt, from whom he learned the concept of "the gesture," a concept central to his later work.
In 1891 he married Helen Kingsbury Castle (1860–1929), the sister of Henry Northrup Castle (1862–1895), a friend he met at Oberlin.[2] Despite never finishing his dissertation, Mead was able to obtain a post at the University of Michigan in 1891. At the University of Michigan, Mead met Charles H. Cooley and John Dewey, both of whom would influence him greatly.[3] In 1894 Mead moved, along with Dewey, to the University of Chicago, where he taught until his death. Dewey's influence led Mead into educational theory, but his thinking soon diverged from that of Dewey, and developed into his famous psychological theories of mind, self and society.[4]:352–353
No detached philosopher, he was active in Chicago's social and political affairs; among his many activities include his work for the City Club of Chicago. He believed that science could be used to deal with social problems and played a key role in conducting research at the settlement house in Chicago.[4]:353[5] He also worked as treasurer for Chicago's Hull House.[6][7] Mead died of heart failure on April 26, 1931.
Writings[edit]
In a career spanning more than 40 years, Mead wrote almost constantly and published numerous articles and book reviews in both philosophy and psychology. However, he did not publish any books. Following his death, several of his students put together and edited four volumes from records of Mead's social psychology course at the University of Chicago, his lecture notes, and his numerous unpublished papers. The four volumes are: Mead's 1930 Carus Lectures, edited by Charles W. Morris; The Philosophy of the Present (1932), edited by Arthur E. Murphy; Mind, Self and Society (1934), edited by Charles W. Morris; Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century (1936), edited by Merritt H. Moore; and The Philosophy of the Act (1938).
Most notable among Mead's published papers are “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900);[8] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910);[9] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910);[10] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness” (1912);[11] “The Social Self” (1913);[12] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker”(1917);[13] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922);[14] “The Genesis of Self and Social Control” [15] (1925); “The Objective Reality of Perspectives” [16] (1926);”The Nature of the Past” [17] (1929); and “The Philosophies of Royce, James, and Dewey in Their American Setting” [18] (1929).
In his lifetime, Mead published around 100 scholarly articles, reviews, and incidental pieces. Given their diverse nature, access to these writings is difficult. The first editorial efforts to change this situation date from the 1960s. In 1964, Andrew J. Reck collected twenty-five of Mead’s published articles in Selected Writings: George Herbert Mead. Bobbs-Merrill, The Liberal Arts Press. 1964. [19] Four years later, John W. Petras published George Herbert Mead. Essays on his Social Psychology, a collection of fifteen articles that included previously unpublished manuscripts.
More recently, Mary Jo Deegan published Essays in Social Psychology (2001), a book project originally abandoned by Mead in the early 1910s. In 2010, Filipe Carreira da Silva edited the G.H. Mead. A Reader, the most comprehensive collection to date. It includes thirty of Mead’s most important articles, ten of which previously unpublished.
The Mead Project[20] at Brock University in Ontario intends to publish all of Mead's 80-odd remaining unpublished manuscripts.
Pragmatism and symbolic interaction[edit]
Much of Mead's work focused on the development of the self and the objectivity of the world within the social realm: he insisted that "the individual mind can exist only in relation to other minds with shared meanings" (Mead 1982: 5).
The two most important roots of Mead's work, and of symbolic interactionism in general, are the philosophy of pragmatism and social (as opposed to psychological) behaviorism (i.e.: Mead was concerned with the stimuli of gestures and social objects with rich meanings rather than bare physical objects which psychological behaviourists considered stimuli). Pragmatism is a wide-ranging philosophical position from which several aspects of Mead's influences can be identified.
There are four main tenets of pragmatism (see Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy): First, to pragmatists true reality does not exist "out there" in the real world, it "is actively created as we act in and toward the world." Second, people remember and base their knowledge of the world on what has been useful to them and are likely to alter what no longer "works." Third, people define the social and physical "objects" they encounter in the world according to their use for them. Lastly, if we want to understand actors, we must base that understanding on what people actually do. Three of these ideas are critical to symbolic interactionism:

the focus on the interaction between the actor and the world
a view of both the actor and the world as dynamic processes and not static structures and
the actor's ability to interpret the social world.

Thus, to Mead and symbolic interactionists, consciousness is not separated from action and interaction, but is an integral part of both. Symbolic interactionism as a pragmatic philosophy was an antecedent to the philosophy of transactionalism.[21]
Mead's theories in part, based on pragmatism and behaviorism, were transmitted to many graduate students at the University of Chicago who then went on to establish symbolic interactionism.[4]:347–350
Social philosophy (behaviorism)[edit]
Mead was a very important figure in 20th century social philosophy. One of his most influential ideas was the emergence of mind and self from the communication process between organisms, discussed in Mind, Self and Society, also known as social behaviorism.[22] This concept of how the mind and self emerge from the social process of communication by signs founded the symbolic interactionist school of sociology. Rooted intellectually in Hegelian dialectics and process philosophy, Mead, like Dewey, developed a more materialist process philosophy that was based upon human action and specifically communicative action. Human activity is, in a pragmatic sense, the criterion of truth, and through human activity meaning is made. Joint activity, including communicative activity, is the means through which our sense of self is constituted. The essence of Mead's social behaviorism is that mind is not a substance located in some transcendent realm, nor is it merely a series of events that takes place within the human physiological structure. This approach opposed the traditional view of the mind as separate from the body. The emergence of mind is contingent upon interaction between the human organism and its social environment; it is through participation in the social act of communication that individuals realize their potential for significantly symbolic behavior, that is, thought. Mind, in Mead’s terms, is the individualized focus of the communication process. It is linguistic behavior on the part of the individual. There is, then, no “mind or thought without language;” and language (the content of mind) “is only a development and product of social interaction” (Mind, Self and Society 191-192). Thus, mind is not reducible to the neurophysiology of the organic individual, but is emergent in “the dynamic, ongoing social process” that constitutes human experience (Mind, Self and Society 7).[19]
For Mead, mind arises out of the social act of communication. Mead’s concept of the social act is relevant, not only to his theory of mind, but to all facets of his social philosophy. His theory of “mind, self, and society” is, in effect, a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of a social process involving the interaction of many individuals, just as his theory of knowledge and value is a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of the experiencing individual in interaction with an environment.[19] Action is very important to his social theory and, according to Mead, actions also occur within a communicative process. The initial phase of an act constitutes a gesture. A gesture is a preparatory movement that enables other individuals to become aware of the intentions of the given organism. The rudimentary situation is a conversation of gestures, in which a gesture on the part of the first individual evokes a preparatory movement on the part of the second, and the gesture of the second organism in turn calls out a response in the first person. On this level no communication occurs. Neither organism is aware of the effect of its own gestures upon the other; the gestures are nonsignificant. For communication to take place, each organism must have knowledge of how the other individual will respond to his own ongoing act. Here the gestures are significant symbols.[22] A significant symbol is a kind of gesture that only humans can make.[23] Gestures become significant symbols when they arouse in the individual who is making them the same kind of response they are supposed to elicit from those to whom the gestures are addressed. Only when we have significant symbols can we truly have communication.[4]:356–357 Mead grounded human perception in an "action-nexus" (Joas 1985: 148). We perceive the world in terms of the “means of living” (Mead 1982: 120). To perceive food, is to perceive eating. To perceive a house, is to perceive shelter. That is to say, perception is in terms of action. Mead's theory of perception is similar to that of J. J. Gibson.
Mead the social psychologist argued in tune with Durkheim that the individual is a product of an ongoing, preexisting society, or more specifically, social interaction that is a consequence of a sui generis society. The self arises when the individual becomes an object to themselves. Mead argued that we are objects first to other people, and secondarily we become objects to ourselves by taking the perspective of other people. Language enables us to talk about ourselves in the same way as we talk about other people, and thus through language we become other to ourselves.[24] In joint activity, which Mead called 'social acts', humans learn to see themselves from the standpoint of their co-actors. A central mechanism within the social act, which enables perspective taking, is position exchange. People within a social act often alternate social positions (e.g., giving/receiving, asking/helping, winning/losing, hiding/seeking, talking/listening). In children's games there is repeated position exchange, for example in hide-and-seek, and Mead argued that this is one of the main ways that perspective taking develops.
However, for Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, the key is not simply human action, but rather social action. In humans the "manipulatory phase of the act" is socially mediated, that is to say, in acting towards objects humans simultaneously take the perspectives of others towards that object. This is what Mead means by "the social act" as opposed to simply "the act" (the latter being a Deweyan concept). Non-human animals also manipulate objects, but that is a non-social manipulation, they do not take the perspective of other organisms toward the object. Humans on the other hand, take the perspective of other actors towards objects, and this is what enables complex human society and subtle social coordination. In the social act of economic exchange, for example, both buyer and seller must take each other's perspectives towards the object being exchanged. The seller must recognize the value for the buyer, while the buyer must recognize the desirability of money for the seller. Only with this mutual perspective taking can the economic exchange occur (Mead was influenced on this point by Adam Smith).
Nature of the self[edit]
A final piece of Mead's social theory is the mind as the individual importation of the social process.[25] Mead states, "The self is a social process," meaning that there are series of actions that go on in the mind to help formulate one's complete self. As previously discussed, Mead presented the self and the mind in terms of a social process. As gestures are taken in by the individual organism, the individual organism also takes in the collective attitudes of others, in the form of gestures, and reacts accordingly with other organized attitudes.[26] This process is characterized by Mead as the "I" and the "Me". The "Me" is the social self and the "I" is the response to the "Me." In other words, the "I" is the response of an individual to the attitudes of others, while the "me" is the organized set of attitudes of others which an individual assumes.[27][28]
Mead develops William James' distinction between the "I" and the "me." The "me" is the accumulated understanding of "the generalized other" i.e. how one thinks one's group perceives oneself etc. The "I" is the individual's impulses. The "I" is self as subject; the "me" is self as object. The "I" is the knower, the "me" is the known. The mind, or stream of thought, is the self-reflective movements of the interaction between the "I" and the "me." There is neither "I" nor "me" in the conversation of gestures; the whole act is not yet carried out, but the preparation takes place in this field of gesture.[29] These dynamics go beyond selfhood in a narrow sense, and form the basis of a theory of human cognition. For Mead the thinking process is the internalized dialogue between the "I" and the "me." Mead rooted the self’s “perception and meaning” deeply and sociologically in "a common praxis of subjects" (Joas 1985: 166) found specifically in social encounters. Understood as a combination of the 'I' and the 'me', Mead’s self proves to be noticeably entwined within a sociological existence. For Mead, existence in community comes before individual consciousness. First one must participate in the different social positions within society and only subsequently can one use that experience to take the perspective of others and thus become self-conscious.
Philosophy of science[edit]
Mead is a major American philosopher by virtue of being, along with John Dewey, Charles Peirce and William James, one of the founders of pragmatism. He also made significant contributions to the philosophies of nature, science, and history, to philosophical anthropology, and to process philosophy. Dewey and Alfred North Whitehead considered Mead a thinker of the first rank. He is a classic example of a social theorist whose work does not fit easily within conventional disciplinary boundaries.
As far as his work on the philosophy of science, Mead sought to find the psychological origin of science in the efforts of individuals to attain power over their environment. The notion of a physical object arises out of manipulatory experience. There is a social relation to inanimate objects, for the organism takes the role of things that it manipulates directly, or that it manipulates indirectly in perception. For example, in taking (introjecting or imitating) the resistant role of a solid object, an individual obtains cognition of what is "inside" nonliving things. Historically, the concept of the physical object arose from an animistic conception of the universe.
Contact experience includes experiences of position, balance, and support, and these are used by the organism when it creates its conceptions of the physical world. Our scientific concepts of space, time, and mass are abstracted from manipulatory experience. Such concepts as that of the electron are also derived from manipulation. In developing a science we construct hypothetical objects in order to assist ourselves in controlling nature. The conception of the present as a distinct unit of experience, rather than as a process of becoming and disappearing, is a scientific fiction devised to facilitate exact measurement. In the scientific worldview immediate experience is replaced by theoretical constructs. The ultimate in experience, however, is the manipulation and contact at the completion of an act.[22]
Play and game and the generalized other[edit]
Mead theorized that human beings begin their understanding of the social world through "play" and "game". "Play" comes first in the child's development. The child takes different roles he/she observes in "adult" society, and plays them out to gain an understanding of the different social roles. For instance, he first plays the role of policeman and then the role of thief while playing "Cops and Robbers," and plays the role of doctor and patient when playing "Doctor." As a result of such play, the child learns to become both subject and object and begins to become able to build a self. However, it is a limited self because the child can only take the role of distinct and separate others, they still lack a more general and organized sense of themselves.[4]:360
In the next stage, the game stage, it is required that a person develop a full sense of self. Whereas in the play stage the child takes on the role of distinct others, in the game stage the child must take the role of everyone else involved in the game. Furthermore, these roles must have a definite relationship to one another. To illustrate the game stage, Mead gives his famous example of a baseball game:

But in a game where a number of individuals are involved, then the child taking one role must be ready to take the role of everyone else. If he gets in a ball nine he must have the responses of each position involved in his own position. He must know what everyone else is going to do in order to carry out his own play. He has to take all of these roles. They do not all have to be present in consciousness at the same time, but at some moments he has to have three or four individuals present in his own attitude, such as the one who is going to throw the ball, the one who is going to catch it and so on. These responses must be, in some degree, present in his own make-up. In the game, then, there is a set of responses of such others so organized that the attitude of one calls out the appropriate attitudes of the other. (Mead, 1934/1962:151)

In the game stage, organization begins and definite personalities start to emerge. Children begin to become able to function in organized groups and most importantly, to determine what they will do within a specific group.[4]:360–361 Mead calls this the child's first encounter with "the generalized other", which is one of the main concepts Mead proposes for understanding the emergence of the (social) self in human beings. "The generalized other" can be thought of as understanding the given activity and the actors' place within the activity from the perspective of all the others engaged in the activity. Through understanding "the generalized other" the individual understands what kind of behavior is expected, appropriate and so on, in different social settings.
How does perspective taking occur according to Mead? It has been argued that social acts (such as games and routine forms of social interaction) enable perspective taking through 'position exchange'.[30] Assuming that games and routine social acts have differentiated social positions, and that these positions create our cognitive perspectives, then it might be that by moving between roles in a game (e.g. between hiding and seeking or buying and selling) we come to learn about the perspective of the other. This new interpretation of Mead's account of taking the perspective of the other has experimental support.[31]
Bibliography[edit]

1932. The Philosophy of the Present. Open Court Publishing.
1934. Mind, Self, and Society. Ed. by Charles W. Morris. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4
1936. Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century. Ed. by C. W. Morris. University of Chicago Press.
1938. The Philosophy of the Act. Ed. by C.W. Morris et al. University of Chicago Press.
1964. Selected Writings. Ed. by A. J. Reck. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51671-4 This volume collects articles Mead himself prepared for publication.
1982. The Individual and the Social Self: Unpublished Essays by G. H. Mead. Ed. by David L. Miller. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-608-09479-3
2001. Essays in Social Psychology. Ed. by M. J. Deegan. Transaction Books. (Book review [32])
2011. G.H. Mead. A Reader. Ed. by F.C. Silva. Routledge.

See also[edit]


James Mark Baldwin
Lev Vygotsky
Chicago School (sociology)


Notes and references[edit]


^ Baldwin, John (2009). George Herbert Mead. Sage. p. 7. ISBN 0-8039-2320-1. 
^ Cook, Gary A. (1993). George Herbert Mead: the making of a social pragmatist. University of Illinois Press. p. 4. ISBN 978-0-252-06272-8. 
^ Miller, David (2009). George Herbert Mead: Self, Language, and the World. University of Texas Press. pp. xii–xix. ISBN 0-292-72700-3. 
^ a b c d e f Ritzer, George (2008). Sociological Theory. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-07-352818-2. 
^ George H. Mead (1907). "The Social Settlement: Its basis and function". University of Chicago Record: 108–110. 
^ Ritzer, George (2004). Encyclopedia of Social Theory. Thousand Oaks, California: SAGE Publications. p. 491. ISBN 0-7619-2611-9. 
^ "George Herbert Mead, Philosophy". www.lib.uchicago.edu. Retrieved 2016-02-10. 
^ [1] “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900)
^ [2] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910)
^ [3] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910)
^ [4] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness”
^ [5] “The Social Self” (1913)
^ [6] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker” (1917)
^ [7] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922)
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Genesis of the Self and Social Control". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Objective Reality of Perspectives". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Nature of the Past". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Philosophies of Royce, James and Dewey in their American setting". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ a b c Cronk, George (2005), "George Herbert Mead", in Fieser, James; Dowden, Bradley, The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy 
^ The Mead Project at Brock University
^ Phillips, Trevor J. (2015-11-22). Tibbels, Kirkland; Patterson, John, eds. Transactionalism: An Historical and Interpretive Study (2 edition ed.). Influence Ecology. p. 54. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ a b c Desmonde, William H (2006) [1967]. "Mead, George Herbert (1863-1931)". In Borchert, Donald M. Encyclopedia of Philosophy. 6. Macmillan Reference. pp. 79–82. ISBN 0-02-865786-1. 
^ This has been a contentious issue in the burgeoning field of Human Animal Studies. For a discussion see Wilkie, R. & McKinnon, A. (2013). 'George Herbert Mead on Humans and Other Animals: Social Relations after Human-Animal Studies'. Sociological Research Online, vol 18, no. 4, 19. [8]
^ Gillespie, Alex (2006). Becoming Other: From Social Interaction to Self-Reflection. Information Age Publishing. ISBN 978-1-59311-230-1. 
^ edited, George H. Mead ;; Morris, with an introduction by Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 174–186. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Margolis, Joseph; Jacques Catudal (2001). The Quarrel between Invariance and Flux. Pennsylvania: Pennsylvania State University Press. 
^ Mead, George (1934). MIND, SELF and SOCIETY. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4. 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Position exchange: The social development of agency". 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Exchanging social positions: Enhancing intersubjective coordination within a joint task". 
^ [9] Archived June 17, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.


Further reading[edit]

Aboulafia, Mitchell (ed.) (1991) Philosophy, Social Theory, and the Thought of George Herbert Mead. SUNY Press.
Aboulafia, Mitchell (2001) The Cosmopolitan Self: George Herbert Mead and Continental Philosophy. University of Illinois Press.
Blumer, H. & Morrione, T.J. (2004) George Herbert Mead and Human Conduct. New York: Altamira Press.
Conesa-Sevilla, J. (2005). The Realm of Continued Emergence: The Semiotics of George Herbert Mead and its Implications to Biosemiotics, Semiotics Matrix Theory, and Ecological Ethics. Sign Systems Studies, September, 2005, Tartu University, Estonia.
Gillespie, A. (2005) "G.H. Mead: Theorist of the social act," [10] Journal for the Theory of Social Behaviour 35: 19-39.
Gillespie, A. (2006). Games and the development of perspective taking [11]. Human Development, 49, 87-92.
Joas, Hans (1985) G.H. Mead: A Contemporary Re-examination of His Thought. MIT Press.
Habermas, Jürgen (1992) "Individuation through socialization: On George Herbert Mead’s theory of socialization," in Habermas, Postmetaphysical Thinking, translated by William Mark Hohengarten. MIT Press.
Honneth, Axel (1996) "Recognition and socialization: Mead's naturalistic transformation of Hegel's idea," in Honneth, Struggle for Recognition: The Moral Grammar of Social Conflicts, translated by Joel Anderson. MIT Press.
Lewis, J.D. (1979) "A social behaviorist interpretation of the Meadian 'I'," American Journal of Sociology 85: 261-287.
Lundgren, D.C. (2004) "Social feedback and self-appraisals: Current status of the Mead-Cooley hypothesis," Symbolic Interaction 27: 267-286.
Miller, David L. (1973) G.H. Mead: Self, Language and the World. University of Chicago Press.
Sánchez de la Yncera, Ignacio (1994) La Mirada Reflexiva de G.H. Mead. Centro de Investigaciones Sociológicas.
Shalin, Dmitri (1988) "G. H. Mead, socialism, and the progressive agenda," American Journal of Sociology 93: 913-951.
Silva, F. C. (2007) G.H. Mead. A Critical Introduction. Cambridge: Polity Press.
Silva, F. C. (2008) Mead and Modernity. Science, Selfhood and Democratic Politics. Lanham: Lexington Books.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Herbert Mead



Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy: "George Herbert Mead"—by George Cronk.
Mead Project 2.0. Mead's published and unpublished writings, many of which are available online, along with others'.
Review materials for studying George Herbert Mead
The Social Self - by George Herbert Mead (1913)
George Herbert Mead by Mitchell Aboulafia - Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Works by George Herbert Mead at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about George Herbert Mead at Internet Archive
Works by George Herbert Mead at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36980050
LCCN: n50013667
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2025
GND: 118579770
SELIBR: 251039
SUDOC: 031673805
BNF: cb12284412h (data)
NLA: 35343805
NDL: 00471458
NKC: jn20000701201
BNE: XX861922










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Herbert_Mead&oldid=787298146"					
Categories: 1863 births1931 deathsPeople from South Hadley, Massachusetts20th-century American philosophersAmerican psychologistsAmerican sociologistsSocial psychologistsPragmatistsLabeling theoryCommunication scholarsSocial philosophersPhilosophers of sciencePhilosophers of social sciencePhilosophical anthropologyPhilosophers of historyProcess theoryOberlin College alumniHarvard University alumniUniversity of Michigan facultyUniversity of Chicago facultyWhitney family of ConnecticutHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra textWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


Bân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어IdoÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаلۊری شومالیLatviešuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 June 2017, at 16:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Herbert Mead - Wikipedia






















 






George Herbert Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from George H. Mead)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named George Mead, see George Mead (disambiguation).


George H. Mead



George H. Mead.



Born
(1863-02-27)February 27, 1863
South Hadley, Massachusetts


Died
April 26, 1931(1931-04-26) (aged 68)
Chicago, Illinois


Alma mater
Oberlin College
Harvard University





Era
20th-century philosophy


Region
Western Philosophy


School
Pragmatism


Institutions
University of Michigan
University of Chicago




Influenced


Herbert Blumer
Jürgen Habermas
John Dewey
Eugene Halton
Charles W. Morris









George Herbert Mead (February 27, 1863 – April 26, 1931) was an American philosopher, sociologist and psychologist, primarily affiliated with the University of Chicago, where he was one of several distinguished pragmatists. He is regarded as one of the founders of social psychology and of what has come to be referred to as the Chicago sociological tradition.



Contents


1 Biography
2 Writings
3 Pragmatism and symbolic interaction
4 Social philosophy (behaviorism)
5 Nature of the self
6 Philosophy of science
7 Play and game and the generalized other
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 Notes and references
11 Further reading
12 External links



Biography[edit]
Mead was born February 27, 1863 in South Hadley, Massachusetts. He was raised in a Protestant, middle-class family comprising his father, Hiram Mead, his mother, Elizabeth Storrs (Billings) Mead, and his sister Alice. His father was a former Congregationalist Pastor from a lineage of farmers and clergymen and who later held the chair in Sacred Rhetoric and Pastoral Theology at Oberlin College’s theological seminary. Elizabeth Storrs Mead taught for two years at Oberlin College and subsequently, from 1890 to 1900, served as president of Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts.[1] In 1879, George Mead enrolled at Oberlin College, graduating in 1883 with a BA degree. After graduation, Mead taught grade school for about four months. For the following three years, he worked as a surveyor for the Wisconsin Central Railroad Company.
In autumn 1887, Mead enrolled at Harvard University, where his main interests were philosophy and psychology. At Harvard, Mead studied with Josiah Royce, a major influence upon his thought, and William James, whose children he tutored. In 1888, Mead left Harvard after receiving only a B.A. and moved to Leipzig, Germany to study with psychologist Wilhelm Wundt, from whom he learned the concept of "the gesture," a concept central to his later work.
In 1891 he married Helen Kingsbury Castle (1860–1929), the sister of Henry Northrup Castle (1862–1895), a friend he met at Oberlin.[2] Despite never finishing his dissertation, Mead was able to obtain a post at the University of Michigan in 1891. At the University of Michigan, Mead met Charles H. Cooley and John Dewey, both of whom would influence him greatly.[3] In 1894 Mead moved, along with Dewey, to the University of Chicago, where he taught until his death. Dewey's influence led Mead into educational theory, but his thinking soon diverged from that of Dewey, and developed into his famous psychological theories of mind, self and society.[4]:352–353
No detached philosopher, he was active in Chicago's social and political affairs; among his many activities include his work for the City Club of Chicago. He believed that science could be used to deal with social problems and played a key role in conducting research at the settlement house in Chicago.[4]:353[5] He also worked as treasurer for Chicago's Hull House.[6][7] Mead died of heart failure on April 26, 1931.
Writings[edit]
In a career spanning more than 40 years, Mead wrote almost constantly and published numerous articles and book reviews in both philosophy and psychology. However, he did not publish any books. Following his death, several of his students put together and edited four volumes from records of Mead's social psychology course at the University of Chicago, his lecture notes, and his numerous unpublished papers. The four volumes are: Mead's 1930 Carus Lectures, edited by Charles W. Morris; The Philosophy of the Present (1932), edited by Arthur E. Murphy; Mind, Self and Society (1934), edited by Charles W. Morris; Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century (1936), edited by Merritt H. Moore; and The Philosophy of the Act (1938).
Most notable among Mead's published papers are “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900);[8] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910);[9] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910);[10] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness” (1912);[11] “The Social Self” (1913);[12] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker”(1917);[13] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922);[14] “The Genesis of Self and Social Control” [15] (1925); “The Objective Reality of Perspectives” [16] (1926);”The Nature of the Past” [17] (1929); and “The Philosophies of Royce, James, and Dewey in Their American Setting” [18] (1929).
In his lifetime, Mead published around 100 scholarly articles, reviews, and incidental pieces. Given their diverse nature, access to these writings is difficult. The first editorial efforts to change this situation date from the 1960s. In 1964, Andrew J. Reck collected twenty-five of Mead’s published articles in Selected Writings: George Herbert Mead. Bobbs-Merrill, The Liberal Arts Press. 1964. [19] Four years later, John W. Petras published George Herbert Mead. Essays on his Social Psychology, a collection of fifteen articles that included previously unpublished manuscripts.
More recently, Mary Jo Deegan published Essays in Social Psychology (2001), a book project originally abandoned by Mead in the early 1910s. In 2010, Filipe Carreira da Silva edited the G.H. Mead. A Reader, the most comprehensive collection to date. It includes thirty of Mead’s most important articles, ten of which previously unpublished.
The Mead Project[20] at Brock University in Ontario intends to publish all of Mead's 80-odd remaining unpublished manuscripts.
Pragmatism and symbolic interaction[edit]
Much of Mead's work focused on the development of the self and the objectivity of the world within the social realm: he insisted that "the individual mind can exist only in relation to other minds with shared meanings" (Mead 1982: 5).
The two most important roots of Mead's work, and of symbolic interactionism in general, are the philosophy of pragmatism and social (as opposed to psychological) behaviorism (i.e.: Mead was concerned with the stimuli of gestures and social objects with rich meanings rather than bare physical objects which psychological behaviourists considered stimuli). Pragmatism is a wide-ranging philosophical position from which several aspects of Mead's influences can be identified.
There are four main tenets of pragmatism (see Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy): First, to pragmatists true reality does not exist "out there" in the real world, it "is actively created as we act in and toward the world." Second, people remember and base their knowledge of the world on what has been useful to them and are likely to alter what no longer "works." Third, people define the social and physical "objects" they encounter in the world according to their use for them. Lastly, if we want to understand actors, we must base that understanding on what people actually do. Three of these ideas are critical to symbolic interactionism:

the focus on the interaction between the actor and the world
a view of both the actor and the world as dynamic processes and not static structures and
the actor's ability to interpret the social world.

Thus, to Mead and symbolic interactionists, consciousness is not separated from action and interaction, but is an integral part of both. Symbolic interactionism as a pragmatic philosophy was an antecedent to the philosophy of transactionalism.[21]
Mead's theories in part, based on pragmatism and behaviorism, were transmitted to many graduate students at the University of Chicago who then went on to establish symbolic interactionism.[4]:347–350
Social philosophy (behaviorism)[edit]
Mead was a very important figure in 20th century social philosophy. One of his most influential ideas was the emergence of mind and self from the communication process between organisms, discussed in Mind, Self and Society, also known as social behaviorism.[22] This concept of how the mind and self emerge from the social process of communication by signs founded the symbolic interactionist school of sociology. Rooted intellectually in Hegelian dialectics and process philosophy, Mead, like Dewey, developed a more materialist process philosophy that was based upon human action and specifically communicative action. Human activity is, in a pragmatic sense, the criterion of truth, and through human activity meaning is made. Joint activity, including communicative activity, is the means through which our sense of self is constituted. The essence of Mead's social behaviorism is that mind is not a substance located in some transcendent realm, nor is it merely a series of events that takes place within the human physiological structure. This approach opposed the traditional view of the mind as separate from the body. The emergence of mind is contingent upon interaction between the human organism and its social environment; it is through participation in the social act of communication that individuals realize their potential for significantly symbolic behavior, that is, thought. Mind, in Mead’s terms, is the individualized focus of the communication process. It is linguistic behavior on the part of the individual. There is, then, no “mind or thought without language;” and language (the content of mind) “is only a development and product of social interaction” (Mind, Self and Society 191-192). Thus, mind is not reducible to the neurophysiology of the organic individual, but is emergent in “the dynamic, ongoing social process” that constitutes human experience (Mind, Self and Society 7).[19]
For Mead, mind arises out of the social act of communication. Mead’s concept of the social act is relevant, not only to his theory of mind, but to all facets of his social philosophy. His theory of “mind, self, and society” is, in effect, a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of a social process involving the interaction of many individuals, just as his theory of knowledge and value is a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of the experiencing individual in interaction with an environment.[19] Action is very important to his social theory and, according to Mead, actions also occur within a communicative process. The initial phase of an act constitutes a gesture. A gesture is a preparatory movement that enables other individuals to become aware of the intentions of the given organism. The rudimentary situation is a conversation of gestures, in which a gesture on the part of the first individual evokes a preparatory movement on the part of the second, and the gesture of the second organism in turn calls out a response in the first person. On this level no communication occurs. Neither organism is aware of the effect of its own gestures upon the other; the gestures are nonsignificant. For communication to take place, each organism must have knowledge of how the other individual will respond to his own ongoing act. Here the gestures are significant symbols.[22] A significant symbol is a kind of gesture that only humans can make.[23] Gestures become significant symbols when they arouse in the individual who is making them the same kind of response they are supposed to elicit from those to whom the gestures are addressed. Only when we have significant symbols can we truly have communication.[4]:356–357 Mead grounded human perception in an "action-nexus" (Joas 1985: 148). We perceive the world in terms of the “means of living” (Mead 1982: 120). To perceive food, is to perceive eating. To perceive a house, is to perceive shelter. That is to say, perception is in terms of action. Mead's theory of perception is similar to that of J. J. Gibson.
Mead the social psychologist argued in tune with Durkheim that the individual is a product of an ongoing, preexisting society, or more specifically, social interaction that is a consequence of a sui generis society. The self arises when the individual becomes an object to themselves. Mead argued that we are objects first to other people, and secondarily we become objects to ourselves by taking the perspective of other people. Language enables us to talk about ourselves in the same way as we talk about other people, and thus through language we become other to ourselves.[24] In joint activity, which Mead called 'social acts', humans learn to see themselves from the standpoint of their co-actors. A central mechanism within the social act, which enables perspective taking, is position exchange. People within a social act often alternate social positions (e.g., giving/receiving, asking/helping, winning/losing, hiding/seeking, talking/listening). In children's games there is repeated position exchange, for example in hide-and-seek, and Mead argued that this is one of the main ways that perspective taking develops.
However, for Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, the key is not simply human action, but rather social action. In humans the "manipulatory phase of the act" is socially mediated, that is to say, in acting towards objects humans simultaneously take the perspectives of others towards that object. This is what Mead means by "the social act" as opposed to simply "the act" (the latter being a Deweyan concept). Non-human animals also manipulate objects, but that is a non-social manipulation, they do not take the perspective of other organisms toward the object. Humans on the other hand, take the perspective of other actors towards objects, and this is what enables complex human society and subtle social coordination. In the social act of economic exchange, for example, both buyer and seller must take each other's perspectives towards the object being exchanged. The seller must recognize the value for the buyer, while the buyer must recognize the desirability of money for the seller. Only with this mutual perspective taking can the economic exchange occur (Mead was influenced on this point by Adam Smith).
Nature of the self[edit]
A final piece of Mead's social theory is the mind as the individual importation of the social process.[25] Mead states, "The self is a social process," meaning that there are series of actions that go on in the mind to help formulate one's complete self. As previously discussed, Mead presented the self and the mind in terms of a social process. As gestures are taken in by the individual organism, the individual organism also takes in the collective attitudes of others, in the form of gestures, and reacts accordingly with other organized attitudes.[26] This process is characterized by Mead as the "I" and the "Me". The "Me" is the social self and the "I" is the response to the "Me." In other words, the "I" is the response of an individual to the attitudes of others, while the "me" is the organized set of attitudes of others which an individual assumes.[27][28]
Mead develops William James' distinction between the "I" and the "me." The "me" is the accumulated understanding of "the generalized other" i.e. how one thinks one's group perceives oneself etc. The "I" is the individual's impulses. The "I" is self as subject; the "me" is self as object. The "I" is the knower, the "me" is the known. The mind, or stream of thought, is the self-reflective movements of the interaction between the "I" and the "me." There is neither "I" nor "me" in the conversation of gestures; the whole act is not yet carried out, but the preparation takes place in this field of gesture.[29] These dynamics go beyond selfhood in a narrow sense, and form the basis of a theory of human cognition. For Mead the thinking process is the internalized dialogue between the "I" and the "me." Mead rooted the self’s “perception and meaning” deeply and sociologically in "a common praxis of subjects" (Joas 1985: 166) found specifically in social encounters. Understood as a combination of the 'I' and the 'me', Mead’s self proves to be noticeably entwined within a sociological existence. For Mead, existence in community comes before individual consciousness. First one must participate in the different social positions within society and only subsequently can one use that experience to take the perspective of others and thus become self-conscious.
Philosophy of science[edit]
Mead is a major American philosopher by virtue of being, along with John Dewey, Charles Peirce and William James, one of the founders of pragmatism. He also made significant contributions to the philosophies of nature, science, and history, to philosophical anthropology, and to process philosophy. Dewey and Alfred North Whitehead considered Mead a thinker of the first rank. He is a classic example of a social theorist whose work does not fit easily within conventional disciplinary boundaries.
As far as his work on the philosophy of science, Mead sought to find the psychological origin of science in the efforts of individuals to attain power over their environment. The notion of a physical object arises out of manipulatory experience. There is a social relation to inanimate objects, for the organism takes the role of things that it manipulates directly, or that it manipulates indirectly in perception. For example, in taking (introjecting or imitating) the resistant role of a solid object, an individual obtains cognition of what is "inside" nonliving things. Historically, the concept of the physical object arose from an animistic conception of the universe.
Contact experience includes experiences of position, balance, and support, and these are used by the organism when it creates its conceptions of the physical world. Our scientific concepts of space, time, and mass are abstracted from manipulatory experience. Such concepts as that of the electron are also derived from manipulation. In developing a science we construct hypothetical objects in order to assist ourselves in controlling nature. The conception of the present as a distinct unit of experience, rather than as a process of becoming and disappearing, is a scientific fiction devised to facilitate exact measurement. In the scientific worldview immediate experience is replaced by theoretical constructs. The ultimate in experience, however, is the manipulation and contact at the completion of an act.[22]
Play and game and the generalized other[edit]
Mead theorized that human beings begin their understanding of the social world through "play" and "game". "Play" comes first in the child's development. The child takes different roles he/she observes in "adult" society, and plays them out to gain an understanding of the different social roles. For instance, he first plays the role of policeman and then the role of thief while playing "Cops and Robbers," and plays the role of doctor and patient when playing "Doctor." As a result of such play, the child learns to become both subject and object and begins to become able to build a self. However, it is a limited self because the child can only take the role of distinct and separate others, they still lack a more general and organized sense of themselves.[4]:360
In the next stage, the game stage, it is required that a person develop a full sense of self. Whereas in the play stage the child takes on the role of distinct others, in the game stage the child must take the role of everyone else involved in the game. Furthermore, these roles must have a definite relationship to one another. To illustrate the game stage, Mead gives his famous example of a baseball game:

But in a game where a number of individuals are involved, then the child taking one role must be ready to take the role of everyone else. If he gets in a ball nine he must have the responses of each position involved in his own position. He must know what everyone else is going to do in order to carry out his own play. He has to take all of these roles. They do not all have to be present in consciousness at the same time, but at some moments he has to have three or four individuals present in his own attitude, such as the one who is going to throw the ball, the one who is going to catch it and so on. These responses must be, in some degree, present in his own make-up. In the game, then, there is a set of responses of such others so organized that the attitude of one calls out the appropriate attitudes of the other. (Mead, 1934/1962:151)

In the game stage, organization begins and definite personalities start to emerge. Children begin to become able to function in organized groups and most importantly, to determine what they will do within a specific group.[4]:360–361 Mead calls this the child's first encounter with "the generalized other", which is one of the main concepts Mead proposes for understanding the emergence of the (social) self in human beings. "The generalized other" can be thought of as understanding the given activity and the actors' place within the activity from the perspective of all the others engaged in the activity. Through understanding "the generalized other" the individual understands what kind of behavior is expected, appropriate and so on, in different social settings.
How does perspective taking occur according to Mead? It has been argued that social acts (such as games and routine forms of social interaction) enable perspective taking through 'position exchange'.[30] Assuming that games and routine social acts have differentiated social positions, and that these positions create our cognitive perspectives, then it might be that by moving between roles in a game (e.g. between hiding and seeking or buying and selling) we come to learn about the perspective of the other. This new interpretation of Mead's account of taking the perspective of the other has experimental support.[31]
Bibliography[edit]

1932. The Philosophy of the Present. Open Court Publishing.
1934. Mind, Self, and Society. Ed. by Charles W. Morris. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4
1936. Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century. Ed. by C. W. Morris. University of Chicago Press.
1938. The Philosophy of the Act. Ed. by C.W. Morris et al. University of Chicago Press.
1964. Selected Writings. Ed. by A. J. Reck. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51671-4 This volume collects articles Mead himself prepared for publication.
1982. The Individual and the Social Self: Unpublished Essays by G. H. Mead. Ed. by David L. Miller. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-608-09479-3
2001. Essays in Social Psychology. Ed. by M. J. Deegan. Transaction Books. (Book review [32])
2011. G.H. Mead. A Reader. Ed. by F.C. Silva. Routledge.

See also[edit]


James Mark Baldwin
Lev Vygotsky
Chicago School (sociology)


Notes and references[edit]


^ Baldwin, John (2009). George Herbert Mead. Sage. p. 7. ISBN 0-8039-2320-1. 
^ Cook, Gary A. (1993). George Herbert Mead: the making of a social pragmatist. University of Illinois Press. p. 4. ISBN 978-0-252-06272-8. 
^ Miller, David (2009). George Herbert Mead: Self, Language, and the World. University of Texas Press. pp. xii–xix. ISBN 0-292-72700-3. 
^ a b c d e f Ritzer, George (2008). Sociological Theory. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-07-352818-2. 
^ George H. Mead (1907). "The Social Settlement: Its basis and function". University of Chicago Record: 108–110. 
^ Ritzer, George (2004). Encyclopedia of Social Theory. Thousand Oaks, California: SAGE Publications. p. 491. ISBN 0-7619-2611-9. 
^ "George Herbert Mead, Philosophy". www.lib.uchicago.edu. Retrieved 2016-02-10. 
^ [1] “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900)
^ [2] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910)
^ [3] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910)
^ [4] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness”
^ [5] “The Social Self” (1913)
^ [6] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker” (1917)
^ [7] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922)
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Genesis of the Self and Social Control". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Objective Reality of Perspectives". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Nature of the Past". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Philosophies of Royce, James and Dewey in their American setting". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ a b c Cronk, George (2005), "George Herbert Mead", in Fieser, James; Dowden, Bradley, The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy 
^ The Mead Project at Brock University
^ Phillips, Trevor J. (2015-11-22). Tibbels, Kirkland; Patterson, John, eds. Transactionalism: An Historical and Interpretive Study (2 edition ed.). Influence Ecology. p. 54. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ a b c Desmonde, William H (2006) [1967]. "Mead, George Herbert (1863-1931)". In Borchert, Donald M. Encyclopedia of Philosophy. 6. Macmillan Reference. pp. 79–82. ISBN 0-02-865786-1. 
^ This has been a contentious issue in the burgeoning field of Human Animal Studies. For a discussion see Wilkie, R. & McKinnon, A. (2013). 'George Herbert Mead on Humans and Other Animals: Social Relations after Human-Animal Studies'. Sociological Research Online, vol 18, no. 4, 19. [8]
^ Gillespie, Alex (2006). Becoming Other: From Social Interaction to Self-Reflection. Information Age Publishing. ISBN 978-1-59311-230-1. 
^ edited, George H. Mead ;; Morris, with an introduction by Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 174–186. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Margolis, Joseph; Jacques Catudal (2001). The Quarrel between Invariance and Flux. Pennsylvania: Pennsylvania State University Press. 
^ Mead, George (1934). MIND, SELF and SOCIETY. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4. 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Position exchange: The social development of agency". 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Exchanging social positions: Enhancing intersubjective coordination within a joint task". 
^ [9] Archived June 17, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.


Further reading[edit]

Aboulafia, Mitchell (ed.) (1991) Philosophy, Social Theory, and the Thought of George Herbert Mead. SUNY Press.
Aboulafia, Mitchell (2001) The Cosmopolitan Self: George Herbert Mead and Continental Philosophy. University of Illinois Press.
Blumer, H. & Morrione, T.J. (2004) George Herbert Mead and Human Conduct. New York: Altamira Press.
Conesa-Sevilla, J. (2005). The Realm of Continued Emergence: The Semiotics of George Herbert Mead and its Implications to Biosemiotics, Semiotics Matrix Theory, and Ecological Ethics. Sign Systems Studies, September, 2005, Tartu University, Estonia.
Gillespie, A. (2005) "G.H. Mead: Theorist of the social act," [10] Journal for the Theory of Social Behaviour 35: 19-39.
Gillespie, A. (2006). Games and the development of perspective taking [11]. Human Development, 49, 87-92.
Joas, Hans (1985) G.H. Mead: A Contemporary Re-examination of His Thought. MIT Press.
Habermas, Jürgen (1992) "Individuation through socialization: On George Herbert Mead’s theory of socialization," in Habermas, Postmetaphysical Thinking, translated by William Mark Hohengarten. MIT Press.
Honneth, Axel (1996) "Recognition and socialization: Mead's naturalistic transformation of Hegel's idea," in Honneth, Struggle for Recognition: The Moral Grammar of Social Conflicts, translated by Joel Anderson. MIT Press.
Lewis, J.D. (1979) "A social behaviorist interpretation of the Meadian 'I'," American Journal of Sociology 85: 261-287.
Lundgren, D.C. (2004) "Social feedback and self-appraisals: Current status of the Mead-Cooley hypothesis," Symbolic Interaction 27: 267-286.
Miller, David L. (1973) G.H. Mead: Self, Language and the World. University of Chicago Press.
Sánchez de la Yncera, Ignacio (1994) La Mirada Reflexiva de G.H. Mead. Centro de Investigaciones Sociológicas.
Shalin, Dmitri (1988) "G. H. Mead, socialism, and the progressive agenda," American Journal of Sociology 93: 913-951.
Silva, F. C. (2007) G.H. Mead. A Critical Introduction. Cambridge: Polity Press.
Silva, F. C. (2008) Mead and Modernity. Science, Selfhood and Democratic Politics. Lanham: Lexington Books.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Herbert Mead



Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy: "George Herbert Mead"—by George Cronk.
Mead Project 2.0. Mead's published and unpublished writings, many of which are available online, along with others'.
Review materials for studying George Herbert Mead
The Social Self - by George Herbert Mead (1913)
George Herbert Mead by Mitchell Aboulafia - Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Works by George Herbert Mead at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about George Herbert Mead at Internet Archive
Works by George Herbert Mead at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36980050
LCCN: n50013667
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2025
GND: 118579770
SELIBR: 251039
SUDOC: 031673805
BNF: cb12284412h (data)
NLA: 35343805
NDL: 00471458
NKC: jn20000701201
BNE: XX861922










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Herbert_Mead&oldid=787298146"					
Categories: 1863 births1931 deathsPeople from South Hadley, Massachusetts20th-century American philosophersAmerican psychologistsAmerican sociologistsSocial psychologistsPragmatistsLabeling theoryCommunication scholarsSocial philosophersPhilosophers of sciencePhilosophers of social sciencePhilosophical anthropologyPhilosophers of historyProcess theoryOberlin College alumniHarvard University alumniUniversity of Michigan facultyUniversity of Chicago facultyWhitney family of ConnecticutHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra textWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


Bân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어IdoÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаلۊری شومالیLatviešuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 June 2017, at 16:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Herbert Mead - Wikipedia






















 






George Herbert Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from George H. Mead)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named George Mead, see George Mead (disambiguation).


George H. Mead



George H. Mead.



Born
(1863-02-27)February 27, 1863
South Hadley, Massachusetts


Died
April 26, 1931(1931-04-26) (aged 68)
Chicago, Illinois


Alma mater
Oberlin College
Harvard University





Era
20th-century philosophy


Region
Western Philosophy


School
Pragmatism


Institutions
University of Michigan
University of Chicago




Influenced


Herbert Blumer
Jürgen Habermas
John Dewey
Eugene Halton
Charles W. Morris









George Herbert Mead (February 27, 1863 – April 26, 1931) was an American philosopher, sociologist and psychologist, primarily affiliated with the University of Chicago, where he was one of several distinguished pragmatists. He is regarded as one of the founders of social psychology and of what has come to be referred to as the Chicago sociological tradition.



Contents


1 Biography
2 Writings
3 Pragmatism and symbolic interaction
4 Social philosophy (behaviorism)
5 Nature of the self
6 Philosophy of science
7 Play and game and the generalized other
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 Notes and references
11 Further reading
12 External links



Biography[edit]
Mead was born February 27, 1863 in South Hadley, Massachusetts. He was raised in a Protestant, middle-class family comprising his father, Hiram Mead, his mother, Elizabeth Storrs (Billings) Mead, and his sister Alice. His father was a former Congregationalist Pastor from a lineage of farmers and clergymen and who later held the chair in Sacred Rhetoric and Pastoral Theology at Oberlin College’s theological seminary. Elizabeth Storrs Mead taught for two years at Oberlin College and subsequently, from 1890 to 1900, served as president of Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts.[1] In 1879, George Mead enrolled at Oberlin College, graduating in 1883 with a BA degree. After graduation, Mead taught grade school for about four months. For the following three years, he worked as a surveyor for the Wisconsin Central Railroad Company.
In autumn 1887, Mead enrolled at Harvard University, where his main interests were philosophy and psychology. At Harvard, Mead studied with Josiah Royce, a major influence upon his thought, and William James, whose children he tutored. In 1888, Mead left Harvard after receiving only a B.A. and moved to Leipzig, Germany to study with psychologist Wilhelm Wundt, from whom he learned the concept of "the gesture," a concept central to his later work.
In 1891 he married Helen Kingsbury Castle (1860–1929), the sister of Henry Northrup Castle (1862–1895), a friend he met at Oberlin.[2] Despite never finishing his dissertation, Mead was able to obtain a post at the University of Michigan in 1891. At the University of Michigan, Mead met Charles H. Cooley and John Dewey, both of whom would influence him greatly.[3] In 1894 Mead moved, along with Dewey, to the University of Chicago, where he taught until his death. Dewey's influence led Mead into educational theory, but his thinking soon diverged from that of Dewey, and developed into his famous psychological theories of mind, self and society.[4]:352–353
No detached philosopher, he was active in Chicago's social and political affairs; among his many activities include his work for the City Club of Chicago. He believed that science could be used to deal with social problems and played a key role in conducting research at the settlement house in Chicago.[4]:353[5] He also worked as treasurer for Chicago's Hull House.[6][7] Mead died of heart failure on April 26, 1931.
Writings[edit]
In a career spanning more than 40 years, Mead wrote almost constantly and published numerous articles and book reviews in both philosophy and psychology. However, he did not publish any books. Following his death, several of his students put together and edited four volumes from records of Mead's social psychology course at the University of Chicago, his lecture notes, and his numerous unpublished papers. The four volumes are: Mead's 1930 Carus Lectures, edited by Charles W. Morris; The Philosophy of the Present (1932), edited by Arthur E. Murphy; Mind, Self and Society (1934), edited by Charles W. Morris; Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century (1936), edited by Merritt H. Moore; and The Philosophy of the Act (1938).
Most notable among Mead's published papers are “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900);[8] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910);[9] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910);[10] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness” (1912);[11] “The Social Self” (1913);[12] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker”(1917);[13] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922);[14] “The Genesis of Self and Social Control” [15] (1925); “The Objective Reality of Perspectives” [16] (1926);”The Nature of the Past” [17] (1929); and “The Philosophies of Royce, James, and Dewey in Their American Setting” [18] (1929).
In his lifetime, Mead published around 100 scholarly articles, reviews, and incidental pieces. Given their diverse nature, access to these writings is difficult. The first editorial efforts to change this situation date from the 1960s. In 1964, Andrew J. Reck collected twenty-five of Mead’s published articles in Selected Writings: George Herbert Mead. Bobbs-Merrill, The Liberal Arts Press. 1964. [19] Four years later, John W. Petras published George Herbert Mead. Essays on his Social Psychology, a collection of fifteen articles that included previously unpublished manuscripts.
More recently, Mary Jo Deegan published Essays in Social Psychology (2001), a book project originally abandoned by Mead in the early 1910s. In 2010, Filipe Carreira da Silva edited the G.H. Mead. A Reader, the most comprehensive collection to date. It includes thirty of Mead’s most important articles, ten of which previously unpublished.
The Mead Project[20] at Brock University in Ontario intends to publish all of Mead's 80-odd remaining unpublished manuscripts.
Pragmatism and symbolic interaction[edit]
Much of Mead's work focused on the development of the self and the objectivity of the world within the social realm: he insisted that "the individual mind can exist only in relation to other minds with shared meanings" (Mead 1982: 5).
The two most important roots of Mead's work, and of symbolic interactionism in general, are the philosophy of pragmatism and social (as opposed to psychological) behaviorism (i.e.: Mead was concerned with the stimuli of gestures and social objects with rich meanings rather than bare physical objects which psychological behaviourists considered stimuli). Pragmatism is a wide-ranging philosophical position from which several aspects of Mead's influences can be identified.
There are four main tenets of pragmatism (see Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy): First, to pragmatists true reality does not exist "out there" in the real world, it "is actively created as we act in and toward the world." Second, people remember and base their knowledge of the world on what has been useful to them and are likely to alter what no longer "works." Third, people define the social and physical "objects" they encounter in the world according to their use for them. Lastly, if we want to understand actors, we must base that understanding on what people actually do. Three of these ideas are critical to symbolic interactionism:

the focus on the interaction between the actor and the world
a view of both the actor and the world as dynamic processes and not static structures and
the actor's ability to interpret the social world.

Thus, to Mead and symbolic interactionists, consciousness is not separated from action and interaction, but is an integral part of both. Symbolic interactionism as a pragmatic philosophy was an antecedent to the philosophy of transactionalism.[21]
Mead's theories in part, based on pragmatism and behaviorism, were transmitted to many graduate students at the University of Chicago who then went on to establish symbolic interactionism.[4]:347–350
Social philosophy (behaviorism)[edit]
Mead was a very important figure in 20th century social philosophy. One of his most influential ideas was the emergence of mind and self from the communication process between organisms, discussed in Mind, Self and Society, also known as social behaviorism.[22] This concept of how the mind and self emerge from the social process of communication by signs founded the symbolic interactionist school of sociology. Rooted intellectually in Hegelian dialectics and process philosophy, Mead, like Dewey, developed a more materialist process philosophy that was based upon human action and specifically communicative action. Human activity is, in a pragmatic sense, the criterion of truth, and through human activity meaning is made. Joint activity, including communicative activity, is the means through which our sense of self is constituted. The essence of Mead's social behaviorism is that mind is not a substance located in some transcendent realm, nor is it merely a series of events that takes place within the human physiological structure. This approach opposed the traditional view of the mind as separate from the body. The emergence of mind is contingent upon interaction between the human organism and its social environment; it is through participation in the social act of communication that individuals realize their potential for significantly symbolic behavior, that is, thought. Mind, in Mead’s terms, is the individualized focus of the communication process. It is linguistic behavior on the part of the individual. There is, then, no “mind or thought without language;” and language (the content of mind) “is only a development and product of social interaction” (Mind, Self and Society 191-192). Thus, mind is not reducible to the neurophysiology of the organic individual, but is emergent in “the dynamic, ongoing social process” that constitutes human experience (Mind, Self and Society 7).[19]
For Mead, mind arises out of the social act of communication. Mead’s concept of the social act is relevant, not only to his theory of mind, but to all facets of his social philosophy. His theory of “mind, self, and society” is, in effect, a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of a social process involving the interaction of many individuals, just as his theory of knowledge and value is a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of the experiencing individual in interaction with an environment.[19] Action is very important to his social theory and, according to Mead, actions also occur within a communicative process. The initial phase of an act constitutes a gesture. A gesture is a preparatory movement that enables other individuals to become aware of the intentions of the given organism. The rudimentary situation is a conversation of gestures, in which a gesture on the part of the first individual evokes a preparatory movement on the part of the second, and the gesture of the second organism in turn calls out a response in the first person. On this level no communication occurs. Neither organism is aware of the effect of its own gestures upon the other; the gestures are nonsignificant. For communication to take place, each organism must have knowledge of how the other individual will respond to his own ongoing act. Here the gestures are significant symbols.[22] A significant symbol is a kind of gesture that only humans can make.[23] Gestures become significant symbols when they arouse in the individual who is making them the same kind of response they are supposed to elicit from those to whom the gestures are addressed. Only when we have significant symbols can we truly have communication.[4]:356–357 Mead grounded human perception in an "action-nexus" (Joas 1985: 148). We perceive the world in terms of the “means of living” (Mead 1982: 120). To perceive food, is to perceive eating. To perceive a house, is to perceive shelter. That is to say, perception is in terms of action. Mead's theory of perception is similar to that of J. J. Gibson.
Mead the social psychologist argued in tune with Durkheim that the individual is a product of an ongoing, preexisting society, or more specifically, social interaction that is a consequence of a sui generis society. The self arises when the individual becomes an object to themselves. Mead argued that we are objects first to other people, and secondarily we become objects to ourselves by taking the perspective of other people. Language enables us to talk about ourselves in the same way as we talk about other people, and thus through language we become other to ourselves.[24] In joint activity, which Mead called 'social acts', humans learn to see themselves from the standpoint of their co-actors. A central mechanism within the social act, which enables perspective taking, is position exchange. People within a social act often alternate social positions (e.g., giving/receiving, asking/helping, winning/losing, hiding/seeking, talking/listening). In children's games there is repeated position exchange, for example in hide-and-seek, and Mead argued that this is one of the main ways that perspective taking develops.
However, for Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, the key is not simply human action, but rather social action. In humans the "manipulatory phase of the act" is socially mediated, that is to say, in acting towards objects humans simultaneously take the perspectives of others towards that object. This is what Mead means by "the social act" as opposed to simply "the act" (the latter being a Deweyan concept). Non-human animals also manipulate objects, but that is a non-social manipulation, they do not take the perspective of other organisms toward the object. Humans on the other hand, take the perspective of other actors towards objects, and this is what enables complex human society and subtle social coordination. In the social act of economic exchange, for example, both buyer and seller must take each other's perspectives towards the object being exchanged. The seller must recognize the value for the buyer, while the buyer must recognize the desirability of money for the seller. Only with this mutual perspective taking can the economic exchange occur (Mead was influenced on this point by Adam Smith).
Nature of the self[edit]
A final piece of Mead's social theory is the mind as the individual importation of the social process.[25] Mead states, "The self is a social process," meaning that there are series of actions that go on in the mind to help formulate one's complete self. As previously discussed, Mead presented the self and the mind in terms of a social process. As gestures are taken in by the individual organism, the individual organism also takes in the collective attitudes of others, in the form of gestures, and reacts accordingly with other organized attitudes.[26] This process is characterized by Mead as the "I" and the "Me". The "Me" is the social self and the "I" is the response to the "Me." In other words, the "I" is the response of an individual to the attitudes of others, while the "me" is the organized set of attitudes of others which an individual assumes.[27][28]
Mead develops William James' distinction between the "I" and the "me." The "me" is the accumulated understanding of "the generalized other" i.e. how one thinks one's group perceives oneself etc. The "I" is the individual's impulses. The "I" is self as subject; the "me" is self as object. The "I" is the knower, the "me" is the known. The mind, or stream of thought, is the self-reflective movements of the interaction between the "I" and the "me." There is neither "I" nor "me" in the conversation of gestures; the whole act is not yet carried out, but the preparation takes place in this field of gesture.[29] These dynamics go beyond selfhood in a narrow sense, and form the basis of a theory of human cognition. For Mead the thinking process is the internalized dialogue between the "I" and the "me." Mead rooted the self’s “perception and meaning” deeply and sociologically in "a common praxis of subjects" (Joas 1985: 166) found specifically in social encounters. Understood as a combination of the 'I' and the 'me', Mead’s self proves to be noticeably entwined within a sociological existence. For Mead, existence in community comes before individual consciousness. First one must participate in the different social positions within society and only subsequently can one use that experience to take the perspective of others and thus become self-conscious.
Philosophy of science[edit]
Mead is a major American philosopher by virtue of being, along with John Dewey, Charles Peirce and William James, one of the founders of pragmatism. He also made significant contributions to the philosophies of nature, science, and history, to philosophical anthropology, and to process philosophy. Dewey and Alfred North Whitehead considered Mead a thinker of the first rank. He is a classic example of a social theorist whose work does not fit easily within conventional disciplinary boundaries.
As far as his work on the philosophy of science, Mead sought to find the psychological origin of science in the efforts of individuals to attain power over their environment. The notion of a physical object arises out of manipulatory experience. There is a social relation to inanimate objects, for the organism takes the role of things that it manipulates directly, or that it manipulates indirectly in perception. For example, in taking (introjecting or imitating) the resistant role of a solid object, an individual obtains cognition of what is "inside" nonliving things. Historically, the concept of the physical object arose from an animistic conception of the universe.
Contact experience includes experiences of position, balance, and support, and these are used by the organism when it creates its conceptions of the physical world. Our scientific concepts of space, time, and mass are abstracted from manipulatory experience. Such concepts as that of the electron are also derived from manipulation. In developing a science we construct hypothetical objects in order to assist ourselves in controlling nature. The conception of the present as a distinct unit of experience, rather than as a process of becoming and disappearing, is a scientific fiction devised to facilitate exact measurement. In the scientific worldview immediate experience is replaced by theoretical constructs. The ultimate in experience, however, is the manipulation and contact at the completion of an act.[22]
Play and game and the generalized other[edit]
Mead theorized that human beings begin their understanding of the social world through "play" and "game". "Play" comes first in the child's development. The child takes different roles he/she observes in "adult" society, and plays them out to gain an understanding of the different social roles. For instance, he first plays the role of policeman and then the role of thief while playing "Cops and Robbers," and plays the role of doctor and patient when playing "Doctor." As a result of such play, the child learns to become both subject and object and begins to become able to build a self. However, it is a limited self because the child can only take the role of distinct and separate others, they still lack a more general and organized sense of themselves.[4]:360
In the next stage, the game stage, it is required that a person develop a full sense of self. Whereas in the play stage the child takes on the role of distinct others, in the game stage the child must take the role of everyone else involved in the game. Furthermore, these roles must have a definite relationship to one another. To illustrate the game stage, Mead gives his famous example of a baseball game:

But in a game where a number of individuals are involved, then the child taking one role must be ready to take the role of everyone else. If he gets in a ball nine he must have the responses of each position involved in his own position. He must know what everyone else is going to do in order to carry out his own play. He has to take all of these roles. They do not all have to be present in consciousness at the same time, but at some moments he has to have three or four individuals present in his own attitude, such as the one who is going to throw the ball, the one who is going to catch it and so on. These responses must be, in some degree, present in his own make-up. In the game, then, there is a set of responses of such others so organized that the attitude of one calls out the appropriate attitudes of the other. (Mead, 1934/1962:151)

In the game stage, organization begins and definite personalities start to emerge. Children begin to become able to function in organized groups and most importantly, to determine what they will do within a specific group.[4]:360–361 Mead calls this the child's first encounter with "the generalized other", which is one of the main concepts Mead proposes for understanding the emergence of the (social) self in human beings. "The generalized other" can be thought of as understanding the given activity and the actors' place within the activity from the perspective of all the others engaged in the activity. Through understanding "the generalized other" the individual understands what kind of behavior is expected, appropriate and so on, in different social settings.
How does perspective taking occur according to Mead? It has been argued that social acts (such as games and routine forms of social interaction) enable perspective taking through 'position exchange'.[30] Assuming that games and routine social acts have differentiated social positions, and that these positions create our cognitive perspectives, then it might be that by moving between roles in a game (e.g. between hiding and seeking or buying and selling) we come to learn about the perspective of the other. This new interpretation of Mead's account of taking the perspective of the other has experimental support.[31]
Bibliography[edit]

1932. The Philosophy of the Present. Open Court Publishing.
1934. Mind, Self, and Society. Ed. by Charles W. Morris. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4
1936. Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century. Ed. by C. W. Morris. University of Chicago Press.
1938. The Philosophy of the Act. Ed. by C.W. Morris et al. University of Chicago Press.
1964. Selected Writings. Ed. by A. J. Reck. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-51671-4 This volume collects articles Mead himself prepared for publication.
1982. The Individual and the Social Self: Unpublished Essays by G. H. Mead. Ed. by David L. Miller. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-608-09479-3
2001. Essays in Social Psychology. Ed. by M. J. Deegan. Transaction Books. (Book review [32])
2011. G.H. Mead. A Reader. Ed. by F.C. Silva. Routledge.

See also[edit]


James Mark Baldwin
Lev Vygotsky
Chicago School (sociology)


Notes and references[edit]


^ Baldwin, John (2009). George Herbert Mead. Sage. p. 7. ISBN 0-8039-2320-1. 
^ Cook, Gary A. (1993). George Herbert Mead: the making of a social pragmatist. University of Illinois Press. p. 4. ISBN 978-0-252-06272-8. 
^ Miller, David (2009). George Herbert Mead: Self, Language, and the World. University of Texas Press. pp. xii–xix. ISBN 0-292-72700-3. 
^ a b c d e f Ritzer, George (2008). Sociological Theory. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-07-352818-2. 
^ George H. Mead (1907). "The Social Settlement: Its basis and function". University of Chicago Record: 108–110. 
^ Ritzer, George (2004). Encyclopedia of Social Theory. Thousand Oaks, California: SAGE Publications. p. 491. ISBN 0-7619-2611-9. 
^ "George Herbert Mead, Philosophy". www.lib.uchicago.edu. Retrieved 2016-02-10. 
^ [1] “Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines” (1900)
^ [2] “Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning” (1910)
^ [3] “What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose” (1910)
^ [4] “The Mechanism of Social Consciousness”
^ [5] “The Social Self” (1913)
^ [6] “Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker” (1917)
^ [7] “A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol” (1922)
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Genesis of the Self and Social Control". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Objective Reality of Perspectives". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Nature of the Past". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ "George Herbert Mead: The Philosophies of Royce, James and Dewey in their American setting". Brocku.ca. Retrieved 2013-08-01. 
^ a b c Cronk, George (2005), "George Herbert Mead", in Fieser, James; Dowden, Bradley, The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy 
^ The Mead Project at Brock University
^ Phillips, Trevor J. (2015-11-22). Tibbels, Kirkland; Patterson, John, eds. Transactionalism: An Historical and Interpretive Study (2 edition ed.). Influence Ecology. p. 54. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ a b c Desmonde, William H (2006) [1967]. "Mead, George Herbert (1863-1931)". In Borchert, Donald M. Encyclopedia of Philosophy. 6. Macmillan Reference. pp. 79–82. ISBN 0-02-865786-1. 
^ This has been a contentious issue in the burgeoning field of Human Animal Studies. For a discussion see Wilkie, R. & McKinnon, A. (2013). 'George Herbert Mead on Humans and Other Animals: Social Relations after Human-Animal Studies'. Sociological Research Online, vol 18, no. 4, 19. [8]
^ Gillespie, Alex (2006). Becoming Other: From Social Interaction to Self-Reflection. Information Age Publishing. ISBN 978-1-59311-230-1. 
^ edited, George H. Mead ;; Morris, with an introduction by Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 178–179. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Mead, George H.; Morris, Charles W. (1967). Mind, self, and society from the standpoint of a social behaviorist. Chicago London: University of Chicago Press. pp. 174–186. ISBN 9780226516608. 
^ Margolis, Joseph; Jacques Catudal (2001). The Quarrel between Invariance and Flux. Pennsylvania: Pennsylvania State University Press. 
^ Mead, George (1934). MIND, SELF and SOCIETY. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 978-0-226-51668-4. 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Position exchange: The social development of agency". 
^ Alex Gillespie. "Exchanging social positions: Enhancing intersubjective coordination within a joint task". 
^ [9] Archived June 17, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.


Further reading[edit]

Aboulafia, Mitchell (ed.) (1991) Philosophy, Social Theory, and the Thought of George Herbert Mead. SUNY Press.
Aboulafia, Mitchell (2001) The Cosmopolitan Self: George Herbert Mead and Continental Philosophy. University of Illinois Press.
Blumer, H. & Morrione, T.J. (2004) George Herbert Mead and Human Conduct. New York: Altamira Press.
Conesa-Sevilla, J. (2005). The Realm of Continued Emergence: The Semiotics of George Herbert Mead and its Implications to Biosemiotics, Semiotics Matrix Theory, and Ecological Ethics. Sign Systems Studies, September, 2005, Tartu University, Estonia.
Gillespie, A. (2005) "G.H. Mead: Theorist of the social act," [10] Journal for the Theory of Social Behaviour 35: 19-39.
Gillespie, A. (2006). Games and the development of perspective taking [11]. Human Development, 49, 87-92.
Joas, Hans (1985) G.H. Mead: A Contemporary Re-examination of His Thought. MIT Press.
Habermas, Jürgen (1992) "Individuation through socialization: On George Herbert Mead’s theory of socialization," in Habermas, Postmetaphysical Thinking, translated by William Mark Hohengarten. MIT Press.
Honneth, Axel (1996) "Recognition and socialization: Mead's naturalistic transformation of Hegel's idea," in Honneth, Struggle for Recognition: The Moral Grammar of Social Conflicts, translated by Joel Anderson. MIT Press.
Lewis, J.D. (1979) "A social behaviorist interpretation of the Meadian 'I'," American Journal of Sociology 85: 261-287.
Lundgren, D.C. (2004) "Social feedback and self-appraisals: Current status of the Mead-Cooley hypothesis," Symbolic Interaction 27: 267-286.
Miller, David L. (1973) G.H. Mead: Self, Language and the World. University of Chicago Press.
Sánchez de la Yncera, Ignacio (1994) La Mirada Reflexiva de G.H. Mead. Centro de Investigaciones Sociológicas.
Shalin, Dmitri (1988) "G. H. Mead, socialism, and the progressive agenda," American Journal of Sociology 93: 913-951.
Silva, F. C. (2007) G.H. Mead. A Critical Introduction. Cambridge: Polity Press.
Silva, F. C. (2008) Mead and Modernity. Science, Selfhood and Democratic Politics. Lanham: Lexington Books.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Herbert Mead



Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy: "George Herbert Mead"—by George Cronk.
Mead Project 2.0. Mead's published and unpublished writings, many of which are available online, along with others'.
Review materials for studying George Herbert Mead
The Social Self - by George Herbert Mead (1913)
George Herbert Mead by Mitchell Aboulafia - Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Works by George Herbert Mead at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about George Herbert Mead at Internet Archive
Works by George Herbert Mead at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 36980050
LCCN: n50013667
ISNI: 0000 0001 2128 2025
GND: 118579770
SELIBR: 251039
SUDOC: 031673805
BNF: cb12284412h (data)
NLA: 35343805
NDL: 00471458
NKC: jn20000701201
BNE: XX861922










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Herbert_Mead&oldid=787298146"					
Categories: 1863 births1931 deathsPeople from South Hadley, Massachusetts20th-century American philosophersAmerican psychologistsAmerican sociologistsSocial psychologistsPragmatistsLabeling theoryCommunication scholarsSocial philosophersPhilosophers of sciencePhilosophers of social sciencePhilosophical anthropologyPhilosophers of historyProcess theoryOberlin College alumniHarvard University alumniUniversity of Michigan facultyUniversity of Chicago facultyWhitney family of ConnecticutHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra textWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


Bân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어IdoÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаلۊری شومالیLatviešuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 June 2017, at 16:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Notebooks, Binders, Folders & Student Planners | Mead














































Session has expired. 
Please click here to go to Home page.












My 
Account & Help
▼


My 
Account & Help
▲





Login





Shopping US Site  | Canada 

Customer Service


1-800-565-5396






Email Signup
    





View Cart

0



$0.00

   




Mead 


Choose a Brand Brands ▼
Choose a Brand Brands ▲


 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 Shop
							By Category
















Shopping US Site  | Canada 



				Customer Service
			


1-800-565-5396






Email Signup

REORDER














  





Get Free Shipping on your order of $50 or more! Enter code SHIPFREE50 at checkout.















Start Fresh
It's easy to renew your order




Last Name



Enter Phone #, Email Address, or Invoice #

 


  
  







Teachers, We Have Your Essentials





  




Stock Up on School Supplies





  
 









													Planners & Calendars
												




Planners
Calendars
Decorative Calendars


 






													Folders & Binders
												




Folders
Binders
Expanding Files


 






													Notebooks
												




School Notebooks
Business Notebooks
Notes


 






													Business Notebooks
												




Black n' Red
Mead Cambridge


 






													Art Supplies
												




Derwent
Mead ACADEMIE
Adult Coloring Books


 






													Office Supplies
												




Writing Tools
Laminators & Supplies
Notepads & Index Cards


 






													Early Learning 
												




Dry Erase
Flashcards
Reading & Writing


 






													Trapper Keeper
												




Binders
Folders
Notebooks


 
  

More Great Products





 









Back
					to top




 















Carver Mead - Wikipedia






















 






Carver Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carver Mead



Carver Mead in 2002



Born
(1934-05-01) May 1, 1934 (age 83)
Bakersfield, California


Nationality
American


Thesis
Transistor Switching Analysis (1960)


Doctoral advisor
R. D. Middlebrook
Robert V. Langmuir


Notable awards
National Medal of Technology
2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award
Computer History Museum Fellow (2002)



External video




 Carver Mead, Winner of 1999 Lemelson-MIT Prize, Lemelson Foundation


 Carver Mead - Semiconductors, April 17, 2014, The Official ACM


 Carver Mead presents The Universe and Us: An Integrated Theory of Electromagnetics and Gravitation, TTI/Vanguard


Carver Andress Mead (born 1 May 1934) is a US scientist and engineer. He currently holds the position of Gordon and Betty Moore Professor Emeritus of Engineering and Applied Science at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), having taught there for over 40 years.[1] Mead is an enthusiastic instructor, and he advised the first female electrical engineering student at Caltech, Louise Kirkbride.[2] His contributions as a teacher include the classic textbook Introduction to VLSI Design (1980), which he coauthored with Lynn Conway.
A pioneer of modern microelectronics, he has made contributions to the development and design of semiconductors, digital chips, and silicon compilers, technologies which form the foundations of modern very-large-scale integration chip design. In the 1980s, he focused on electronic modelling of human neurology and biology, creating "neuromorphic electronic systems."[3][4][5] Mead has been involved in the founding of more than 20 companies.[6] Most recently, he has called for the reconceptualization of modern physics, revisiting the theoretical debates of Niels Bohr, Albert Einstein and others in light of later experiments and developments in instrumentation.[7]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Microelectronics

2.1 GaAs MESFET
2.2 Moore's law
2.3 Mead–Conway VLSI design


3 Neural models of computing

3.1 Touch
3.2 Hearing
3.3 Vision
3.4 Synapses


4 Reconceptualizing Physics
5 Companies
6 Awards
7 External links
8 References



Early life and education[edit]
Carver Andress Mead was born in Bakersfield, California and grew up in Kernville, California. His father worked in a power plant at the Big Creek Hydroelectric Project, owned by Southern California Edison Company.[7] Carver attended a tiny local school for some years, then moved to Fresno, California to live with his grandmother so that he could attend a larger high school.[2] He became interested in electricity and electronics while very young, seeing the work at the power plant, experimenting with electrical equipment, qualifying for an amateur radio license and in high school working at local radio stations.[8]
Mead studied electrical engineering at Caltech, getting his BS in 1956, his MS in 1957, and his PhD degree in 1960.[9][10]
Microelectronics[edit]
Mead's contributions have arisen from the application of basic physics to the development of electronic devices, often in novel ways. During the 1960s, he carried out systematic investigations into the energy behavior of electrons in insulators and semiconductors, developing a deep understanding of electron tunneling, barrier behavior and hot-electron transport.[11] In 1960, he was the first person to describe and demonstrate a three-terminal solid-state device based on the operating principles of electron tunnelling and hot-electron transport.[12] In 1962 he demonstrated that using tunnel emission, hot electrons retained energy when traveling nanometer distances in gold.[13] His studies of III-V compounds (with W. G. Spitzer) established the importance of interface states, laying the groundwork for band-gap engineering and the development of heterojunction devices.[11][14][15][16]
GaAs MESFET[edit]
In 1966, Mead designed the first gallium arsenide gate field-effect transistor using a Schottky barrier diode to isolate the gate from the channel.[17] As a material, GaAs offers much higher electron mobility and higher saturation velocity than silicon.[18] The GaAs MESFET became the dominant microwave semiconductor device, used in a variety of high-frequency wireless electronics, including microwave communication systems in radio telescopes, satellite dishes and cellular phones. Carver's work on MESFETs also became the basis for the later development of HEMTs (High-electron-mobility transistors) by Fujitsu in 1980. HEMTs, like MESFETs, are accumulation-mode devices used in microwave receivers and telecommunication systems.[18]
Moore's law[edit]
Mead is credited by Gordon Moore with coining the term Moore's law,[19] to denote the prediction Moore made in 1965 about the growth rate of the component count, "a component being a transistor, resistor, diode or capacitor,"[20] fitting on a single integrated circuit. Moore and Mead began collaborating around 1959 when Moore gave Mead "cosmetic reject" transistors from Fairchild Semiconductor for his students to use in his classes. During the 1960s Mead made weekly visits to Fairchild, visiting the research and development labs and discussing their work with Moore. During one of their discussions, Moore asked Mead whether electron tunneling might limit the size of a workable transistor. When told that it would, he asked what the limit would be.[21]
Stimulated by Moore's question, Mead and his students began a physics-based analysis of possible materials, trying to determine a lower bound for Moore's Law. In 1968, Mead demonstrated, contrary to common assumptions, that as transistors decreased in size, they would not become more fragile or hotter or more expensive or slower. Rather, he argued that transistors would get faster, better, cooler and cheaper as they were miniaturized.[22] His results were initially met with considerable skepticism, but as designers experimented, more and more results supported his assertion.[21] In 1972, Mead and graduate student Bruce Hoeneisen predicted that transistors could be made as small as 0.15 microns. This lower limit to transistor size was considerably smaller than had been generally expected.[22] Despite initial doubts, Mead's prediction influenced the computer industry's development of submicron technology.[21] When Mead's predicted target was achieved in actual transistor development in 2000, the transistor was highly similar to the one Mead had originally described.[23]
Mead–Conway VLSI design[edit]
Mead was the first to predict the possibility of storing millions of transistors on a chip. His prediction implied that substantial changes in technology would have to occur to achieve such scalability. Mead was one of the first researchers to investigate techniques for very-large-scale integration, designing and creating high-complexity microchips.[24]
He taught the world's first VLSI design course, at Caltech in 1970. Throughout the 1970s, with involvement and feedback from a succession of classes, Mead developed his ideas of integrated circuit and system design. He worked with Ivan Sutherland and Frederick B. Thompson to establish Computer Science as a department at Caltech, which formally occurred in 1976.[25][26] Also in 1976, Mead co-authored a DARPA report with Ivan Sutherland and Thomas Eugene Everhart, assessing the limitations of current microelectronics fabrication and recommending research into the system design implications of "very-large-scale integrated circuits".[27]
Beginning in 1975, Carver Mead collaborated with Lynn Conway from Xerox PARC.[24] They developed the landmark text Introduction to VLSI systems, published in 1979, an important spearhead of the Mead & Conway revolution.[28] A pioneering textbook, it has been used in VLSI integrated circuit education all over the world for decades.[29] The circulation of early preprint chapters in classes and among other researchers attracted widespread interest and created a community of people interested in the approach.[30] They also demonstrated the feasibility of multi-project shared-wafer methodology, creating chips for students in their classes.[31][32][33][34]
Their work caused a paradigm shift,[34] a "fundamental reassessment" of the development of integrated circuits,[24] and "revolutionized the world of computers".[35] In 1981, Mead and Conway received the Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine in recognition of their contributions.[24] More than 30 years later, the impact of their work is still being assessed.[36]
Building on the ideas of VLSI design, Mead and his Ph.D. student David L. Johannsen created the first silicon compiler, capable of taking a user's specifications and automatically generating an integrated circuit.[37][38] Mead, Johannsen, Edmund K. Cheng and others formed Silicon Compilers Inc. (SCI) in 1981. SCI designed one of the key chips for Digital Equipment Corporation’s MicroVAX minicomputer.[38][39]
Mead and Conway laid the groundwork for the development of the MOSIS (Metal Oxide Semiconductor Implementation Service) and the fabrication of the first CMOS chip.[36] Mead advocated for the idea of Fabless manufacturing in which customers specify their design needs to fabless semiconductor companies. The companies then design special-purpose chips and outsource the chip fabrication to less expensive overseas semiconductor foundries.[40]
Neural models of computing[edit]
Next Carver Mead began to explore the potential for modelling biological systems of computation, both animal and human brains. His interest in biological models dated back at least to 1967, when he met biophysicist Max Delbrück. Delbrück had stimulated Mead's interest in transducer physiology, the transformations that occur between the physical input initiating a perceptual process and eventual perceptual phenomena.[41]
Observing graded synaptic transmission in the retina, Mead became interested in the potential to treat transistors as analog devices rather than digital switches.[42] He noted parallels between charges moving in MOS transistors operated in weak inversion and charges flowing across the membranes of neurons.[43] He worked with Professor John Hopfield and Nobelist Richard Feynman, helping to create three new fields: Neural Networks, Neuromorphic Engineering, and the Physics of Computation.[10] Mead, considered a founder of Neuromorphic Engineering, is credited with coining the term "neuromorphic processors".[3][5][44]
Developing this new direction, Mead was successful in finding venture capital funding to support the start of a number of companies, in part due to an early connection with Arnold Beckman, chairman of the Caltech Board of Trustees.[10] Mead has said that his preferred approach to development is "technology push", exploring something interesting and then developing useful applications for it.[45]
Touch[edit]
In 1986, Mead and Federico Faggin founded Synaptics Inc. to develop analog circuits based in neural networking theories, suitable for use in vision and speech recognition. The first product that Synaptics brought to market was a pressure-sensitive computer touchpad, a form of sensing technology that rapidly replaced the trackball and mouse in laptop computers.[46][47] The Synaptics touchpad was extremely successful, at one point capturing 70% of the touchpad market.[22]
Hearing[edit]
In 1988, Richard Francis Lyon and Carver Mead described the creation of an analog cochlea, modelling the fluid-dynamic traveling-wave system of the auditory portion of the inner ear.[48] Lyon had previously described a computational model for the work of the cochlea.[49] Such technology had potential applications in hearing aids, cochlear implants, and a variety of speech-recognition devices. Their work has inspired ongoing research, attempting to create a silicon analog that can emulate the signal processing capacities of a biological cochlea.[50][51]
In 1991, Mead helped to form Sonix Technologies, Inc. (later Sonic Innovations Inc.), founded by Brigham Young University professors Doug Chabries and Richard Christiansen in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mead designed the computer chip for their hearing aids. In addition to being small, the chip was said to be the most powerful used in a hearing aid. Release of the company's first product, the Natura hearing aid, occurred in September 1998.[52]
Vision[edit]
In the late 1980s, Mead advised Misha Mahowald, a PhD student in Computation and Neural Systems, to develop the silicon retina, using analog electrical circuits to mimic the biological functions of rod cells, cone cells, and other non-photoreceptive cells in the retina of the eye.[53] Her 1992 thesis received Caltech's Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize for its originality and "potential for opening up new avenues of human thought and endeavor".[54] As of 2001[update] her work was considered "the best attempt to date" to develop a stereoscopic vision system.[55] Mead went on to describe an adaptive silicon retina, using a two-dimensional resistive network to model the first layer of visual processing in the outer plexiform layer of the retina.[56]
Around 1999, Mead and others established Foveon, Inc. in Santa Clara, California to develop new digital camera technology based on neurally-inspired CMOS image sensor/processing chips.[22] The image sensors in the Foveon X3 digital camera capture multiple colors for each pixel, detecting red, green and blue at different levels in the silicon sensor. This provides more complete information and better quality photos compared to standard cameras that detect one color per pixel.[57] It has been hailed as revolutionary.[22] In 2005, Carver Mead, Richard B. Merrill and Richard Francis Lyon of Foveon were awarded the Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society, for the development of the Foveon X3 sensor.[58]
Synapses[edit]
Mead's work underlies the development of computer processors whose electronic components are connected in ways that resemble biological synapses.[44] In 1995 and 1996 Mead, Hasler, Diorio, and Minch presented single transistor silicon synapses capable of analog learning applications[59] and long-term memory storage.[60] Carver pioneered the use of floating-gate transistors as a means of non-volatile storage for neuromorphic and other analog circuits.[61][62][63][64]
Mead and Diorio went on to found Impinj based on their work with floating-gate transistors. Using low-power methods of storing charges on floating-gate transistors, Impinj developed applications for flash memory storage and radio frequency identity tags (RFID).[45][65]
Reconceptualizing Physics[edit]
Carver Mead has developed an approach he calls Collective Electrodynamics in which electromagnetic effects, including quantized energy transfer, are derived from the interactions of the wavefunctions of electrons behaving collectively.[66] In this formulation, the photon is a non-entity, and Planck's energy–frequency relationship comes from the interactions of electron eigenstates. The approach is related to John Cramer's transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics, to the Wheeler–Feynman absorber theory of electrodynamics, and to Gilbert N. Lewis's early description of electromagnetic energy exchange at zero interval in spacetime.
This reconceptualization makes predictions that differ from general relativity.[67] For instance, gravitational waves should have a different polarization under "G4v", the name given to this new theory of gravity. Moreover, this difference in polarization can be detected by advanced LIGO.[68]
Companies[edit]
Mead has been involved in the founding of at least 20 companies. The following list indicates some of the most significant, and their main contributions.

Actel, field programmable gate arrays[6][45]
Foveon, silicon sensors for photographic imaging[8][41][45]
Impinj, self-adaptive microchips for flash memory and RFID[8][69]
Silicon Compilers, integrated circuit design[6]
Sonic Innovations, computer chips for hearing aids[6]
Synaptics, touch pads for computers[6][45]
Silerity, automated chip design software[70]

Awards[edit]

2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award of Information and Communication Technologies "... for his influential thinking in silicon technology. His work has enabled the development of the microchips that drive the electronic devices (laptops, tablets, smartphones, DVD players) ubiquitous in our daily lives."[71]
2005, Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society[72]
2002, National Medal of Technology[6][73]
2002, Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his contributions in pioneering the automation, methodology and teaching of integrated circuit design".[1]
2001, Dickson Prize in Science, award announced 2001, lecture March 19, 2002[74]
1999, Lemelson-MIT Prize[8]
1997, Allen Newell Award, Association for Computing Machinery[4][8]
1996, John Von Neumann Medal, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers[8]
1996, Phil Kaufman Award for his impact on electronic design industry[75]
1992, Award for Outstanding Research, International Neural Network Society[8]
1985, John Price Wetherill Medal from The Franklin Institute, with Lynn Conway[76]
1985, Harry H. Goode Memorial Award, American Federation of Information Processing Societies[8]
1984, Harold Pender Award, with Lynn Conway[77]
1981, Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine, with Lynn Conway[24]

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Carver Mead





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries




By Carver Mead




Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Official Website
Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). "Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– )" (PDF). Oral History Project. Pasadena, California: California Institute of Technology Archives. 

References[edit]


^ a b "Carver Mead 2002 Fellow". Computer History Museum. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b "The Life of a Caltech "Lifer"". Caltech. Caltech News and Events. Retrieved May 1, 2014. 
^ a b Furber, Steve (2016). "Large-scale neuromorphic computing systems". Journal of Neural Engineering. Bristol: IOP Publishing. 13 (5): 051001. PMID 27529195. doi:10.1088/1741-2560/13/5/051001.  
^ a b "Carver Mead to receive ACM Allen Newell Award". ACM Pressroom. September 30, 1997. Retrieved 5 June 2015. 
^ a b Marcus, Gary (November 20, 2012). "The Brain in the Machine". The New Yorker. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f "National Medal of Technology awardedby President Bush to Caltech's Carver Mead". Calrech News and Events. October 22, 2003. 
^ a b "Carver Mead". American Spectator. 34 (7): 68. 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g h Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Carver Mead". Computation & Neural Systems. California Institute of Technology. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b c Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– ) (PDF). Pasadena, California: Oral History Project, California Institute of Technology Archives. 
^ a b Mead, Carver A. "Brief sketch of contributions" (PDF). Caltech. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1960). "The Tunnel-Emission Amplifier". Proceedings of the IRE. 48 (3): 359–361. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1 July 1962). "Transport of Hot Electrons in Thin Gold Films.". Physical Review Letters. 9 (1): 46–46. Bibcode:1962PhRvL...9...46M. doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.9.46. 
^ Spitzer, W. G.; Mead, C. A. (1963). "Barrier Height Studies on Metal-Semiconductor Systems". Journal of Applied Physics. 34 (10): 3061. doi:10.1063/1.1729121. 
^ Mead, C. A.; Spitzer, W. G. (4 May 1964). "Fermi Level Position at Metal-Semiconductor Interfaces". Physical Review. 134 (3A): A713–A716. doi:10.1103/PhysRev.134.A713. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Wilmsen, Carl (2012). Physics and Chemistry of Iii-v Compound Semiconductor Interfaces. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4684-4837-5. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C.A. (1966). "Schottky barrier gate field effect transistor". Proceedings of the IEEE. 54 (2): 307–308. doi:10.1109/PROC.1966.4661. 
^ a b Voinigescu, Sorin (2013). High-frequency integrated circuits. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 254–264. ISBN 9780521873024. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (March 9, 2005). "Moore says nanoelectronics face tough challenges". CNET News. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Moore, Gordon E. (1995). "Lithography and the future of Moore's law" (PDF). SPIE. Retrieved 2014-05-27. 
^ a b c Brock, David C., ed. (2006). Understanding Moore's law : four decades of innovation. Philadelphia, Pa: Chemical Heritage Press. pp. 97–100. ISBN 0941901416. 
^ a b c d e Gilder, George (July 5, 1999). "Carver Mead's fabulous camera". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kilbane, Doris (2005). "Carver Mead: A Trip Through Four Eras Of Innovation". Electronic Design. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Marshall, Martin; Waller, Larry; Wolff, Howard (October 20, 1981). "The 1981 Achievement Award". Electronics. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Frederick B. Thompson 1922–2014". Caltech. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Computer Science @ Caltech : History". 50th Anniversary Celebration. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Sutherland, Ivan E.; Mead, Carver A.; Everhart, Thomas E. (1976). R-1956-ARPA November 1976 Basic Limitations in Microcircuit Fabrication Technology. The Rand Corporation. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael A. (November 19, 2000). "Through the Gender Labyrinth". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (2007). Dealers of lightning : Xerox PARC and the dawn of the computer age. New York: HarperBusiness. ISBN 9780887309892. 
^ Conway, Lynn. "Drafts of the Mead-Conway textbook, Introduction to VLSI Systems". University of Michigan. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, Lynn Conway, Xerox PARC Technical Report VLSI-81-2, January 19, 1981.
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, by Lynn Conway, Microprocessing and Microprogramming – The Euromicro Journal, Vol. 10, No. 4, November 1982, pp 209-228.
^ "MPWs: Catalyst of IC Production Innovation". The MOSIS Service. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b House, Chuck (2012). "A Paradigm Shift Was Happening All Around Us" (PDF). IEEE Solid State Circuits Magazine. 4 (4): 32–35. doi:10.1109/mssc.2012.2215759. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Allman, W.F. (October 21, 1991). "The man who crafts cathedrals of sand". U.S. News & World Report. 111 (17): 80. 
^ a b Casale-Rossi, Marco; et. al. (18 March 2013). "Panel: The heritage of Mead & Conway What has remained the same, what was missed, what has changed, what lies ahead" (PDF). Design, Automation & Test in Europe Conference & Exhibition (DATE): 171–175. doi:10.7873/date.2013.049. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Johannsen, D. L., "Bristle Blocks: A Silicon Compiler," Proceedings 16th Design Automation Conference, 310–313, June 1979.
^ a b Lammers, David (April 30, 2015). "Moore’s Law Milestones". IEEE Spectrum. 
^ Cheng, Edmund; Fairbairn, Douglas (March 10, 2014). "Oral History of Edmund Cheng" (PDF). Computer History Museum. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Brown, Clair; Linden, Greg (2011). Chips and change : how crisis reshapes the semiconductor industry (1st ed.). Cambridge, Mass.: MIT Press. ISBN 9780262516822. 
^ a b Gilder, George (2005). The Silicon Eye: How a Silicon Valley Company Aims to Make All Current Computers, Cameras, and Cell Phones Obsolete (1st ed.). New York: W.W. Norton & Co. ISBN 978-0393057638. 
^ Indiveri, Giacomo; Horiuchi, Timothy K. (2011). "Frontiers in Neuromorphic Engineering". Frontiers in Neuroscience. 5. PMC 3189639 . PMID 22013408. doi:10.3389/fnins.2011.00118. 
^ Mead, Carver (1989). Analog VLSI and neural systems. Reading, Mass.: Addison-Wesley. ISBN 978-0201059922. 
^ a b Markoff, John (December 28, 2013). "Brainlike Computers, Learning From Experience". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Reiss, Spencer (2004). "Carver Mead's Natural Inspiration" (PDF). Technology Review. Retrieved 2010-07-23. 
^ Markoff, John (October 24, 1994). "Pad to Replace Computer Mouse Is Set for Debut". The New York Times. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Diehl, Stanford; Lennon, Anthony J.; McDonough, John (Oct 1995). "Touchpads to Navigate By". Byte. Green Publishing (October 1995): 150. ISSN 0360-5280. 
^ Lyon, R. F.; Mead, C. (1988). "An analog electronic cochlea". IEEE Trans. on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing. 36: 1119–1134. doi:10.1109/29.1639. 
^ Richard F. Lyon, "A Computational Model of Filtering, Detection, and Compression in the Cochlea", Proceedings IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing, Paris, May 1982.
^ Lyon, Richard F. (1991). "Analog implementations of auditory models". Proc. DARPA Workshop on Speech and Natural Language. 
^ Wen, Bo; Boahen, Kwabena (December 2009). "A Silicon Cochlea With Active Coupling". IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and Systems. 3 (6): 444–455. doi:10.1109/TBCAS.2009.2027127. 
^ "Sonic Innovations Inc. History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mahowald, Misha A.; Mead, Carver (May 1991). "The Silicon Retina". Scientific American. 264 (5): 76–82. PMID 2052936. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0591-76. 
^ "Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize". Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "An incurable itch". Technology Quarterly (Q3). September 20, 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver A. (2011). "Adaptive Retina". In Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M. Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. 
^ "Foveon X3 technology overview". Digital Photography Review. February 11, 2002. 
^ Peters, Mark (6 November 2005). "Royal Photographic Society Award for Foveon sensor". 
^ Diorio, C.; Hasler, P.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1995). "A single-transistor silicon synapse". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 43 (11): 1972–1980. doi:10.1109/16.543035. 
^ Hasler, P.; Diorio, C.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1999). "Single transistor learning synapse with long term storage". Proceedings of the 1995 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 3: 1660–1663. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1995.523729. 
^ Diorio, Chris; Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Mead, Carver (1998). "Floating-Gate MOS Synapse Transistors". In Lande, Tor Sverre. Neuromorphic systems engineering : neural networks in silicon. Boston, Massachusetts: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8158-7. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M., eds. (2011). Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. (PDF). Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Diorio, Chris (1999). "Floating-gate devices: they are not just for digital memories any more" (PDF). ISCAS '99. Proceedings of the 1999 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 2: 388–391. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1999.780740. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Cauwenberghs, Gert; Bayoumi, Magdy A. (1999). Learning on silicon : adaptive VLSI neural systems. Boston: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8555-4. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Veterans Affairs to Install RFID in Hospitals across America". Impinj. 14 June 2013. 
^ Mead, Carver (2002). Collective Electrodynamics: Quantum Foundations of Electromagnetism. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-63260-8. 
^ http://arxiv.org/abs/1503.04866
^ Isi, M.; Weinstein, A. J.; Mead, C.; Pitkin, M. (20 April 2015). "Detecting beyond-Einstein polarizations of continuous gravitational waves.". Physical Review D. 91 (8). doi:10.1103/PhysRevD.91.082002. 
^ "Impinj Adds New Piece Of The RFID Puzzle" (PDF). Scan: The Data Capture Report. February 28, 2014. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Viewlogic Acquires Silerity". Business Wire. 1995. 
^ "BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award". Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Progress Medal". RPS. Retrieved 6 March 2017. 
^ "President Bush Announces the Laureates of the 2002 National Medals of Science and Technology". The White House. October 22, 2003. 
^ Towey, Laine (March 8, 2002). "Microelectronics Pioneer Carver Mead Wins $47,000 Dickson Prize". Carnegie Mellon News. Carnegie Mellon University. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Newton, A. Richard (November 12, 1996). "Presentation of the 1996 Phil Kaufman Award to Professor Carver A. Mead". Berkeley Engineering. 
^ "Franklin Institute Honors Eight Physicists". Physics Today. 38 (7): 84. 1985. doi:10.1063/1.2814644. 
^ "The Harold Pender Award". School of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved February 5, 2011. 





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 32253855
LCCN: n79003041
ISNI: 0000 0001 1756 9138
GND: 143053000
SUDOC: 058604561
BNF: cb14636327p (data)
MGP: 123055
NDL: 00449614










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carver_Mead&oldid=786927216"					
Categories: 1934 birthsMembers of the United States National Academy of SciencesLiving peopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican electronics engineersAmerican computer businesspeopleElectronic design automation peopleLemelson–MIT PrizeNational Medal of Technology recipientsCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniCalifornia Institute of Technology facultyMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2001All articles containing potentially dated statementsUse dmy dates from August 2010Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةDeutschEspañolFrançaisLatinaMalagasy日本語PolskiPortuguês中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carver Mead - Wikipedia






















 






Carver Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carver Mead



Carver Mead in 2002



Born
(1934-05-01) May 1, 1934 (age 83)
Bakersfield, California


Nationality
American


Thesis
Transistor Switching Analysis (1960)


Doctoral advisor
R. D. Middlebrook
Robert V. Langmuir


Notable awards
National Medal of Technology
2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award
Computer History Museum Fellow (2002)



External video




 Carver Mead, Winner of 1999 Lemelson-MIT Prize, Lemelson Foundation


 Carver Mead - Semiconductors, April 17, 2014, The Official ACM


 Carver Mead presents The Universe and Us: An Integrated Theory of Electromagnetics and Gravitation, TTI/Vanguard


Carver Andress Mead (born 1 May 1934) is a US scientist and engineer. He currently holds the position of Gordon and Betty Moore Professor Emeritus of Engineering and Applied Science at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), having taught there for over 40 years.[1] Mead is an enthusiastic instructor, and he advised the first female electrical engineering student at Caltech, Louise Kirkbride.[2] His contributions as a teacher include the classic textbook Introduction to VLSI Design (1980), which he coauthored with Lynn Conway.
A pioneer of modern microelectronics, he has made contributions to the development and design of semiconductors, digital chips, and silicon compilers, technologies which form the foundations of modern very-large-scale integration chip design. In the 1980s, he focused on electronic modelling of human neurology and biology, creating "neuromorphic electronic systems."[3][4][5] Mead has been involved in the founding of more than 20 companies.[6] Most recently, he has called for the reconceptualization of modern physics, revisiting the theoretical debates of Niels Bohr, Albert Einstein and others in light of later experiments and developments in instrumentation.[7]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Microelectronics

2.1 GaAs MESFET
2.2 Moore's law
2.3 Mead–Conway VLSI design


3 Neural models of computing

3.1 Touch
3.2 Hearing
3.3 Vision
3.4 Synapses


4 Reconceptualizing Physics
5 Companies
6 Awards
7 External links
8 References



Early life and education[edit]
Carver Andress Mead was born in Bakersfield, California and grew up in Kernville, California. His father worked in a power plant at the Big Creek Hydroelectric Project, owned by Southern California Edison Company.[7] Carver attended a tiny local school for some years, then moved to Fresno, California to live with his grandmother so that he could attend a larger high school.[2] He became interested in electricity and electronics while very young, seeing the work at the power plant, experimenting with electrical equipment, qualifying for an amateur radio license and in high school working at local radio stations.[8]
Mead studied electrical engineering at Caltech, getting his BS in 1956, his MS in 1957, and his PhD degree in 1960.[9][10]
Microelectronics[edit]
Mead's contributions have arisen from the application of basic physics to the development of electronic devices, often in novel ways. During the 1960s, he carried out systematic investigations into the energy behavior of electrons in insulators and semiconductors, developing a deep understanding of electron tunneling, barrier behavior and hot-electron transport.[11] In 1960, he was the first person to describe and demonstrate a three-terminal solid-state device based on the operating principles of electron tunnelling and hot-electron transport.[12] In 1962 he demonstrated that using tunnel emission, hot electrons retained energy when traveling nanometer distances in gold.[13] His studies of III-V compounds (with W. G. Spitzer) established the importance of interface states, laying the groundwork for band-gap engineering and the development of heterojunction devices.[11][14][15][16]
GaAs MESFET[edit]
In 1966, Mead designed the first gallium arsenide gate field-effect transistor using a Schottky barrier diode to isolate the gate from the channel.[17] As a material, GaAs offers much higher electron mobility and higher saturation velocity than silicon.[18] The GaAs MESFET became the dominant microwave semiconductor device, used in a variety of high-frequency wireless electronics, including microwave communication systems in radio telescopes, satellite dishes and cellular phones. Carver's work on MESFETs also became the basis for the later development of HEMTs (High-electron-mobility transistors) by Fujitsu in 1980. HEMTs, like MESFETs, are accumulation-mode devices used in microwave receivers and telecommunication systems.[18]
Moore's law[edit]
Mead is credited by Gordon Moore with coining the term Moore's law,[19] to denote the prediction Moore made in 1965 about the growth rate of the component count, "a component being a transistor, resistor, diode or capacitor,"[20] fitting on a single integrated circuit. Moore and Mead began collaborating around 1959 when Moore gave Mead "cosmetic reject" transistors from Fairchild Semiconductor for his students to use in his classes. During the 1960s Mead made weekly visits to Fairchild, visiting the research and development labs and discussing their work with Moore. During one of their discussions, Moore asked Mead whether electron tunneling might limit the size of a workable transistor. When told that it would, he asked what the limit would be.[21]
Stimulated by Moore's question, Mead and his students began a physics-based analysis of possible materials, trying to determine a lower bound for Moore's Law. In 1968, Mead demonstrated, contrary to common assumptions, that as transistors decreased in size, they would not become more fragile or hotter or more expensive or slower. Rather, he argued that transistors would get faster, better, cooler and cheaper as they were miniaturized.[22] His results were initially met with considerable skepticism, but as designers experimented, more and more results supported his assertion.[21] In 1972, Mead and graduate student Bruce Hoeneisen predicted that transistors could be made as small as 0.15 microns. This lower limit to transistor size was considerably smaller than had been generally expected.[22] Despite initial doubts, Mead's prediction influenced the computer industry's development of submicron technology.[21] When Mead's predicted target was achieved in actual transistor development in 2000, the transistor was highly similar to the one Mead had originally described.[23]
Mead–Conway VLSI design[edit]
Mead was the first to predict the possibility of storing millions of transistors on a chip. His prediction implied that substantial changes in technology would have to occur to achieve such scalability. Mead was one of the first researchers to investigate techniques for very-large-scale integration, designing and creating high-complexity microchips.[24]
He taught the world's first VLSI design course, at Caltech in 1970. Throughout the 1970s, with involvement and feedback from a succession of classes, Mead developed his ideas of integrated circuit and system design. He worked with Ivan Sutherland and Frederick B. Thompson to establish Computer Science as a department at Caltech, which formally occurred in 1976.[25][26] Also in 1976, Mead co-authored a DARPA report with Ivan Sutherland and Thomas Eugene Everhart, assessing the limitations of current microelectronics fabrication and recommending research into the system design implications of "very-large-scale integrated circuits".[27]
Beginning in 1975, Carver Mead collaborated with Lynn Conway from Xerox PARC.[24] They developed the landmark text Introduction to VLSI systems, published in 1979, an important spearhead of the Mead & Conway revolution.[28] A pioneering textbook, it has been used in VLSI integrated circuit education all over the world for decades.[29] The circulation of early preprint chapters in classes and among other researchers attracted widespread interest and created a community of people interested in the approach.[30] They also demonstrated the feasibility of multi-project shared-wafer methodology, creating chips for students in their classes.[31][32][33][34]
Their work caused a paradigm shift,[34] a "fundamental reassessment" of the development of integrated circuits,[24] and "revolutionized the world of computers".[35] In 1981, Mead and Conway received the Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine in recognition of their contributions.[24] More than 30 years later, the impact of their work is still being assessed.[36]
Building on the ideas of VLSI design, Mead and his Ph.D. student David L. Johannsen created the first silicon compiler, capable of taking a user's specifications and automatically generating an integrated circuit.[37][38] Mead, Johannsen, Edmund K. Cheng and others formed Silicon Compilers Inc. (SCI) in 1981. SCI designed one of the key chips for Digital Equipment Corporation’s MicroVAX minicomputer.[38][39]
Mead and Conway laid the groundwork for the development of the MOSIS (Metal Oxide Semiconductor Implementation Service) and the fabrication of the first CMOS chip.[36] Mead advocated for the idea of Fabless manufacturing in which customers specify their design needs to fabless semiconductor companies. The companies then design special-purpose chips and outsource the chip fabrication to less expensive overseas semiconductor foundries.[40]
Neural models of computing[edit]
Next Carver Mead began to explore the potential for modelling biological systems of computation, both animal and human brains. His interest in biological models dated back at least to 1967, when he met biophysicist Max Delbrück. Delbrück had stimulated Mead's interest in transducer physiology, the transformations that occur between the physical input initiating a perceptual process and eventual perceptual phenomena.[41]
Observing graded synaptic transmission in the retina, Mead became interested in the potential to treat transistors as analog devices rather than digital switches.[42] He noted parallels between charges moving in MOS transistors operated in weak inversion and charges flowing across the membranes of neurons.[43] He worked with Professor John Hopfield and Nobelist Richard Feynman, helping to create three new fields: Neural Networks, Neuromorphic Engineering, and the Physics of Computation.[10] Mead, considered a founder of Neuromorphic Engineering, is credited with coining the term "neuromorphic processors".[3][5][44]
Developing this new direction, Mead was successful in finding venture capital funding to support the start of a number of companies, in part due to an early connection with Arnold Beckman, chairman of the Caltech Board of Trustees.[10] Mead has said that his preferred approach to development is "technology push", exploring something interesting and then developing useful applications for it.[45]
Touch[edit]
In 1986, Mead and Federico Faggin founded Synaptics Inc. to develop analog circuits based in neural networking theories, suitable for use in vision and speech recognition. The first product that Synaptics brought to market was a pressure-sensitive computer touchpad, a form of sensing technology that rapidly replaced the trackball and mouse in laptop computers.[46][47] The Synaptics touchpad was extremely successful, at one point capturing 70% of the touchpad market.[22]
Hearing[edit]
In 1988, Richard Francis Lyon and Carver Mead described the creation of an analog cochlea, modelling the fluid-dynamic traveling-wave system of the auditory portion of the inner ear.[48] Lyon had previously described a computational model for the work of the cochlea.[49] Such technology had potential applications in hearing aids, cochlear implants, and a variety of speech-recognition devices. Their work has inspired ongoing research, attempting to create a silicon analog that can emulate the signal processing capacities of a biological cochlea.[50][51]
In 1991, Mead helped to form Sonix Technologies, Inc. (later Sonic Innovations Inc.), founded by Brigham Young University professors Doug Chabries and Richard Christiansen in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mead designed the computer chip for their hearing aids. In addition to being small, the chip was said to be the most powerful used in a hearing aid. Release of the company's first product, the Natura hearing aid, occurred in September 1998.[52]
Vision[edit]
In the late 1980s, Mead advised Misha Mahowald, a PhD student in Computation and Neural Systems, to develop the silicon retina, using analog electrical circuits to mimic the biological functions of rod cells, cone cells, and other non-photoreceptive cells in the retina of the eye.[53] Her 1992 thesis received Caltech's Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize for its originality and "potential for opening up new avenues of human thought and endeavor".[54] As of 2001[update] her work was considered "the best attempt to date" to develop a stereoscopic vision system.[55] Mead went on to describe an adaptive silicon retina, using a two-dimensional resistive network to model the first layer of visual processing in the outer plexiform layer of the retina.[56]
Around 1999, Mead and others established Foveon, Inc. in Santa Clara, California to develop new digital camera technology based on neurally-inspired CMOS image sensor/processing chips.[22] The image sensors in the Foveon X3 digital camera capture multiple colors for each pixel, detecting red, green and blue at different levels in the silicon sensor. This provides more complete information and better quality photos compared to standard cameras that detect one color per pixel.[57] It has been hailed as revolutionary.[22] In 2005, Carver Mead, Richard B. Merrill and Richard Francis Lyon of Foveon were awarded the Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society, for the development of the Foveon X3 sensor.[58]
Synapses[edit]
Mead's work underlies the development of computer processors whose electronic components are connected in ways that resemble biological synapses.[44] In 1995 and 1996 Mead, Hasler, Diorio, and Minch presented single transistor silicon synapses capable of analog learning applications[59] and long-term memory storage.[60] Carver pioneered the use of floating-gate transistors as a means of non-volatile storage for neuromorphic and other analog circuits.[61][62][63][64]
Mead and Diorio went on to found Impinj based on their work with floating-gate transistors. Using low-power methods of storing charges on floating-gate transistors, Impinj developed applications for flash memory storage and radio frequency identity tags (RFID).[45][65]
Reconceptualizing Physics[edit]
Carver Mead has developed an approach he calls Collective Electrodynamics in which electromagnetic effects, including quantized energy transfer, are derived from the interactions of the wavefunctions of electrons behaving collectively.[66] In this formulation, the photon is a non-entity, and Planck's energy–frequency relationship comes from the interactions of electron eigenstates. The approach is related to John Cramer's transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics, to the Wheeler–Feynman absorber theory of electrodynamics, and to Gilbert N. Lewis's early description of electromagnetic energy exchange at zero interval in spacetime.
This reconceptualization makes predictions that differ from general relativity.[67] For instance, gravitational waves should have a different polarization under "G4v", the name given to this new theory of gravity. Moreover, this difference in polarization can be detected by advanced LIGO.[68]
Companies[edit]
Mead has been involved in the founding of at least 20 companies. The following list indicates some of the most significant, and their main contributions.

Actel, field programmable gate arrays[6][45]
Foveon, silicon sensors for photographic imaging[8][41][45]
Impinj, self-adaptive microchips for flash memory and RFID[8][69]
Silicon Compilers, integrated circuit design[6]
Sonic Innovations, computer chips for hearing aids[6]
Synaptics, touch pads for computers[6][45]
Silerity, automated chip design software[70]

Awards[edit]

2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award of Information and Communication Technologies "... for his influential thinking in silicon technology. His work has enabled the development of the microchips that drive the electronic devices (laptops, tablets, smartphones, DVD players) ubiquitous in our daily lives."[71]
2005, Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society[72]
2002, National Medal of Technology[6][73]
2002, Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his contributions in pioneering the automation, methodology and teaching of integrated circuit design".[1]
2001, Dickson Prize in Science, award announced 2001, lecture March 19, 2002[74]
1999, Lemelson-MIT Prize[8]
1997, Allen Newell Award, Association for Computing Machinery[4][8]
1996, John Von Neumann Medal, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers[8]
1996, Phil Kaufman Award for his impact on electronic design industry[75]
1992, Award for Outstanding Research, International Neural Network Society[8]
1985, John Price Wetherill Medal from The Franklin Institute, with Lynn Conway[76]
1985, Harry H. Goode Memorial Award, American Federation of Information Processing Societies[8]
1984, Harold Pender Award, with Lynn Conway[77]
1981, Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine, with Lynn Conway[24]

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Carver Mead





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries




By Carver Mead




Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Official Website
Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). "Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– )" (PDF). Oral History Project. Pasadena, California: California Institute of Technology Archives. 

References[edit]


^ a b "Carver Mead 2002 Fellow". Computer History Museum. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b "The Life of a Caltech "Lifer"". Caltech. Caltech News and Events. Retrieved May 1, 2014. 
^ a b Furber, Steve (2016). "Large-scale neuromorphic computing systems". Journal of Neural Engineering. Bristol: IOP Publishing. 13 (5): 051001. PMID 27529195. doi:10.1088/1741-2560/13/5/051001.  
^ a b "Carver Mead to receive ACM Allen Newell Award". ACM Pressroom. September 30, 1997. Retrieved 5 June 2015. 
^ a b Marcus, Gary (November 20, 2012). "The Brain in the Machine". The New Yorker. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f "National Medal of Technology awardedby President Bush to Caltech's Carver Mead". Calrech News and Events. October 22, 2003. 
^ a b "Carver Mead". American Spectator. 34 (7): 68. 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g h Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Carver Mead". Computation & Neural Systems. California Institute of Technology. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b c Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– ) (PDF). Pasadena, California: Oral History Project, California Institute of Technology Archives. 
^ a b Mead, Carver A. "Brief sketch of contributions" (PDF). Caltech. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1960). "The Tunnel-Emission Amplifier". Proceedings of the IRE. 48 (3): 359–361. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1 July 1962). "Transport of Hot Electrons in Thin Gold Films.". Physical Review Letters. 9 (1): 46–46. Bibcode:1962PhRvL...9...46M. doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.9.46. 
^ Spitzer, W. G.; Mead, C. A. (1963). "Barrier Height Studies on Metal-Semiconductor Systems". Journal of Applied Physics. 34 (10): 3061. doi:10.1063/1.1729121. 
^ Mead, C. A.; Spitzer, W. G. (4 May 1964). "Fermi Level Position at Metal-Semiconductor Interfaces". Physical Review. 134 (3A): A713–A716. doi:10.1103/PhysRev.134.A713. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Wilmsen, Carl (2012). Physics and Chemistry of Iii-v Compound Semiconductor Interfaces. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4684-4837-5. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C.A. (1966). "Schottky barrier gate field effect transistor". Proceedings of the IEEE. 54 (2): 307–308. doi:10.1109/PROC.1966.4661. 
^ a b Voinigescu, Sorin (2013). High-frequency integrated circuits. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 254–264. ISBN 9780521873024. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (March 9, 2005). "Moore says nanoelectronics face tough challenges". CNET News. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Moore, Gordon E. (1995). "Lithography and the future of Moore's law" (PDF). SPIE. Retrieved 2014-05-27. 
^ a b c Brock, David C., ed. (2006). Understanding Moore's law : four decades of innovation. Philadelphia, Pa: Chemical Heritage Press. pp. 97–100. ISBN 0941901416. 
^ a b c d e Gilder, George (July 5, 1999). "Carver Mead's fabulous camera". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kilbane, Doris (2005). "Carver Mead: A Trip Through Four Eras Of Innovation". Electronic Design. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Marshall, Martin; Waller, Larry; Wolff, Howard (October 20, 1981). "The 1981 Achievement Award". Electronics. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Frederick B. Thompson 1922–2014". Caltech. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Computer Science @ Caltech : History". 50th Anniversary Celebration. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Sutherland, Ivan E.; Mead, Carver A.; Everhart, Thomas E. (1976). R-1956-ARPA November 1976 Basic Limitations in Microcircuit Fabrication Technology. The Rand Corporation. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael A. (November 19, 2000). "Through the Gender Labyrinth". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (2007). Dealers of lightning : Xerox PARC and the dawn of the computer age. New York: HarperBusiness. ISBN 9780887309892. 
^ Conway, Lynn. "Drafts of the Mead-Conway textbook, Introduction to VLSI Systems". University of Michigan. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, Lynn Conway, Xerox PARC Technical Report VLSI-81-2, January 19, 1981.
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, by Lynn Conway, Microprocessing and Microprogramming – The Euromicro Journal, Vol. 10, No. 4, November 1982, pp 209-228.
^ "MPWs: Catalyst of IC Production Innovation". The MOSIS Service. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b House, Chuck (2012). "A Paradigm Shift Was Happening All Around Us" (PDF). IEEE Solid State Circuits Magazine. 4 (4): 32–35. doi:10.1109/mssc.2012.2215759. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Allman, W.F. (October 21, 1991). "The man who crafts cathedrals of sand". U.S. News & World Report. 111 (17): 80. 
^ a b Casale-Rossi, Marco; et. al. (18 March 2013). "Panel: The heritage of Mead & Conway What has remained the same, what was missed, what has changed, what lies ahead" (PDF). Design, Automation & Test in Europe Conference & Exhibition (DATE): 171–175. doi:10.7873/date.2013.049. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Johannsen, D. L., "Bristle Blocks: A Silicon Compiler," Proceedings 16th Design Automation Conference, 310–313, June 1979.
^ a b Lammers, David (April 30, 2015). "Moore’s Law Milestones". IEEE Spectrum. 
^ Cheng, Edmund; Fairbairn, Douglas (March 10, 2014). "Oral History of Edmund Cheng" (PDF). Computer History Museum. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Brown, Clair; Linden, Greg (2011). Chips and change : how crisis reshapes the semiconductor industry (1st ed.). Cambridge, Mass.: MIT Press. ISBN 9780262516822. 
^ a b Gilder, George (2005). The Silicon Eye: How a Silicon Valley Company Aims to Make All Current Computers, Cameras, and Cell Phones Obsolete (1st ed.). New York: W.W. Norton & Co. ISBN 978-0393057638. 
^ Indiveri, Giacomo; Horiuchi, Timothy K. (2011). "Frontiers in Neuromorphic Engineering". Frontiers in Neuroscience. 5. PMC 3189639 . PMID 22013408. doi:10.3389/fnins.2011.00118. 
^ Mead, Carver (1989). Analog VLSI and neural systems. Reading, Mass.: Addison-Wesley. ISBN 978-0201059922. 
^ a b Markoff, John (December 28, 2013). "Brainlike Computers, Learning From Experience". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Reiss, Spencer (2004). "Carver Mead's Natural Inspiration" (PDF). Technology Review. Retrieved 2010-07-23. 
^ Markoff, John (October 24, 1994). "Pad to Replace Computer Mouse Is Set for Debut". The New York Times. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Diehl, Stanford; Lennon, Anthony J.; McDonough, John (Oct 1995). "Touchpads to Navigate By". Byte. Green Publishing (October 1995): 150. ISSN 0360-5280. 
^ Lyon, R. F.; Mead, C. (1988). "An analog electronic cochlea". IEEE Trans. on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing. 36: 1119–1134. doi:10.1109/29.1639. 
^ Richard F. Lyon, "A Computational Model of Filtering, Detection, and Compression in the Cochlea", Proceedings IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing, Paris, May 1982.
^ Lyon, Richard F. (1991). "Analog implementations of auditory models". Proc. DARPA Workshop on Speech and Natural Language. 
^ Wen, Bo; Boahen, Kwabena (December 2009). "A Silicon Cochlea With Active Coupling". IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and Systems. 3 (6): 444–455. doi:10.1109/TBCAS.2009.2027127. 
^ "Sonic Innovations Inc. History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mahowald, Misha A.; Mead, Carver (May 1991). "The Silicon Retina". Scientific American. 264 (5): 76–82. PMID 2052936. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0591-76. 
^ "Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize". Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "An incurable itch". Technology Quarterly (Q3). September 20, 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver A. (2011). "Adaptive Retina". In Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M. Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. 
^ "Foveon X3 technology overview". Digital Photography Review. February 11, 2002. 
^ Peters, Mark (6 November 2005). "Royal Photographic Society Award for Foveon sensor". 
^ Diorio, C.; Hasler, P.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1995). "A single-transistor silicon synapse". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 43 (11): 1972–1980. doi:10.1109/16.543035. 
^ Hasler, P.; Diorio, C.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1999). "Single transistor learning synapse with long term storage". Proceedings of the 1995 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 3: 1660–1663. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1995.523729. 
^ Diorio, Chris; Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Mead, Carver (1998). "Floating-Gate MOS Synapse Transistors". In Lande, Tor Sverre. Neuromorphic systems engineering : neural networks in silicon. Boston, Massachusetts: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8158-7. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M., eds. (2011). Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. (PDF). Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Diorio, Chris (1999). "Floating-gate devices: they are not just for digital memories any more" (PDF). ISCAS '99. Proceedings of the 1999 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 2: 388–391. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1999.780740. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Cauwenberghs, Gert; Bayoumi, Magdy A. (1999). Learning on silicon : adaptive VLSI neural systems. Boston: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8555-4. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Veterans Affairs to Install RFID in Hospitals across America". Impinj. 14 June 2013. 
^ Mead, Carver (2002). Collective Electrodynamics: Quantum Foundations of Electromagnetism. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-63260-8. 
^ http://arxiv.org/abs/1503.04866
^ Isi, M.; Weinstein, A. J.; Mead, C.; Pitkin, M. (20 April 2015). "Detecting beyond-Einstein polarizations of continuous gravitational waves.". Physical Review D. 91 (8). doi:10.1103/PhysRevD.91.082002. 
^ "Impinj Adds New Piece Of The RFID Puzzle" (PDF). Scan: The Data Capture Report. February 28, 2014. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Viewlogic Acquires Silerity". Business Wire. 1995. 
^ "BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award". Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Progress Medal". RPS. Retrieved 6 March 2017. 
^ "President Bush Announces the Laureates of the 2002 National Medals of Science and Technology". The White House. October 22, 2003. 
^ Towey, Laine (March 8, 2002). "Microelectronics Pioneer Carver Mead Wins $47,000 Dickson Prize". Carnegie Mellon News. Carnegie Mellon University. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Newton, A. Richard (November 12, 1996). "Presentation of the 1996 Phil Kaufman Award to Professor Carver A. Mead". Berkeley Engineering. 
^ "Franklin Institute Honors Eight Physicists". Physics Today. 38 (7): 84. 1985. doi:10.1063/1.2814644. 
^ "The Harold Pender Award". School of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved February 5, 2011. 





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 32253855
LCCN: n79003041
ISNI: 0000 0001 1756 9138
GND: 143053000
SUDOC: 058604561
BNF: cb14636327p (data)
MGP: 123055
NDL: 00449614










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carver_Mead&oldid=786927216"					
Categories: 1934 birthsMembers of the United States National Academy of SciencesLiving peopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican electronics engineersAmerican computer businesspeopleElectronic design automation peopleLemelson–MIT PrizeNational Medal of Technology recipientsCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniCalifornia Institute of Technology facultyMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2001All articles containing potentially dated statementsUse dmy dates from August 2010Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةDeutschEspañolFrançaisLatinaMalagasy日本語PolskiPortuguês中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carver Mead - Wikipedia






















 






Carver Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carver Mead



Carver Mead in 2002



Born
(1934-05-01) May 1, 1934 (age 83)
Bakersfield, California


Nationality
American


Thesis
Transistor Switching Analysis (1960)


Doctoral advisor
R. D. Middlebrook
Robert V. Langmuir


Notable awards
National Medal of Technology
2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award
Computer History Museum Fellow (2002)



External video




 Carver Mead, Winner of 1999 Lemelson-MIT Prize, Lemelson Foundation


 Carver Mead - Semiconductors, April 17, 2014, The Official ACM


 Carver Mead presents The Universe and Us: An Integrated Theory of Electromagnetics and Gravitation, TTI/Vanguard


Carver Andress Mead (born 1 May 1934) is a US scientist and engineer. He currently holds the position of Gordon and Betty Moore Professor Emeritus of Engineering and Applied Science at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), having taught there for over 40 years.[1] Mead is an enthusiastic instructor, and he advised the first female electrical engineering student at Caltech, Louise Kirkbride.[2] His contributions as a teacher include the classic textbook Introduction to VLSI Design (1980), which he coauthored with Lynn Conway.
A pioneer of modern microelectronics, he has made contributions to the development and design of semiconductors, digital chips, and silicon compilers, technologies which form the foundations of modern very-large-scale integration chip design. In the 1980s, he focused on electronic modelling of human neurology and biology, creating "neuromorphic electronic systems."[3][4][5] Mead has been involved in the founding of more than 20 companies.[6] Most recently, he has called for the reconceptualization of modern physics, revisiting the theoretical debates of Niels Bohr, Albert Einstein and others in light of later experiments and developments in instrumentation.[7]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Microelectronics

2.1 GaAs MESFET
2.2 Moore's law
2.3 Mead–Conway VLSI design


3 Neural models of computing

3.1 Touch
3.2 Hearing
3.3 Vision
3.4 Synapses


4 Reconceptualizing Physics
5 Companies
6 Awards
7 External links
8 References



Early life and education[edit]
Carver Andress Mead was born in Bakersfield, California and grew up in Kernville, California. His father worked in a power plant at the Big Creek Hydroelectric Project, owned by Southern California Edison Company.[7] Carver attended a tiny local school for some years, then moved to Fresno, California to live with his grandmother so that he could attend a larger high school.[2] He became interested in electricity and electronics while very young, seeing the work at the power plant, experimenting with electrical equipment, qualifying for an amateur radio license and in high school working at local radio stations.[8]
Mead studied electrical engineering at Caltech, getting his BS in 1956, his MS in 1957, and his PhD degree in 1960.[9][10]
Microelectronics[edit]
Mead's contributions have arisen from the application of basic physics to the development of electronic devices, often in novel ways. During the 1960s, he carried out systematic investigations into the energy behavior of electrons in insulators and semiconductors, developing a deep understanding of electron tunneling, barrier behavior and hot-electron transport.[11] In 1960, he was the first person to describe and demonstrate a three-terminal solid-state device based on the operating principles of electron tunnelling and hot-electron transport.[12] In 1962 he demonstrated that using tunnel emission, hot electrons retained energy when traveling nanometer distances in gold.[13] His studies of III-V compounds (with W. G. Spitzer) established the importance of interface states, laying the groundwork for band-gap engineering and the development of heterojunction devices.[11][14][15][16]
GaAs MESFET[edit]
In 1966, Mead designed the first gallium arsenide gate field-effect transistor using a Schottky barrier diode to isolate the gate from the channel.[17] As a material, GaAs offers much higher electron mobility and higher saturation velocity than silicon.[18] The GaAs MESFET became the dominant microwave semiconductor device, used in a variety of high-frequency wireless electronics, including microwave communication systems in radio telescopes, satellite dishes and cellular phones. Carver's work on MESFETs also became the basis for the later development of HEMTs (High-electron-mobility transistors) by Fujitsu in 1980. HEMTs, like MESFETs, are accumulation-mode devices used in microwave receivers and telecommunication systems.[18]
Moore's law[edit]
Mead is credited by Gordon Moore with coining the term Moore's law,[19] to denote the prediction Moore made in 1965 about the growth rate of the component count, "a component being a transistor, resistor, diode or capacitor,"[20] fitting on a single integrated circuit. Moore and Mead began collaborating around 1959 when Moore gave Mead "cosmetic reject" transistors from Fairchild Semiconductor for his students to use in his classes. During the 1960s Mead made weekly visits to Fairchild, visiting the research and development labs and discussing their work with Moore. During one of their discussions, Moore asked Mead whether electron tunneling might limit the size of a workable transistor. When told that it would, he asked what the limit would be.[21]
Stimulated by Moore's question, Mead and his students began a physics-based analysis of possible materials, trying to determine a lower bound for Moore's Law. In 1968, Mead demonstrated, contrary to common assumptions, that as transistors decreased in size, they would not become more fragile or hotter or more expensive or slower. Rather, he argued that transistors would get faster, better, cooler and cheaper as they were miniaturized.[22] His results were initially met with considerable skepticism, but as designers experimented, more and more results supported his assertion.[21] In 1972, Mead and graduate student Bruce Hoeneisen predicted that transistors could be made as small as 0.15 microns. This lower limit to transistor size was considerably smaller than had been generally expected.[22] Despite initial doubts, Mead's prediction influenced the computer industry's development of submicron technology.[21] When Mead's predicted target was achieved in actual transistor development in 2000, the transistor was highly similar to the one Mead had originally described.[23]
Mead–Conway VLSI design[edit]
Mead was the first to predict the possibility of storing millions of transistors on a chip. His prediction implied that substantial changes in technology would have to occur to achieve such scalability. Mead was one of the first researchers to investigate techniques for very-large-scale integration, designing and creating high-complexity microchips.[24]
He taught the world's first VLSI design course, at Caltech in 1970. Throughout the 1970s, with involvement and feedback from a succession of classes, Mead developed his ideas of integrated circuit and system design. He worked with Ivan Sutherland and Frederick B. Thompson to establish Computer Science as a department at Caltech, which formally occurred in 1976.[25][26] Also in 1976, Mead co-authored a DARPA report with Ivan Sutherland and Thomas Eugene Everhart, assessing the limitations of current microelectronics fabrication and recommending research into the system design implications of "very-large-scale integrated circuits".[27]
Beginning in 1975, Carver Mead collaborated with Lynn Conway from Xerox PARC.[24] They developed the landmark text Introduction to VLSI systems, published in 1979, an important spearhead of the Mead & Conway revolution.[28] A pioneering textbook, it has been used in VLSI integrated circuit education all over the world for decades.[29] The circulation of early preprint chapters in classes and among other researchers attracted widespread interest and created a community of people interested in the approach.[30] They also demonstrated the feasibility of multi-project shared-wafer methodology, creating chips for students in their classes.[31][32][33][34]
Their work caused a paradigm shift,[34] a "fundamental reassessment" of the development of integrated circuits,[24] and "revolutionized the world of computers".[35] In 1981, Mead and Conway received the Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine in recognition of their contributions.[24] More than 30 years later, the impact of their work is still being assessed.[36]
Building on the ideas of VLSI design, Mead and his Ph.D. student David L. Johannsen created the first silicon compiler, capable of taking a user's specifications and automatically generating an integrated circuit.[37][38] Mead, Johannsen, Edmund K. Cheng and others formed Silicon Compilers Inc. (SCI) in 1981. SCI designed one of the key chips for Digital Equipment Corporation’s MicroVAX minicomputer.[38][39]
Mead and Conway laid the groundwork for the development of the MOSIS (Metal Oxide Semiconductor Implementation Service) and the fabrication of the first CMOS chip.[36] Mead advocated for the idea of Fabless manufacturing in which customers specify their design needs to fabless semiconductor companies. The companies then design special-purpose chips and outsource the chip fabrication to less expensive overseas semiconductor foundries.[40]
Neural models of computing[edit]
Next Carver Mead began to explore the potential for modelling biological systems of computation, both animal and human brains. His interest in biological models dated back at least to 1967, when he met biophysicist Max Delbrück. Delbrück had stimulated Mead's interest in transducer physiology, the transformations that occur between the physical input initiating a perceptual process and eventual perceptual phenomena.[41]
Observing graded synaptic transmission in the retina, Mead became interested in the potential to treat transistors as analog devices rather than digital switches.[42] He noted parallels between charges moving in MOS transistors operated in weak inversion and charges flowing across the membranes of neurons.[43] He worked with Professor John Hopfield and Nobelist Richard Feynman, helping to create three new fields: Neural Networks, Neuromorphic Engineering, and the Physics of Computation.[10] Mead, considered a founder of Neuromorphic Engineering, is credited with coining the term "neuromorphic processors".[3][5][44]
Developing this new direction, Mead was successful in finding venture capital funding to support the start of a number of companies, in part due to an early connection with Arnold Beckman, chairman of the Caltech Board of Trustees.[10] Mead has said that his preferred approach to development is "technology push", exploring something interesting and then developing useful applications for it.[45]
Touch[edit]
In 1986, Mead and Federico Faggin founded Synaptics Inc. to develop analog circuits based in neural networking theories, suitable for use in vision and speech recognition. The first product that Synaptics brought to market was a pressure-sensitive computer touchpad, a form of sensing technology that rapidly replaced the trackball and mouse in laptop computers.[46][47] The Synaptics touchpad was extremely successful, at one point capturing 70% of the touchpad market.[22]
Hearing[edit]
In 1988, Richard Francis Lyon and Carver Mead described the creation of an analog cochlea, modelling the fluid-dynamic traveling-wave system of the auditory portion of the inner ear.[48] Lyon had previously described a computational model for the work of the cochlea.[49] Such technology had potential applications in hearing aids, cochlear implants, and a variety of speech-recognition devices. Their work has inspired ongoing research, attempting to create a silicon analog that can emulate the signal processing capacities of a biological cochlea.[50][51]
In 1991, Mead helped to form Sonix Technologies, Inc. (later Sonic Innovations Inc.), founded by Brigham Young University professors Doug Chabries and Richard Christiansen in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mead designed the computer chip for their hearing aids. In addition to being small, the chip was said to be the most powerful used in a hearing aid. Release of the company's first product, the Natura hearing aid, occurred in September 1998.[52]
Vision[edit]
In the late 1980s, Mead advised Misha Mahowald, a PhD student in Computation and Neural Systems, to develop the silicon retina, using analog electrical circuits to mimic the biological functions of rod cells, cone cells, and other non-photoreceptive cells in the retina of the eye.[53] Her 1992 thesis received Caltech's Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize for its originality and "potential for opening up new avenues of human thought and endeavor".[54] As of 2001[update] her work was considered "the best attempt to date" to develop a stereoscopic vision system.[55] Mead went on to describe an adaptive silicon retina, using a two-dimensional resistive network to model the first layer of visual processing in the outer plexiform layer of the retina.[56]
Around 1999, Mead and others established Foveon, Inc. in Santa Clara, California to develop new digital camera technology based on neurally-inspired CMOS image sensor/processing chips.[22] The image sensors in the Foveon X3 digital camera capture multiple colors for each pixel, detecting red, green and blue at different levels in the silicon sensor. This provides more complete information and better quality photos compared to standard cameras that detect one color per pixel.[57] It has been hailed as revolutionary.[22] In 2005, Carver Mead, Richard B. Merrill and Richard Francis Lyon of Foveon were awarded the Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society, for the development of the Foveon X3 sensor.[58]
Synapses[edit]
Mead's work underlies the development of computer processors whose electronic components are connected in ways that resemble biological synapses.[44] In 1995 and 1996 Mead, Hasler, Diorio, and Minch presented single transistor silicon synapses capable of analog learning applications[59] and long-term memory storage.[60] Carver pioneered the use of floating-gate transistors as a means of non-volatile storage for neuromorphic and other analog circuits.[61][62][63][64]
Mead and Diorio went on to found Impinj based on their work with floating-gate transistors. Using low-power methods of storing charges on floating-gate transistors, Impinj developed applications for flash memory storage and radio frequency identity tags (RFID).[45][65]
Reconceptualizing Physics[edit]
Carver Mead has developed an approach he calls Collective Electrodynamics in which electromagnetic effects, including quantized energy transfer, are derived from the interactions of the wavefunctions of electrons behaving collectively.[66] In this formulation, the photon is a non-entity, and Planck's energy–frequency relationship comes from the interactions of electron eigenstates. The approach is related to John Cramer's transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics, to the Wheeler–Feynman absorber theory of electrodynamics, and to Gilbert N. Lewis's early description of electromagnetic energy exchange at zero interval in spacetime.
This reconceptualization makes predictions that differ from general relativity.[67] For instance, gravitational waves should have a different polarization under "G4v", the name given to this new theory of gravity. Moreover, this difference in polarization can be detected by advanced LIGO.[68]
Companies[edit]
Mead has been involved in the founding of at least 20 companies. The following list indicates some of the most significant, and their main contributions.

Actel, field programmable gate arrays[6][45]
Foveon, silicon sensors for photographic imaging[8][41][45]
Impinj, self-adaptive microchips for flash memory and RFID[8][69]
Silicon Compilers, integrated circuit design[6]
Sonic Innovations, computer chips for hearing aids[6]
Synaptics, touch pads for computers[6][45]
Silerity, automated chip design software[70]

Awards[edit]

2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award of Information and Communication Technologies "... for his influential thinking in silicon technology. His work has enabled the development of the microchips that drive the electronic devices (laptops, tablets, smartphones, DVD players) ubiquitous in our daily lives."[71]
2005, Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society[72]
2002, National Medal of Technology[6][73]
2002, Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his contributions in pioneering the automation, methodology and teaching of integrated circuit design".[1]
2001, Dickson Prize in Science, award announced 2001, lecture March 19, 2002[74]
1999, Lemelson-MIT Prize[8]
1997, Allen Newell Award, Association for Computing Machinery[4][8]
1996, John Von Neumann Medal, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers[8]
1996, Phil Kaufman Award for his impact on electronic design industry[75]
1992, Award for Outstanding Research, International Neural Network Society[8]
1985, John Price Wetherill Medal from The Franklin Institute, with Lynn Conway[76]
1985, Harry H. Goode Memorial Award, American Federation of Information Processing Societies[8]
1984, Harold Pender Award, with Lynn Conway[77]
1981, Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine, with Lynn Conway[24]

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Carver Mead





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries




By Carver Mead




Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Official Website
Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). "Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– )" (PDF). Oral History Project. Pasadena, California: California Institute of Technology Archives. 

References[edit]


^ a b "Carver Mead 2002 Fellow". Computer History Museum. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b "The Life of a Caltech "Lifer"". Caltech. Caltech News and Events. Retrieved May 1, 2014. 
^ a b Furber, Steve (2016). "Large-scale neuromorphic computing systems". Journal of Neural Engineering. Bristol: IOP Publishing. 13 (5): 051001. PMID 27529195. doi:10.1088/1741-2560/13/5/051001.  
^ a b "Carver Mead to receive ACM Allen Newell Award". ACM Pressroom. September 30, 1997. Retrieved 5 June 2015. 
^ a b Marcus, Gary (November 20, 2012). "The Brain in the Machine". The New Yorker. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f "National Medal of Technology awardedby President Bush to Caltech's Carver Mead". Calrech News and Events. October 22, 2003. 
^ a b "Carver Mead". American Spectator. 34 (7): 68. 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g h Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Carver Mead". Computation & Neural Systems. California Institute of Technology. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b c Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– ) (PDF). Pasadena, California: Oral History Project, California Institute of Technology Archives. 
^ a b Mead, Carver A. "Brief sketch of contributions" (PDF). Caltech. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1960). "The Tunnel-Emission Amplifier". Proceedings of the IRE. 48 (3): 359–361. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1 July 1962). "Transport of Hot Electrons in Thin Gold Films.". Physical Review Letters. 9 (1): 46–46. Bibcode:1962PhRvL...9...46M. doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.9.46. 
^ Spitzer, W. G.; Mead, C. A. (1963). "Barrier Height Studies on Metal-Semiconductor Systems". Journal of Applied Physics. 34 (10): 3061. doi:10.1063/1.1729121. 
^ Mead, C. A.; Spitzer, W. G. (4 May 1964). "Fermi Level Position at Metal-Semiconductor Interfaces". Physical Review. 134 (3A): A713–A716. doi:10.1103/PhysRev.134.A713. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Wilmsen, Carl (2012). Physics and Chemistry of Iii-v Compound Semiconductor Interfaces. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4684-4837-5. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C.A. (1966). "Schottky barrier gate field effect transistor". Proceedings of the IEEE. 54 (2): 307–308. doi:10.1109/PROC.1966.4661. 
^ a b Voinigescu, Sorin (2013). High-frequency integrated circuits. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 254–264. ISBN 9780521873024. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (March 9, 2005). "Moore says nanoelectronics face tough challenges". CNET News. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Moore, Gordon E. (1995). "Lithography and the future of Moore's law" (PDF). SPIE. Retrieved 2014-05-27. 
^ a b c Brock, David C., ed. (2006). Understanding Moore's law : four decades of innovation. Philadelphia, Pa: Chemical Heritage Press. pp. 97–100. ISBN 0941901416. 
^ a b c d e Gilder, George (July 5, 1999). "Carver Mead's fabulous camera". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kilbane, Doris (2005). "Carver Mead: A Trip Through Four Eras Of Innovation". Electronic Design. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Marshall, Martin; Waller, Larry; Wolff, Howard (October 20, 1981). "The 1981 Achievement Award". Electronics. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Frederick B. Thompson 1922–2014". Caltech. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Computer Science @ Caltech : History". 50th Anniversary Celebration. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Sutherland, Ivan E.; Mead, Carver A.; Everhart, Thomas E. (1976). R-1956-ARPA November 1976 Basic Limitations in Microcircuit Fabrication Technology. The Rand Corporation. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael A. (November 19, 2000). "Through the Gender Labyrinth". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (2007). Dealers of lightning : Xerox PARC and the dawn of the computer age. New York: HarperBusiness. ISBN 9780887309892. 
^ Conway, Lynn. "Drafts of the Mead-Conway textbook, Introduction to VLSI Systems". University of Michigan. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, Lynn Conway, Xerox PARC Technical Report VLSI-81-2, January 19, 1981.
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, by Lynn Conway, Microprocessing and Microprogramming – The Euromicro Journal, Vol. 10, No. 4, November 1982, pp 209-228.
^ "MPWs: Catalyst of IC Production Innovation". The MOSIS Service. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b House, Chuck (2012). "A Paradigm Shift Was Happening All Around Us" (PDF). IEEE Solid State Circuits Magazine. 4 (4): 32–35. doi:10.1109/mssc.2012.2215759. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Allman, W.F. (October 21, 1991). "The man who crafts cathedrals of sand". U.S. News & World Report. 111 (17): 80. 
^ a b Casale-Rossi, Marco; et. al. (18 March 2013). "Panel: The heritage of Mead & Conway What has remained the same, what was missed, what has changed, what lies ahead" (PDF). Design, Automation & Test in Europe Conference & Exhibition (DATE): 171–175. doi:10.7873/date.2013.049. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Johannsen, D. L., "Bristle Blocks: A Silicon Compiler," Proceedings 16th Design Automation Conference, 310–313, June 1979.
^ a b Lammers, David (April 30, 2015). "Moore’s Law Milestones". IEEE Spectrum. 
^ Cheng, Edmund; Fairbairn, Douglas (March 10, 2014). "Oral History of Edmund Cheng" (PDF). Computer History Museum. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Brown, Clair; Linden, Greg (2011). Chips and change : how crisis reshapes the semiconductor industry (1st ed.). Cambridge, Mass.: MIT Press. ISBN 9780262516822. 
^ a b Gilder, George (2005). The Silicon Eye: How a Silicon Valley Company Aims to Make All Current Computers, Cameras, and Cell Phones Obsolete (1st ed.). New York: W.W. Norton & Co. ISBN 978-0393057638. 
^ Indiveri, Giacomo; Horiuchi, Timothy K. (2011). "Frontiers in Neuromorphic Engineering". Frontiers in Neuroscience. 5. PMC 3189639 . PMID 22013408. doi:10.3389/fnins.2011.00118. 
^ Mead, Carver (1989). Analog VLSI and neural systems. Reading, Mass.: Addison-Wesley. ISBN 978-0201059922. 
^ a b Markoff, John (December 28, 2013). "Brainlike Computers, Learning From Experience". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Reiss, Spencer (2004). "Carver Mead's Natural Inspiration" (PDF). Technology Review. Retrieved 2010-07-23. 
^ Markoff, John (October 24, 1994). "Pad to Replace Computer Mouse Is Set for Debut". The New York Times. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Diehl, Stanford; Lennon, Anthony J.; McDonough, John (Oct 1995). "Touchpads to Navigate By". Byte. Green Publishing (October 1995): 150. ISSN 0360-5280. 
^ Lyon, R. F.; Mead, C. (1988). "An analog electronic cochlea". IEEE Trans. on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing. 36: 1119–1134. doi:10.1109/29.1639. 
^ Richard F. Lyon, "A Computational Model of Filtering, Detection, and Compression in the Cochlea", Proceedings IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing, Paris, May 1982.
^ Lyon, Richard F. (1991). "Analog implementations of auditory models". Proc. DARPA Workshop on Speech and Natural Language. 
^ Wen, Bo; Boahen, Kwabena (December 2009). "A Silicon Cochlea With Active Coupling". IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and Systems. 3 (6): 444–455. doi:10.1109/TBCAS.2009.2027127. 
^ "Sonic Innovations Inc. History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mahowald, Misha A.; Mead, Carver (May 1991). "The Silicon Retina". Scientific American. 264 (5): 76–82. PMID 2052936. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0591-76. 
^ "Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize". Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "An incurable itch". Technology Quarterly (Q3). September 20, 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver A. (2011). "Adaptive Retina". In Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M. Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. 
^ "Foveon X3 technology overview". Digital Photography Review. February 11, 2002. 
^ Peters, Mark (6 November 2005). "Royal Photographic Society Award for Foveon sensor". 
^ Diorio, C.; Hasler, P.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1995). "A single-transistor silicon synapse". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 43 (11): 1972–1980. doi:10.1109/16.543035. 
^ Hasler, P.; Diorio, C.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1999). "Single transistor learning synapse with long term storage". Proceedings of the 1995 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 3: 1660–1663. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1995.523729. 
^ Diorio, Chris; Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Mead, Carver (1998). "Floating-Gate MOS Synapse Transistors". In Lande, Tor Sverre. Neuromorphic systems engineering : neural networks in silicon. Boston, Massachusetts: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8158-7. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M., eds. (2011). Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. (PDF). Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Diorio, Chris (1999). "Floating-gate devices: they are not just for digital memories any more" (PDF). ISCAS '99. Proceedings of the 1999 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 2: 388–391. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1999.780740. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Cauwenberghs, Gert; Bayoumi, Magdy A. (1999). Learning on silicon : adaptive VLSI neural systems. Boston: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8555-4. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Veterans Affairs to Install RFID in Hospitals across America". Impinj. 14 June 2013. 
^ Mead, Carver (2002). Collective Electrodynamics: Quantum Foundations of Electromagnetism. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-63260-8. 
^ http://arxiv.org/abs/1503.04866
^ Isi, M.; Weinstein, A. J.; Mead, C.; Pitkin, M. (20 April 2015). "Detecting beyond-Einstein polarizations of continuous gravitational waves.". Physical Review D. 91 (8). doi:10.1103/PhysRevD.91.082002. 
^ "Impinj Adds New Piece Of The RFID Puzzle" (PDF). Scan: The Data Capture Report. February 28, 2014. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Viewlogic Acquires Silerity". Business Wire. 1995. 
^ "BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award". Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Progress Medal". RPS. Retrieved 6 March 2017. 
^ "President Bush Announces the Laureates of the 2002 National Medals of Science and Technology". The White House. October 22, 2003. 
^ Towey, Laine (March 8, 2002). "Microelectronics Pioneer Carver Mead Wins $47,000 Dickson Prize". Carnegie Mellon News. Carnegie Mellon University. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Newton, A. Richard (November 12, 1996). "Presentation of the 1996 Phil Kaufman Award to Professor Carver A. Mead". Berkeley Engineering. 
^ "Franklin Institute Honors Eight Physicists". Physics Today. 38 (7): 84. 1985. doi:10.1063/1.2814644. 
^ "The Harold Pender Award". School of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved February 5, 2011. 





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 32253855
LCCN: n79003041
ISNI: 0000 0001 1756 9138
GND: 143053000
SUDOC: 058604561
BNF: cb14636327p (data)
MGP: 123055
NDL: 00449614










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carver_Mead&oldid=786927216"					
Categories: 1934 birthsMembers of the United States National Academy of SciencesLiving peopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican electronics engineersAmerican computer businesspeopleElectronic design automation peopleLemelson–MIT PrizeNational Medal of Technology recipientsCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniCalifornia Institute of Technology facultyMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2001All articles containing potentially dated statementsUse dmy dates from August 2010Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةDeutschEspañolFrançaisLatinaMalagasy日本語PolskiPortuguês中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carver Mead - Wikipedia






















 






Carver Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carver Mead



Carver Mead in 2002



Born
(1934-05-01) May 1, 1934 (age 83)
Bakersfield, California


Nationality
American


Thesis
Transistor Switching Analysis (1960)


Doctoral advisor
R. D. Middlebrook
Robert V. Langmuir


Notable awards
National Medal of Technology
2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award
Computer History Museum Fellow (2002)



External video




 Carver Mead, Winner of 1999 Lemelson-MIT Prize, Lemelson Foundation


 Carver Mead - Semiconductors, April 17, 2014, The Official ACM


 Carver Mead presents The Universe and Us: An Integrated Theory of Electromagnetics and Gravitation, TTI/Vanguard


Carver Andress Mead (born 1 May 1934) is a US scientist and engineer. He currently holds the position of Gordon and Betty Moore Professor Emeritus of Engineering and Applied Science at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), having taught there for over 40 years.[1] Mead is an enthusiastic instructor, and he advised the first female electrical engineering student at Caltech, Louise Kirkbride.[2] His contributions as a teacher include the classic textbook Introduction to VLSI Design (1980), which he coauthored with Lynn Conway.
A pioneer of modern microelectronics, he has made contributions to the development and design of semiconductors, digital chips, and silicon compilers, technologies which form the foundations of modern very-large-scale integration chip design. In the 1980s, he focused on electronic modelling of human neurology and biology, creating "neuromorphic electronic systems."[3][4][5] Mead has been involved in the founding of more than 20 companies.[6] Most recently, he has called for the reconceptualization of modern physics, revisiting the theoretical debates of Niels Bohr, Albert Einstein and others in light of later experiments and developments in instrumentation.[7]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Microelectronics

2.1 GaAs MESFET
2.2 Moore's law
2.3 Mead–Conway VLSI design


3 Neural models of computing

3.1 Touch
3.2 Hearing
3.3 Vision
3.4 Synapses


4 Reconceptualizing Physics
5 Companies
6 Awards
7 External links
8 References



Early life and education[edit]
Carver Andress Mead was born in Bakersfield, California and grew up in Kernville, California. His father worked in a power plant at the Big Creek Hydroelectric Project, owned by Southern California Edison Company.[7] Carver attended a tiny local school for some years, then moved to Fresno, California to live with his grandmother so that he could attend a larger high school.[2] He became interested in electricity and electronics while very young, seeing the work at the power plant, experimenting with electrical equipment, qualifying for an amateur radio license and in high school working at local radio stations.[8]
Mead studied electrical engineering at Caltech, getting his BS in 1956, his MS in 1957, and his PhD degree in 1960.[9][10]
Microelectronics[edit]
Mead's contributions have arisen from the application of basic physics to the development of electronic devices, often in novel ways. During the 1960s, he carried out systematic investigations into the energy behavior of electrons in insulators and semiconductors, developing a deep understanding of electron tunneling, barrier behavior and hot-electron transport.[11] In 1960, he was the first person to describe and demonstrate a three-terminal solid-state device based on the operating principles of electron tunnelling and hot-electron transport.[12] In 1962 he demonstrated that using tunnel emission, hot electrons retained energy when traveling nanometer distances in gold.[13] His studies of III-V compounds (with W. G. Spitzer) established the importance of interface states, laying the groundwork for band-gap engineering and the development of heterojunction devices.[11][14][15][16]
GaAs MESFET[edit]
In 1966, Mead designed the first gallium arsenide gate field-effect transistor using a Schottky barrier diode to isolate the gate from the channel.[17] As a material, GaAs offers much higher electron mobility and higher saturation velocity than silicon.[18] The GaAs MESFET became the dominant microwave semiconductor device, used in a variety of high-frequency wireless electronics, including microwave communication systems in radio telescopes, satellite dishes and cellular phones. Carver's work on MESFETs also became the basis for the later development of HEMTs (High-electron-mobility transistors) by Fujitsu in 1980. HEMTs, like MESFETs, are accumulation-mode devices used in microwave receivers and telecommunication systems.[18]
Moore's law[edit]
Mead is credited by Gordon Moore with coining the term Moore's law,[19] to denote the prediction Moore made in 1965 about the growth rate of the component count, "a component being a transistor, resistor, diode or capacitor,"[20] fitting on a single integrated circuit. Moore and Mead began collaborating around 1959 when Moore gave Mead "cosmetic reject" transistors from Fairchild Semiconductor for his students to use in his classes. During the 1960s Mead made weekly visits to Fairchild, visiting the research and development labs and discussing their work with Moore. During one of their discussions, Moore asked Mead whether electron tunneling might limit the size of a workable transistor. When told that it would, he asked what the limit would be.[21]
Stimulated by Moore's question, Mead and his students began a physics-based analysis of possible materials, trying to determine a lower bound for Moore's Law. In 1968, Mead demonstrated, contrary to common assumptions, that as transistors decreased in size, they would not become more fragile or hotter or more expensive or slower. Rather, he argued that transistors would get faster, better, cooler and cheaper as they were miniaturized.[22] His results were initially met with considerable skepticism, but as designers experimented, more and more results supported his assertion.[21] In 1972, Mead and graduate student Bruce Hoeneisen predicted that transistors could be made as small as 0.15 microns. This lower limit to transistor size was considerably smaller than had been generally expected.[22] Despite initial doubts, Mead's prediction influenced the computer industry's development of submicron technology.[21] When Mead's predicted target was achieved in actual transistor development in 2000, the transistor was highly similar to the one Mead had originally described.[23]
Mead–Conway VLSI design[edit]
Mead was the first to predict the possibility of storing millions of transistors on a chip. His prediction implied that substantial changes in technology would have to occur to achieve such scalability. Mead was one of the first researchers to investigate techniques for very-large-scale integration, designing and creating high-complexity microchips.[24]
He taught the world's first VLSI design course, at Caltech in 1970. Throughout the 1970s, with involvement and feedback from a succession of classes, Mead developed his ideas of integrated circuit and system design. He worked with Ivan Sutherland and Frederick B. Thompson to establish Computer Science as a department at Caltech, which formally occurred in 1976.[25][26] Also in 1976, Mead co-authored a DARPA report with Ivan Sutherland and Thomas Eugene Everhart, assessing the limitations of current microelectronics fabrication and recommending research into the system design implications of "very-large-scale integrated circuits".[27]
Beginning in 1975, Carver Mead collaborated with Lynn Conway from Xerox PARC.[24] They developed the landmark text Introduction to VLSI systems, published in 1979, an important spearhead of the Mead & Conway revolution.[28] A pioneering textbook, it has been used in VLSI integrated circuit education all over the world for decades.[29] The circulation of early preprint chapters in classes and among other researchers attracted widespread interest and created a community of people interested in the approach.[30] They also demonstrated the feasibility of multi-project shared-wafer methodology, creating chips for students in their classes.[31][32][33][34]
Their work caused a paradigm shift,[34] a "fundamental reassessment" of the development of integrated circuits,[24] and "revolutionized the world of computers".[35] In 1981, Mead and Conway received the Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine in recognition of their contributions.[24] More than 30 years later, the impact of their work is still being assessed.[36]
Building on the ideas of VLSI design, Mead and his Ph.D. student David L. Johannsen created the first silicon compiler, capable of taking a user's specifications and automatically generating an integrated circuit.[37][38] Mead, Johannsen, Edmund K. Cheng and others formed Silicon Compilers Inc. (SCI) in 1981. SCI designed one of the key chips for Digital Equipment Corporation’s MicroVAX minicomputer.[38][39]
Mead and Conway laid the groundwork for the development of the MOSIS (Metal Oxide Semiconductor Implementation Service) and the fabrication of the first CMOS chip.[36] Mead advocated for the idea of Fabless manufacturing in which customers specify their design needs to fabless semiconductor companies. The companies then design special-purpose chips and outsource the chip fabrication to less expensive overseas semiconductor foundries.[40]
Neural models of computing[edit]
Next Carver Mead began to explore the potential for modelling biological systems of computation, both animal and human brains. His interest in biological models dated back at least to 1967, when he met biophysicist Max Delbrück. Delbrück had stimulated Mead's interest in transducer physiology, the transformations that occur between the physical input initiating a perceptual process and eventual perceptual phenomena.[41]
Observing graded synaptic transmission in the retina, Mead became interested in the potential to treat transistors as analog devices rather than digital switches.[42] He noted parallels between charges moving in MOS transistors operated in weak inversion and charges flowing across the membranes of neurons.[43] He worked with Professor John Hopfield and Nobelist Richard Feynman, helping to create three new fields: Neural Networks, Neuromorphic Engineering, and the Physics of Computation.[10] Mead, considered a founder of Neuromorphic Engineering, is credited with coining the term "neuromorphic processors".[3][5][44]
Developing this new direction, Mead was successful in finding venture capital funding to support the start of a number of companies, in part due to an early connection with Arnold Beckman, chairman of the Caltech Board of Trustees.[10] Mead has said that his preferred approach to development is "technology push", exploring something interesting and then developing useful applications for it.[45]
Touch[edit]
In 1986, Mead and Federico Faggin founded Synaptics Inc. to develop analog circuits based in neural networking theories, suitable for use in vision and speech recognition. The first product that Synaptics brought to market was a pressure-sensitive computer touchpad, a form of sensing technology that rapidly replaced the trackball and mouse in laptop computers.[46][47] The Synaptics touchpad was extremely successful, at one point capturing 70% of the touchpad market.[22]
Hearing[edit]
In 1988, Richard Francis Lyon and Carver Mead described the creation of an analog cochlea, modelling the fluid-dynamic traveling-wave system of the auditory portion of the inner ear.[48] Lyon had previously described a computational model for the work of the cochlea.[49] Such technology had potential applications in hearing aids, cochlear implants, and a variety of speech-recognition devices. Their work has inspired ongoing research, attempting to create a silicon analog that can emulate the signal processing capacities of a biological cochlea.[50][51]
In 1991, Mead helped to form Sonix Technologies, Inc. (later Sonic Innovations Inc.), founded by Brigham Young University professors Doug Chabries and Richard Christiansen in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mead designed the computer chip for their hearing aids. In addition to being small, the chip was said to be the most powerful used in a hearing aid. Release of the company's first product, the Natura hearing aid, occurred in September 1998.[52]
Vision[edit]
In the late 1980s, Mead advised Misha Mahowald, a PhD student in Computation and Neural Systems, to develop the silicon retina, using analog electrical circuits to mimic the biological functions of rod cells, cone cells, and other non-photoreceptive cells in the retina of the eye.[53] Her 1992 thesis received Caltech's Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize for its originality and "potential for opening up new avenues of human thought and endeavor".[54] As of 2001[update] her work was considered "the best attempt to date" to develop a stereoscopic vision system.[55] Mead went on to describe an adaptive silicon retina, using a two-dimensional resistive network to model the first layer of visual processing in the outer plexiform layer of the retina.[56]
Around 1999, Mead and others established Foveon, Inc. in Santa Clara, California to develop new digital camera technology based on neurally-inspired CMOS image sensor/processing chips.[22] The image sensors in the Foveon X3 digital camera capture multiple colors for each pixel, detecting red, green and blue at different levels in the silicon sensor. This provides more complete information and better quality photos compared to standard cameras that detect one color per pixel.[57] It has been hailed as revolutionary.[22] In 2005, Carver Mead, Richard B. Merrill and Richard Francis Lyon of Foveon were awarded the Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society, for the development of the Foveon X3 sensor.[58]
Synapses[edit]
Mead's work underlies the development of computer processors whose electronic components are connected in ways that resemble biological synapses.[44] In 1995 and 1996 Mead, Hasler, Diorio, and Minch presented single transistor silicon synapses capable of analog learning applications[59] and long-term memory storage.[60] Carver pioneered the use of floating-gate transistors as a means of non-volatile storage for neuromorphic and other analog circuits.[61][62][63][64]
Mead and Diorio went on to found Impinj based on their work with floating-gate transistors. Using low-power methods of storing charges on floating-gate transistors, Impinj developed applications for flash memory storage and radio frequency identity tags (RFID).[45][65]
Reconceptualizing Physics[edit]
Carver Mead has developed an approach he calls Collective Electrodynamics in which electromagnetic effects, including quantized energy transfer, are derived from the interactions of the wavefunctions of electrons behaving collectively.[66] In this formulation, the photon is a non-entity, and Planck's energy–frequency relationship comes from the interactions of electron eigenstates. The approach is related to John Cramer's transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics, to the Wheeler–Feynman absorber theory of electrodynamics, and to Gilbert N. Lewis's early description of electromagnetic energy exchange at zero interval in spacetime.
This reconceptualization makes predictions that differ from general relativity.[67] For instance, gravitational waves should have a different polarization under "G4v", the name given to this new theory of gravity. Moreover, this difference in polarization can be detected by advanced LIGO.[68]
Companies[edit]
Mead has been involved in the founding of at least 20 companies. The following list indicates some of the most significant, and their main contributions.

Actel, field programmable gate arrays[6][45]
Foveon, silicon sensors for photographic imaging[8][41][45]
Impinj, self-adaptive microchips for flash memory and RFID[8][69]
Silicon Compilers, integrated circuit design[6]
Sonic Innovations, computer chips for hearing aids[6]
Synaptics, touch pads for computers[6][45]
Silerity, automated chip design software[70]

Awards[edit]

2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award of Information and Communication Technologies "... for his influential thinking in silicon technology. His work has enabled the development of the microchips that drive the electronic devices (laptops, tablets, smartphones, DVD players) ubiquitous in our daily lives."[71]
2005, Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society[72]
2002, National Medal of Technology[6][73]
2002, Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his contributions in pioneering the automation, methodology and teaching of integrated circuit design".[1]
2001, Dickson Prize in Science, award announced 2001, lecture March 19, 2002[74]
1999, Lemelson-MIT Prize[8]
1997, Allen Newell Award, Association for Computing Machinery[4][8]
1996, John Von Neumann Medal, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers[8]
1996, Phil Kaufman Award for his impact on electronic design industry[75]
1992, Award for Outstanding Research, International Neural Network Society[8]
1985, John Price Wetherill Medal from The Franklin Institute, with Lynn Conway[76]
1985, Harry H. Goode Memorial Award, American Federation of Information Processing Societies[8]
1984, Harold Pender Award, with Lynn Conway[77]
1981, Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine, with Lynn Conway[24]

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Carver Mead





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries




By Carver Mead




Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Official Website
Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). "Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– )" (PDF). Oral History Project. Pasadena, California: California Institute of Technology Archives. 

References[edit]


^ a b "Carver Mead 2002 Fellow". Computer History Museum. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b "The Life of a Caltech "Lifer"". Caltech. Caltech News and Events. Retrieved May 1, 2014. 
^ a b Furber, Steve (2016). "Large-scale neuromorphic computing systems". Journal of Neural Engineering. Bristol: IOP Publishing. 13 (5): 051001. PMID 27529195. doi:10.1088/1741-2560/13/5/051001.  
^ a b "Carver Mead to receive ACM Allen Newell Award". ACM Pressroom. September 30, 1997. Retrieved 5 June 2015. 
^ a b Marcus, Gary (November 20, 2012). "The Brain in the Machine". The New Yorker. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f "National Medal of Technology awardedby President Bush to Caltech's Carver Mead". Calrech News and Events. October 22, 2003. 
^ a b "Carver Mead". American Spectator. 34 (7): 68. 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g h Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Carver Mead". Computation & Neural Systems. California Institute of Technology. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b c Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– ) (PDF). Pasadena, California: Oral History Project, California Institute of Technology Archives. 
^ a b Mead, Carver A. "Brief sketch of contributions" (PDF). Caltech. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1960). "The Tunnel-Emission Amplifier". Proceedings of the IRE. 48 (3): 359–361. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1 July 1962). "Transport of Hot Electrons in Thin Gold Films.". Physical Review Letters. 9 (1): 46–46. Bibcode:1962PhRvL...9...46M. doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.9.46. 
^ Spitzer, W. G.; Mead, C. A. (1963). "Barrier Height Studies on Metal-Semiconductor Systems". Journal of Applied Physics. 34 (10): 3061. doi:10.1063/1.1729121. 
^ Mead, C. A.; Spitzer, W. G. (4 May 1964). "Fermi Level Position at Metal-Semiconductor Interfaces". Physical Review. 134 (3A): A713–A716. doi:10.1103/PhysRev.134.A713. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Wilmsen, Carl (2012). Physics and Chemistry of Iii-v Compound Semiconductor Interfaces. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4684-4837-5. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C.A. (1966). "Schottky barrier gate field effect transistor". Proceedings of the IEEE. 54 (2): 307–308. doi:10.1109/PROC.1966.4661. 
^ a b Voinigescu, Sorin (2013). High-frequency integrated circuits. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 254–264. ISBN 9780521873024. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (March 9, 2005). "Moore says nanoelectronics face tough challenges". CNET News. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Moore, Gordon E. (1995). "Lithography and the future of Moore's law" (PDF). SPIE. Retrieved 2014-05-27. 
^ a b c Brock, David C., ed. (2006). Understanding Moore's law : four decades of innovation. Philadelphia, Pa: Chemical Heritage Press. pp. 97–100. ISBN 0941901416. 
^ a b c d e Gilder, George (July 5, 1999). "Carver Mead's fabulous camera". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kilbane, Doris (2005). "Carver Mead: A Trip Through Four Eras Of Innovation". Electronic Design. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Marshall, Martin; Waller, Larry; Wolff, Howard (October 20, 1981). "The 1981 Achievement Award". Electronics. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Frederick B. Thompson 1922–2014". Caltech. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Computer Science @ Caltech : History". 50th Anniversary Celebration. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Sutherland, Ivan E.; Mead, Carver A.; Everhart, Thomas E. (1976). R-1956-ARPA November 1976 Basic Limitations in Microcircuit Fabrication Technology. The Rand Corporation. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael A. (November 19, 2000). "Through the Gender Labyrinth". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (2007). Dealers of lightning : Xerox PARC and the dawn of the computer age. New York: HarperBusiness. ISBN 9780887309892. 
^ Conway, Lynn. "Drafts of the Mead-Conway textbook, Introduction to VLSI Systems". University of Michigan. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, Lynn Conway, Xerox PARC Technical Report VLSI-81-2, January 19, 1981.
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, by Lynn Conway, Microprocessing and Microprogramming – The Euromicro Journal, Vol. 10, No. 4, November 1982, pp 209-228.
^ "MPWs: Catalyst of IC Production Innovation". The MOSIS Service. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b House, Chuck (2012). "A Paradigm Shift Was Happening All Around Us" (PDF). IEEE Solid State Circuits Magazine. 4 (4): 32–35. doi:10.1109/mssc.2012.2215759. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Allman, W.F. (October 21, 1991). "The man who crafts cathedrals of sand". U.S. News & World Report. 111 (17): 80. 
^ a b Casale-Rossi, Marco; et. al. (18 March 2013). "Panel: The heritage of Mead & Conway What has remained the same, what was missed, what has changed, what lies ahead" (PDF). Design, Automation & Test in Europe Conference & Exhibition (DATE): 171–175. doi:10.7873/date.2013.049. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Johannsen, D. L., "Bristle Blocks: A Silicon Compiler," Proceedings 16th Design Automation Conference, 310–313, June 1979.
^ a b Lammers, David (April 30, 2015). "Moore’s Law Milestones". IEEE Spectrum. 
^ Cheng, Edmund; Fairbairn, Douglas (March 10, 2014). "Oral History of Edmund Cheng" (PDF). Computer History Museum. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Brown, Clair; Linden, Greg (2011). Chips and change : how crisis reshapes the semiconductor industry (1st ed.). Cambridge, Mass.: MIT Press. ISBN 9780262516822. 
^ a b Gilder, George (2005). The Silicon Eye: How a Silicon Valley Company Aims to Make All Current Computers, Cameras, and Cell Phones Obsolete (1st ed.). New York: W.W. Norton & Co. ISBN 978-0393057638. 
^ Indiveri, Giacomo; Horiuchi, Timothy K. (2011). "Frontiers in Neuromorphic Engineering". Frontiers in Neuroscience. 5. PMC 3189639 . PMID 22013408. doi:10.3389/fnins.2011.00118. 
^ Mead, Carver (1989). Analog VLSI and neural systems. Reading, Mass.: Addison-Wesley. ISBN 978-0201059922. 
^ a b Markoff, John (December 28, 2013). "Brainlike Computers, Learning From Experience". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Reiss, Spencer (2004). "Carver Mead's Natural Inspiration" (PDF). Technology Review. Retrieved 2010-07-23. 
^ Markoff, John (October 24, 1994). "Pad to Replace Computer Mouse Is Set for Debut". The New York Times. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Diehl, Stanford; Lennon, Anthony J.; McDonough, John (Oct 1995). "Touchpads to Navigate By". Byte. Green Publishing (October 1995): 150. ISSN 0360-5280. 
^ Lyon, R. F.; Mead, C. (1988). "An analog electronic cochlea". IEEE Trans. on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing. 36: 1119–1134. doi:10.1109/29.1639. 
^ Richard F. Lyon, "A Computational Model of Filtering, Detection, and Compression in the Cochlea", Proceedings IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing, Paris, May 1982.
^ Lyon, Richard F. (1991). "Analog implementations of auditory models". Proc. DARPA Workshop on Speech and Natural Language. 
^ Wen, Bo; Boahen, Kwabena (December 2009). "A Silicon Cochlea With Active Coupling". IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and Systems. 3 (6): 444–455. doi:10.1109/TBCAS.2009.2027127. 
^ "Sonic Innovations Inc. History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mahowald, Misha A.; Mead, Carver (May 1991). "The Silicon Retina". Scientific American. 264 (5): 76–82. PMID 2052936. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0591-76. 
^ "Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize". Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "An incurable itch". Technology Quarterly (Q3). September 20, 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver A. (2011). "Adaptive Retina". In Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M. Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. 
^ "Foveon X3 technology overview". Digital Photography Review. February 11, 2002. 
^ Peters, Mark (6 November 2005). "Royal Photographic Society Award for Foveon sensor". 
^ Diorio, C.; Hasler, P.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1995). "A single-transistor silicon synapse". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 43 (11): 1972–1980. doi:10.1109/16.543035. 
^ Hasler, P.; Diorio, C.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1999). "Single transistor learning synapse with long term storage". Proceedings of the 1995 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 3: 1660–1663. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1995.523729. 
^ Diorio, Chris; Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Mead, Carver (1998). "Floating-Gate MOS Synapse Transistors". In Lande, Tor Sverre. Neuromorphic systems engineering : neural networks in silicon. Boston, Massachusetts: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8158-7. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M., eds. (2011). Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. (PDF). Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Diorio, Chris (1999). "Floating-gate devices: they are not just for digital memories any more" (PDF). ISCAS '99. Proceedings of the 1999 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 2: 388–391. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1999.780740. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Cauwenberghs, Gert; Bayoumi, Magdy A. (1999). Learning on silicon : adaptive VLSI neural systems. Boston: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8555-4. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Veterans Affairs to Install RFID in Hospitals across America". Impinj. 14 June 2013. 
^ Mead, Carver (2002). Collective Electrodynamics: Quantum Foundations of Electromagnetism. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-63260-8. 
^ http://arxiv.org/abs/1503.04866
^ Isi, M.; Weinstein, A. J.; Mead, C.; Pitkin, M. (20 April 2015). "Detecting beyond-Einstein polarizations of continuous gravitational waves.". Physical Review D. 91 (8). doi:10.1103/PhysRevD.91.082002. 
^ "Impinj Adds New Piece Of The RFID Puzzle" (PDF). Scan: The Data Capture Report. February 28, 2014. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Viewlogic Acquires Silerity". Business Wire. 1995. 
^ "BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award". Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Progress Medal". RPS. Retrieved 6 March 2017. 
^ "President Bush Announces the Laureates of the 2002 National Medals of Science and Technology". The White House. October 22, 2003. 
^ Towey, Laine (March 8, 2002). "Microelectronics Pioneer Carver Mead Wins $47,000 Dickson Prize". Carnegie Mellon News. Carnegie Mellon University. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Newton, A. Richard (November 12, 1996). "Presentation of the 1996 Phil Kaufman Award to Professor Carver A. Mead". Berkeley Engineering. 
^ "Franklin Institute Honors Eight Physicists". Physics Today. 38 (7): 84. 1985. doi:10.1063/1.2814644. 
^ "The Harold Pender Award". School of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved February 5, 2011. 





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 32253855
LCCN: n79003041
ISNI: 0000 0001 1756 9138
GND: 143053000
SUDOC: 058604561
BNF: cb14636327p (data)
MGP: 123055
NDL: 00449614










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carver_Mead&oldid=786927216"					
Categories: 1934 birthsMembers of the United States National Academy of SciencesLiving peopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican electronics engineersAmerican computer businesspeopleElectronic design automation peopleLemelson–MIT PrizeNational Medal of Technology recipientsCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniCalifornia Institute of Technology facultyMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2001All articles containing potentially dated statementsUse dmy dates from August 2010Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةDeutschEspañolFrançaisLatinaMalagasy日本語PolskiPortuguês中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carver Mead - Wikipedia






















 






Carver Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carver Mead



Carver Mead in 2002



Born
(1934-05-01) May 1, 1934 (age 83)
Bakersfield, California


Nationality
American


Thesis
Transistor Switching Analysis (1960)


Doctoral advisor
R. D. Middlebrook
Robert V. Langmuir


Notable awards
National Medal of Technology
2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award
Computer History Museum Fellow (2002)



External video




 Carver Mead, Winner of 1999 Lemelson-MIT Prize, Lemelson Foundation


 Carver Mead - Semiconductors, April 17, 2014, The Official ACM


 Carver Mead presents The Universe and Us: An Integrated Theory of Electromagnetics and Gravitation, TTI/Vanguard


Carver Andress Mead (born 1 May 1934) is a US scientist and engineer. He currently holds the position of Gordon and Betty Moore Professor Emeritus of Engineering and Applied Science at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), having taught there for over 40 years.[1] Mead is an enthusiastic instructor, and he advised the first female electrical engineering student at Caltech, Louise Kirkbride.[2] His contributions as a teacher include the classic textbook Introduction to VLSI Design (1980), which he coauthored with Lynn Conway.
A pioneer of modern microelectronics, he has made contributions to the development and design of semiconductors, digital chips, and silicon compilers, technologies which form the foundations of modern very-large-scale integration chip design. In the 1980s, he focused on electronic modelling of human neurology and biology, creating "neuromorphic electronic systems."[3][4][5] Mead has been involved in the founding of more than 20 companies.[6] Most recently, he has called for the reconceptualization of modern physics, revisiting the theoretical debates of Niels Bohr, Albert Einstein and others in light of later experiments and developments in instrumentation.[7]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Microelectronics

2.1 GaAs MESFET
2.2 Moore's law
2.3 Mead–Conway VLSI design


3 Neural models of computing

3.1 Touch
3.2 Hearing
3.3 Vision
3.4 Synapses


4 Reconceptualizing Physics
5 Companies
6 Awards
7 External links
8 References



Early life and education[edit]
Carver Andress Mead was born in Bakersfield, California and grew up in Kernville, California. His father worked in a power plant at the Big Creek Hydroelectric Project, owned by Southern California Edison Company.[7] Carver attended a tiny local school for some years, then moved to Fresno, California to live with his grandmother so that he could attend a larger high school.[2] He became interested in electricity and electronics while very young, seeing the work at the power plant, experimenting with electrical equipment, qualifying for an amateur radio license and in high school working at local radio stations.[8]
Mead studied electrical engineering at Caltech, getting his BS in 1956, his MS in 1957, and his PhD degree in 1960.[9][10]
Microelectronics[edit]
Mead's contributions have arisen from the application of basic physics to the development of electronic devices, often in novel ways. During the 1960s, he carried out systematic investigations into the energy behavior of electrons in insulators and semiconductors, developing a deep understanding of electron tunneling, barrier behavior and hot-electron transport.[11] In 1960, he was the first person to describe and demonstrate a three-terminal solid-state device based on the operating principles of electron tunnelling and hot-electron transport.[12] In 1962 he demonstrated that using tunnel emission, hot electrons retained energy when traveling nanometer distances in gold.[13] His studies of III-V compounds (with W. G. Spitzer) established the importance of interface states, laying the groundwork for band-gap engineering and the development of heterojunction devices.[11][14][15][16]
GaAs MESFET[edit]
In 1966, Mead designed the first gallium arsenide gate field-effect transistor using a Schottky barrier diode to isolate the gate from the channel.[17] As a material, GaAs offers much higher electron mobility and higher saturation velocity than silicon.[18] The GaAs MESFET became the dominant microwave semiconductor device, used in a variety of high-frequency wireless electronics, including microwave communication systems in radio telescopes, satellite dishes and cellular phones. Carver's work on MESFETs also became the basis for the later development of HEMTs (High-electron-mobility transistors) by Fujitsu in 1980. HEMTs, like MESFETs, are accumulation-mode devices used in microwave receivers and telecommunication systems.[18]
Moore's law[edit]
Mead is credited by Gordon Moore with coining the term Moore's law,[19] to denote the prediction Moore made in 1965 about the growth rate of the component count, "a component being a transistor, resistor, diode or capacitor,"[20] fitting on a single integrated circuit. Moore and Mead began collaborating around 1959 when Moore gave Mead "cosmetic reject" transistors from Fairchild Semiconductor for his students to use in his classes. During the 1960s Mead made weekly visits to Fairchild, visiting the research and development labs and discussing their work with Moore. During one of their discussions, Moore asked Mead whether electron tunneling might limit the size of a workable transistor. When told that it would, he asked what the limit would be.[21]
Stimulated by Moore's question, Mead and his students began a physics-based analysis of possible materials, trying to determine a lower bound for Moore's Law. In 1968, Mead demonstrated, contrary to common assumptions, that as transistors decreased in size, they would not become more fragile or hotter or more expensive or slower. Rather, he argued that transistors would get faster, better, cooler and cheaper as they were miniaturized.[22] His results were initially met with considerable skepticism, but as designers experimented, more and more results supported his assertion.[21] In 1972, Mead and graduate student Bruce Hoeneisen predicted that transistors could be made as small as 0.15 microns. This lower limit to transistor size was considerably smaller than had been generally expected.[22] Despite initial doubts, Mead's prediction influenced the computer industry's development of submicron technology.[21] When Mead's predicted target was achieved in actual transistor development in 2000, the transistor was highly similar to the one Mead had originally described.[23]
Mead–Conway VLSI design[edit]
Mead was the first to predict the possibility of storing millions of transistors on a chip. His prediction implied that substantial changes in technology would have to occur to achieve such scalability. Mead was one of the first researchers to investigate techniques for very-large-scale integration, designing and creating high-complexity microchips.[24]
He taught the world's first VLSI design course, at Caltech in 1970. Throughout the 1970s, with involvement and feedback from a succession of classes, Mead developed his ideas of integrated circuit and system design. He worked with Ivan Sutherland and Frederick B. Thompson to establish Computer Science as a department at Caltech, which formally occurred in 1976.[25][26] Also in 1976, Mead co-authored a DARPA report with Ivan Sutherland and Thomas Eugene Everhart, assessing the limitations of current microelectronics fabrication and recommending research into the system design implications of "very-large-scale integrated circuits".[27]
Beginning in 1975, Carver Mead collaborated with Lynn Conway from Xerox PARC.[24] They developed the landmark text Introduction to VLSI systems, published in 1979, an important spearhead of the Mead & Conway revolution.[28] A pioneering textbook, it has been used in VLSI integrated circuit education all over the world for decades.[29] The circulation of early preprint chapters in classes and among other researchers attracted widespread interest and created a community of people interested in the approach.[30] They also demonstrated the feasibility of multi-project shared-wafer methodology, creating chips for students in their classes.[31][32][33][34]
Their work caused a paradigm shift,[34] a "fundamental reassessment" of the development of integrated circuits,[24] and "revolutionized the world of computers".[35] In 1981, Mead and Conway received the Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine in recognition of their contributions.[24] More than 30 years later, the impact of their work is still being assessed.[36]
Building on the ideas of VLSI design, Mead and his Ph.D. student David L. Johannsen created the first silicon compiler, capable of taking a user's specifications and automatically generating an integrated circuit.[37][38] Mead, Johannsen, Edmund K. Cheng and others formed Silicon Compilers Inc. (SCI) in 1981. SCI designed one of the key chips for Digital Equipment Corporation’s MicroVAX minicomputer.[38][39]
Mead and Conway laid the groundwork for the development of the MOSIS (Metal Oxide Semiconductor Implementation Service) and the fabrication of the first CMOS chip.[36] Mead advocated for the idea of Fabless manufacturing in which customers specify their design needs to fabless semiconductor companies. The companies then design special-purpose chips and outsource the chip fabrication to less expensive overseas semiconductor foundries.[40]
Neural models of computing[edit]
Next Carver Mead began to explore the potential for modelling biological systems of computation, both animal and human brains. His interest in biological models dated back at least to 1967, when he met biophysicist Max Delbrück. Delbrück had stimulated Mead's interest in transducer physiology, the transformations that occur between the physical input initiating a perceptual process and eventual perceptual phenomena.[41]
Observing graded synaptic transmission in the retina, Mead became interested in the potential to treat transistors as analog devices rather than digital switches.[42] He noted parallels between charges moving in MOS transistors operated in weak inversion and charges flowing across the membranes of neurons.[43] He worked with Professor John Hopfield and Nobelist Richard Feynman, helping to create three new fields: Neural Networks, Neuromorphic Engineering, and the Physics of Computation.[10] Mead, considered a founder of Neuromorphic Engineering, is credited with coining the term "neuromorphic processors".[3][5][44]
Developing this new direction, Mead was successful in finding venture capital funding to support the start of a number of companies, in part due to an early connection with Arnold Beckman, chairman of the Caltech Board of Trustees.[10] Mead has said that his preferred approach to development is "technology push", exploring something interesting and then developing useful applications for it.[45]
Touch[edit]
In 1986, Mead and Federico Faggin founded Synaptics Inc. to develop analog circuits based in neural networking theories, suitable for use in vision and speech recognition. The first product that Synaptics brought to market was a pressure-sensitive computer touchpad, a form of sensing technology that rapidly replaced the trackball and mouse in laptop computers.[46][47] The Synaptics touchpad was extremely successful, at one point capturing 70% of the touchpad market.[22]
Hearing[edit]
In 1988, Richard Francis Lyon and Carver Mead described the creation of an analog cochlea, modelling the fluid-dynamic traveling-wave system of the auditory portion of the inner ear.[48] Lyon had previously described a computational model for the work of the cochlea.[49] Such technology had potential applications in hearing aids, cochlear implants, and a variety of speech-recognition devices. Their work has inspired ongoing research, attempting to create a silicon analog that can emulate the signal processing capacities of a biological cochlea.[50][51]
In 1991, Mead helped to form Sonix Technologies, Inc. (later Sonic Innovations Inc.), founded by Brigham Young University professors Doug Chabries and Richard Christiansen in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mead designed the computer chip for their hearing aids. In addition to being small, the chip was said to be the most powerful used in a hearing aid. Release of the company's first product, the Natura hearing aid, occurred in September 1998.[52]
Vision[edit]
In the late 1980s, Mead advised Misha Mahowald, a PhD student in Computation and Neural Systems, to develop the silicon retina, using analog electrical circuits to mimic the biological functions of rod cells, cone cells, and other non-photoreceptive cells in the retina of the eye.[53] Her 1992 thesis received Caltech's Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize for its originality and "potential for opening up new avenues of human thought and endeavor".[54] As of 2001[update] her work was considered "the best attempt to date" to develop a stereoscopic vision system.[55] Mead went on to describe an adaptive silicon retina, using a two-dimensional resistive network to model the first layer of visual processing in the outer plexiform layer of the retina.[56]
Around 1999, Mead and others established Foveon, Inc. in Santa Clara, California to develop new digital camera technology based on neurally-inspired CMOS image sensor/processing chips.[22] The image sensors in the Foveon X3 digital camera capture multiple colors for each pixel, detecting red, green and blue at different levels in the silicon sensor. This provides more complete information and better quality photos compared to standard cameras that detect one color per pixel.[57] It has been hailed as revolutionary.[22] In 2005, Carver Mead, Richard B. Merrill and Richard Francis Lyon of Foveon were awarded the Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society, for the development of the Foveon X3 sensor.[58]
Synapses[edit]
Mead's work underlies the development of computer processors whose electronic components are connected in ways that resemble biological synapses.[44] In 1995 and 1996 Mead, Hasler, Diorio, and Minch presented single transistor silicon synapses capable of analog learning applications[59] and long-term memory storage.[60] Carver pioneered the use of floating-gate transistors as a means of non-volatile storage for neuromorphic and other analog circuits.[61][62][63][64]
Mead and Diorio went on to found Impinj based on their work with floating-gate transistors. Using low-power methods of storing charges on floating-gate transistors, Impinj developed applications for flash memory storage and radio frequency identity tags (RFID).[45][65]
Reconceptualizing Physics[edit]
Carver Mead has developed an approach he calls Collective Electrodynamics in which electromagnetic effects, including quantized energy transfer, are derived from the interactions of the wavefunctions of electrons behaving collectively.[66] In this formulation, the photon is a non-entity, and Planck's energy–frequency relationship comes from the interactions of electron eigenstates. The approach is related to John Cramer's transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics, to the Wheeler–Feynman absorber theory of electrodynamics, and to Gilbert N. Lewis's early description of electromagnetic energy exchange at zero interval in spacetime.
This reconceptualization makes predictions that differ from general relativity.[67] For instance, gravitational waves should have a different polarization under "G4v", the name given to this new theory of gravity. Moreover, this difference in polarization can be detected by advanced LIGO.[68]
Companies[edit]
Mead has been involved in the founding of at least 20 companies. The following list indicates some of the most significant, and their main contributions.

Actel, field programmable gate arrays[6][45]
Foveon, silicon sensors for photographic imaging[8][41][45]
Impinj, self-adaptive microchips for flash memory and RFID[8][69]
Silicon Compilers, integrated circuit design[6]
Sonic Innovations, computer chips for hearing aids[6]
Synaptics, touch pads for computers[6][45]
Silerity, automated chip design software[70]

Awards[edit]

2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award of Information and Communication Technologies "... for his influential thinking in silicon technology. His work has enabled the development of the microchips that drive the electronic devices (laptops, tablets, smartphones, DVD players) ubiquitous in our daily lives."[71]
2005, Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society[72]
2002, National Medal of Technology[6][73]
2002, Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his contributions in pioneering the automation, methodology and teaching of integrated circuit design".[1]
2001, Dickson Prize in Science, award announced 2001, lecture March 19, 2002[74]
1999, Lemelson-MIT Prize[8]
1997, Allen Newell Award, Association for Computing Machinery[4][8]
1996, John Von Neumann Medal, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers[8]
1996, Phil Kaufman Award for his impact on electronic design industry[75]
1992, Award for Outstanding Research, International Neural Network Society[8]
1985, John Price Wetherill Medal from The Franklin Institute, with Lynn Conway[76]
1985, Harry H. Goode Memorial Award, American Federation of Information Processing Societies[8]
1984, Harold Pender Award, with Lynn Conway[77]
1981, Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine, with Lynn Conway[24]

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Carver Mead





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries




By Carver Mead




Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Official Website
Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). "Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– )" (PDF). Oral History Project. Pasadena, California: California Institute of Technology Archives. 

References[edit]


^ a b "Carver Mead 2002 Fellow". Computer History Museum. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b "The Life of a Caltech "Lifer"". Caltech. Caltech News and Events. Retrieved May 1, 2014. 
^ a b Furber, Steve (2016). "Large-scale neuromorphic computing systems". Journal of Neural Engineering. Bristol: IOP Publishing. 13 (5): 051001. PMID 27529195. doi:10.1088/1741-2560/13/5/051001.  
^ a b "Carver Mead to receive ACM Allen Newell Award". ACM Pressroom. September 30, 1997. Retrieved 5 June 2015. 
^ a b Marcus, Gary (November 20, 2012). "The Brain in the Machine". The New Yorker. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f "National Medal of Technology awardedby President Bush to Caltech's Carver Mead". Calrech News and Events. October 22, 2003. 
^ a b "Carver Mead". American Spectator. 34 (7): 68. 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g h Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Carver Mead". Computation & Neural Systems. California Institute of Technology. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b c Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– ) (PDF). Pasadena, California: Oral History Project, California Institute of Technology Archives. 
^ a b Mead, Carver A. "Brief sketch of contributions" (PDF). Caltech. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1960). "The Tunnel-Emission Amplifier". Proceedings of the IRE. 48 (3): 359–361. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1 July 1962). "Transport of Hot Electrons in Thin Gold Films.". Physical Review Letters. 9 (1): 46–46. Bibcode:1962PhRvL...9...46M. doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.9.46. 
^ Spitzer, W. G.; Mead, C. A. (1963). "Barrier Height Studies on Metal-Semiconductor Systems". Journal of Applied Physics. 34 (10): 3061. doi:10.1063/1.1729121. 
^ Mead, C. A.; Spitzer, W. G. (4 May 1964). "Fermi Level Position at Metal-Semiconductor Interfaces". Physical Review. 134 (3A): A713–A716. doi:10.1103/PhysRev.134.A713. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Wilmsen, Carl (2012). Physics and Chemistry of Iii-v Compound Semiconductor Interfaces. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4684-4837-5. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C.A. (1966). "Schottky barrier gate field effect transistor". Proceedings of the IEEE. 54 (2): 307–308. doi:10.1109/PROC.1966.4661. 
^ a b Voinigescu, Sorin (2013). High-frequency integrated circuits. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 254–264. ISBN 9780521873024. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (March 9, 2005). "Moore says nanoelectronics face tough challenges". CNET News. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Moore, Gordon E. (1995). "Lithography and the future of Moore's law" (PDF). SPIE. Retrieved 2014-05-27. 
^ a b c Brock, David C., ed. (2006). Understanding Moore's law : four decades of innovation. Philadelphia, Pa: Chemical Heritage Press. pp. 97–100. ISBN 0941901416. 
^ a b c d e Gilder, George (July 5, 1999). "Carver Mead's fabulous camera". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kilbane, Doris (2005). "Carver Mead: A Trip Through Four Eras Of Innovation". Electronic Design. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Marshall, Martin; Waller, Larry; Wolff, Howard (October 20, 1981). "The 1981 Achievement Award". Electronics. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Frederick B. Thompson 1922–2014". Caltech. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Computer Science @ Caltech : History". 50th Anniversary Celebration. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Sutherland, Ivan E.; Mead, Carver A.; Everhart, Thomas E. (1976). R-1956-ARPA November 1976 Basic Limitations in Microcircuit Fabrication Technology. The Rand Corporation. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael A. (November 19, 2000). "Through the Gender Labyrinth". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (2007). Dealers of lightning : Xerox PARC and the dawn of the computer age. New York: HarperBusiness. ISBN 9780887309892. 
^ Conway, Lynn. "Drafts of the Mead-Conway textbook, Introduction to VLSI Systems". University of Michigan. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, Lynn Conway, Xerox PARC Technical Report VLSI-81-2, January 19, 1981.
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, by Lynn Conway, Microprocessing and Microprogramming – The Euromicro Journal, Vol. 10, No. 4, November 1982, pp 209-228.
^ "MPWs: Catalyst of IC Production Innovation". The MOSIS Service. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b House, Chuck (2012). "A Paradigm Shift Was Happening All Around Us" (PDF). IEEE Solid State Circuits Magazine. 4 (4): 32–35. doi:10.1109/mssc.2012.2215759. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Allman, W.F. (October 21, 1991). "The man who crafts cathedrals of sand". U.S. News & World Report. 111 (17): 80. 
^ a b Casale-Rossi, Marco; et. al. (18 March 2013). "Panel: The heritage of Mead & Conway What has remained the same, what was missed, what has changed, what lies ahead" (PDF). Design, Automation & Test in Europe Conference & Exhibition (DATE): 171–175. doi:10.7873/date.2013.049. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Johannsen, D. L., "Bristle Blocks: A Silicon Compiler," Proceedings 16th Design Automation Conference, 310–313, June 1979.
^ a b Lammers, David (April 30, 2015). "Moore’s Law Milestones". IEEE Spectrum. 
^ Cheng, Edmund; Fairbairn, Douglas (March 10, 2014). "Oral History of Edmund Cheng" (PDF). Computer History Museum. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Brown, Clair; Linden, Greg (2011). Chips and change : how crisis reshapes the semiconductor industry (1st ed.). Cambridge, Mass.: MIT Press. ISBN 9780262516822. 
^ a b Gilder, George (2005). The Silicon Eye: How a Silicon Valley Company Aims to Make All Current Computers, Cameras, and Cell Phones Obsolete (1st ed.). New York: W.W. Norton & Co. ISBN 978-0393057638. 
^ Indiveri, Giacomo; Horiuchi, Timothy K. (2011). "Frontiers in Neuromorphic Engineering". Frontiers in Neuroscience. 5. PMC 3189639 . PMID 22013408. doi:10.3389/fnins.2011.00118. 
^ Mead, Carver (1989). Analog VLSI and neural systems. Reading, Mass.: Addison-Wesley. ISBN 978-0201059922. 
^ a b Markoff, John (December 28, 2013). "Brainlike Computers, Learning From Experience". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Reiss, Spencer (2004). "Carver Mead's Natural Inspiration" (PDF). Technology Review. Retrieved 2010-07-23. 
^ Markoff, John (October 24, 1994). "Pad to Replace Computer Mouse Is Set for Debut". The New York Times. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Diehl, Stanford; Lennon, Anthony J.; McDonough, John (Oct 1995). "Touchpads to Navigate By". Byte. Green Publishing (October 1995): 150. ISSN 0360-5280. 
^ Lyon, R. F.; Mead, C. (1988). "An analog electronic cochlea". IEEE Trans. on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing. 36: 1119–1134. doi:10.1109/29.1639. 
^ Richard F. Lyon, "A Computational Model of Filtering, Detection, and Compression in the Cochlea", Proceedings IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing, Paris, May 1982.
^ Lyon, Richard F. (1991). "Analog implementations of auditory models". Proc. DARPA Workshop on Speech and Natural Language. 
^ Wen, Bo; Boahen, Kwabena (December 2009). "A Silicon Cochlea With Active Coupling". IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and Systems. 3 (6): 444–455. doi:10.1109/TBCAS.2009.2027127. 
^ "Sonic Innovations Inc. History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mahowald, Misha A.; Mead, Carver (May 1991). "The Silicon Retina". Scientific American. 264 (5): 76–82. PMID 2052936. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0591-76. 
^ "Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize". Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "An incurable itch". Technology Quarterly (Q3). September 20, 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver A. (2011). "Adaptive Retina". In Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M. Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. 
^ "Foveon X3 technology overview". Digital Photography Review. February 11, 2002. 
^ Peters, Mark (6 November 2005). "Royal Photographic Society Award for Foveon sensor". 
^ Diorio, C.; Hasler, P.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1995). "A single-transistor silicon synapse". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 43 (11): 1972–1980. doi:10.1109/16.543035. 
^ Hasler, P.; Diorio, C.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1999). "Single transistor learning synapse with long term storage". Proceedings of the 1995 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 3: 1660–1663. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1995.523729. 
^ Diorio, Chris; Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Mead, Carver (1998). "Floating-Gate MOS Synapse Transistors". In Lande, Tor Sverre. Neuromorphic systems engineering : neural networks in silicon. Boston, Massachusetts: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8158-7. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M., eds. (2011). Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. (PDF). Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Diorio, Chris (1999). "Floating-gate devices: they are not just for digital memories any more" (PDF). ISCAS '99. Proceedings of the 1999 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 2: 388–391. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1999.780740. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Cauwenberghs, Gert; Bayoumi, Magdy A. (1999). Learning on silicon : adaptive VLSI neural systems. Boston: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8555-4. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Veterans Affairs to Install RFID in Hospitals across America". Impinj. 14 June 2013. 
^ Mead, Carver (2002). Collective Electrodynamics: Quantum Foundations of Electromagnetism. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-63260-8. 
^ http://arxiv.org/abs/1503.04866
^ Isi, M.; Weinstein, A. J.; Mead, C.; Pitkin, M. (20 April 2015). "Detecting beyond-Einstein polarizations of continuous gravitational waves.". Physical Review D. 91 (8). doi:10.1103/PhysRevD.91.082002. 
^ "Impinj Adds New Piece Of The RFID Puzzle" (PDF). Scan: The Data Capture Report. February 28, 2014. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Viewlogic Acquires Silerity". Business Wire. 1995. 
^ "BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award". Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Progress Medal". RPS. Retrieved 6 March 2017. 
^ "President Bush Announces the Laureates of the 2002 National Medals of Science and Technology". The White House. October 22, 2003. 
^ Towey, Laine (March 8, 2002). "Microelectronics Pioneer Carver Mead Wins $47,000 Dickson Prize". Carnegie Mellon News. Carnegie Mellon University. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Newton, A. Richard (November 12, 1996). "Presentation of the 1996 Phil Kaufman Award to Professor Carver A. Mead". Berkeley Engineering. 
^ "Franklin Institute Honors Eight Physicists". Physics Today. 38 (7): 84. 1985. doi:10.1063/1.2814644. 
^ "The Harold Pender Award". School of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved February 5, 2011. 





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 32253855
LCCN: n79003041
ISNI: 0000 0001 1756 9138
GND: 143053000
SUDOC: 058604561
BNF: cb14636327p (data)
MGP: 123055
NDL: 00449614










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carver_Mead&oldid=786927216"					
Categories: 1934 birthsMembers of the United States National Academy of SciencesLiving peopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican electronics engineersAmerican computer businesspeopleElectronic design automation peopleLemelson–MIT PrizeNational Medal of Technology recipientsCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniCalifornia Institute of Technology facultyMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2001All articles containing potentially dated statementsUse dmy dates from August 2010Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةDeutschEspañolFrançaisLatinaMalagasy日本語PolskiPortuguês中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carver Mead - Wikipedia






















 






Carver Mead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carver Mead



Carver Mead in 2002



Born
(1934-05-01) May 1, 1934 (age 83)
Bakersfield, California


Nationality
American


Thesis
Transistor Switching Analysis (1960)


Doctoral advisor
R. D. Middlebrook
Robert V. Langmuir


Notable awards
National Medal of Technology
2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award
Computer History Museum Fellow (2002)



External video




 Carver Mead, Winner of 1999 Lemelson-MIT Prize, Lemelson Foundation


 Carver Mead - Semiconductors, April 17, 2014, The Official ACM


 Carver Mead presents The Universe and Us: An Integrated Theory of Electromagnetics and Gravitation, TTI/Vanguard


Carver Andress Mead (born 1 May 1934) is a US scientist and engineer. He currently holds the position of Gordon and Betty Moore Professor Emeritus of Engineering and Applied Science at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), having taught there for over 40 years.[1] Mead is an enthusiastic instructor, and he advised the first female electrical engineering student at Caltech, Louise Kirkbride.[2] His contributions as a teacher include the classic textbook Introduction to VLSI Design (1980), which he coauthored with Lynn Conway.
A pioneer of modern microelectronics, he has made contributions to the development and design of semiconductors, digital chips, and silicon compilers, technologies which form the foundations of modern very-large-scale integration chip design. In the 1980s, he focused on electronic modelling of human neurology and biology, creating "neuromorphic electronic systems."[3][4][5] Mead has been involved in the founding of more than 20 companies.[6] Most recently, he has called for the reconceptualization of modern physics, revisiting the theoretical debates of Niels Bohr, Albert Einstein and others in light of later experiments and developments in instrumentation.[7]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Microelectronics

2.1 GaAs MESFET
2.2 Moore's law
2.3 Mead–Conway VLSI design


3 Neural models of computing

3.1 Touch
3.2 Hearing
3.3 Vision
3.4 Synapses


4 Reconceptualizing Physics
5 Companies
6 Awards
7 External links
8 References



Early life and education[edit]
Carver Andress Mead was born in Bakersfield, California and grew up in Kernville, California. His father worked in a power plant at the Big Creek Hydroelectric Project, owned by Southern California Edison Company.[7] Carver attended a tiny local school for some years, then moved to Fresno, California to live with his grandmother so that he could attend a larger high school.[2] He became interested in electricity and electronics while very young, seeing the work at the power plant, experimenting with electrical equipment, qualifying for an amateur radio license and in high school working at local radio stations.[8]
Mead studied electrical engineering at Caltech, getting his BS in 1956, his MS in 1957, and his PhD degree in 1960.[9][10]
Microelectronics[edit]
Mead's contributions have arisen from the application of basic physics to the development of electronic devices, often in novel ways. During the 1960s, he carried out systematic investigations into the energy behavior of electrons in insulators and semiconductors, developing a deep understanding of electron tunneling, barrier behavior and hot-electron transport.[11] In 1960, he was the first person to describe and demonstrate a three-terminal solid-state device based on the operating principles of electron tunnelling and hot-electron transport.[12] In 1962 he demonstrated that using tunnel emission, hot electrons retained energy when traveling nanometer distances in gold.[13] His studies of III-V compounds (with W. G. Spitzer) established the importance of interface states, laying the groundwork for band-gap engineering and the development of heterojunction devices.[11][14][15][16]
GaAs MESFET[edit]
In 1966, Mead designed the first gallium arsenide gate field-effect transistor using a Schottky barrier diode to isolate the gate from the channel.[17] As a material, GaAs offers much higher electron mobility and higher saturation velocity than silicon.[18] The GaAs MESFET became the dominant microwave semiconductor device, used in a variety of high-frequency wireless electronics, including microwave communication systems in radio telescopes, satellite dishes and cellular phones. Carver's work on MESFETs also became the basis for the later development of HEMTs (High-electron-mobility transistors) by Fujitsu in 1980. HEMTs, like MESFETs, are accumulation-mode devices used in microwave receivers and telecommunication systems.[18]
Moore's law[edit]
Mead is credited by Gordon Moore with coining the term Moore's law,[19] to denote the prediction Moore made in 1965 about the growth rate of the component count, "a component being a transistor, resistor, diode or capacitor,"[20] fitting on a single integrated circuit. Moore and Mead began collaborating around 1959 when Moore gave Mead "cosmetic reject" transistors from Fairchild Semiconductor for his students to use in his classes. During the 1960s Mead made weekly visits to Fairchild, visiting the research and development labs and discussing their work with Moore. During one of their discussions, Moore asked Mead whether electron tunneling might limit the size of a workable transistor. When told that it would, he asked what the limit would be.[21]
Stimulated by Moore's question, Mead and his students began a physics-based analysis of possible materials, trying to determine a lower bound for Moore's Law. In 1968, Mead demonstrated, contrary to common assumptions, that as transistors decreased in size, they would not become more fragile or hotter or more expensive or slower. Rather, he argued that transistors would get faster, better, cooler and cheaper as they were miniaturized.[22] His results were initially met with considerable skepticism, but as designers experimented, more and more results supported his assertion.[21] In 1972, Mead and graduate student Bruce Hoeneisen predicted that transistors could be made as small as 0.15 microns. This lower limit to transistor size was considerably smaller than had been generally expected.[22] Despite initial doubts, Mead's prediction influenced the computer industry's development of submicron technology.[21] When Mead's predicted target was achieved in actual transistor development in 2000, the transistor was highly similar to the one Mead had originally described.[23]
Mead–Conway VLSI design[edit]
Mead was the first to predict the possibility of storing millions of transistors on a chip. His prediction implied that substantial changes in technology would have to occur to achieve such scalability. Mead was one of the first researchers to investigate techniques for very-large-scale integration, designing and creating high-complexity microchips.[24]
He taught the world's first VLSI design course, at Caltech in 1970. Throughout the 1970s, with involvement and feedback from a succession of classes, Mead developed his ideas of integrated circuit and system design. He worked with Ivan Sutherland and Frederick B. Thompson to establish Computer Science as a department at Caltech, which formally occurred in 1976.[25][26] Also in 1976, Mead co-authored a DARPA report with Ivan Sutherland and Thomas Eugene Everhart, assessing the limitations of current microelectronics fabrication and recommending research into the system design implications of "very-large-scale integrated circuits".[27]
Beginning in 1975, Carver Mead collaborated with Lynn Conway from Xerox PARC.[24] They developed the landmark text Introduction to VLSI systems, published in 1979, an important spearhead of the Mead & Conway revolution.[28] A pioneering textbook, it has been used in VLSI integrated circuit education all over the world for decades.[29] The circulation of early preprint chapters in classes and among other researchers attracted widespread interest and created a community of people interested in the approach.[30] They also demonstrated the feasibility of multi-project shared-wafer methodology, creating chips for students in their classes.[31][32][33][34]
Their work caused a paradigm shift,[34] a "fundamental reassessment" of the development of integrated circuits,[24] and "revolutionized the world of computers".[35] In 1981, Mead and Conway received the Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine in recognition of their contributions.[24] More than 30 years later, the impact of their work is still being assessed.[36]
Building on the ideas of VLSI design, Mead and his Ph.D. student David L. Johannsen created the first silicon compiler, capable of taking a user's specifications and automatically generating an integrated circuit.[37][38] Mead, Johannsen, Edmund K. Cheng and others formed Silicon Compilers Inc. (SCI) in 1981. SCI designed one of the key chips for Digital Equipment Corporation’s MicroVAX minicomputer.[38][39]
Mead and Conway laid the groundwork for the development of the MOSIS (Metal Oxide Semiconductor Implementation Service) and the fabrication of the first CMOS chip.[36] Mead advocated for the idea of Fabless manufacturing in which customers specify their design needs to fabless semiconductor companies. The companies then design special-purpose chips and outsource the chip fabrication to less expensive overseas semiconductor foundries.[40]
Neural models of computing[edit]
Next Carver Mead began to explore the potential for modelling biological systems of computation, both animal and human brains. His interest in biological models dated back at least to 1967, when he met biophysicist Max Delbrück. Delbrück had stimulated Mead's interest in transducer physiology, the transformations that occur between the physical input initiating a perceptual process and eventual perceptual phenomena.[41]
Observing graded synaptic transmission in the retina, Mead became interested in the potential to treat transistors as analog devices rather than digital switches.[42] He noted parallels between charges moving in MOS transistors operated in weak inversion and charges flowing across the membranes of neurons.[43] He worked with Professor John Hopfield and Nobelist Richard Feynman, helping to create three new fields: Neural Networks, Neuromorphic Engineering, and the Physics of Computation.[10] Mead, considered a founder of Neuromorphic Engineering, is credited with coining the term "neuromorphic processors".[3][5][44]
Developing this new direction, Mead was successful in finding venture capital funding to support the start of a number of companies, in part due to an early connection with Arnold Beckman, chairman of the Caltech Board of Trustees.[10] Mead has said that his preferred approach to development is "technology push", exploring something interesting and then developing useful applications for it.[45]
Touch[edit]
In 1986, Mead and Federico Faggin founded Synaptics Inc. to develop analog circuits based in neural networking theories, suitable for use in vision and speech recognition. The first product that Synaptics brought to market was a pressure-sensitive computer touchpad, a form of sensing technology that rapidly replaced the trackball and mouse in laptop computers.[46][47] The Synaptics touchpad was extremely successful, at one point capturing 70% of the touchpad market.[22]
Hearing[edit]
In 1988, Richard Francis Lyon and Carver Mead described the creation of an analog cochlea, modelling the fluid-dynamic traveling-wave system of the auditory portion of the inner ear.[48] Lyon had previously described a computational model for the work of the cochlea.[49] Such technology had potential applications in hearing aids, cochlear implants, and a variety of speech-recognition devices. Their work has inspired ongoing research, attempting to create a silicon analog that can emulate the signal processing capacities of a biological cochlea.[50][51]
In 1991, Mead helped to form Sonix Technologies, Inc. (later Sonic Innovations Inc.), founded by Brigham Young University professors Doug Chabries and Richard Christiansen in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mead designed the computer chip for their hearing aids. In addition to being small, the chip was said to be the most powerful used in a hearing aid. Release of the company's first product, the Natura hearing aid, occurred in September 1998.[52]
Vision[edit]
In the late 1980s, Mead advised Misha Mahowald, a PhD student in Computation and Neural Systems, to develop the silicon retina, using analog electrical circuits to mimic the biological functions of rod cells, cone cells, and other non-photoreceptive cells in the retina of the eye.[53] Her 1992 thesis received Caltech's Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize for its originality and "potential for opening up new avenues of human thought and endeavor".[54] As of 2001[update] her work was considered "the best attempt to date" to develop a stereoscopic vision system.[55] Mead went on to describe an adaptive silicon retina, using a two-dimensional resistive network to model the first layer of visual processing in the outer plexiform layer of the retina.[56]
Around 1999, Mead and others established Foveon, Inc. in Santa Clara, California to develop new digital camera technology based on neurally-inspired CMOS image sensor/processing chips.[22] The image sensors in the Foveon X3 digital camera capture multiple colors for each pixel, detecting red, green and blue at different levels in the silicon sensor. This provides more complete information and better quality photos compared to standard cameras that detect one color per pixel.[57] It has been hailed as revolutionary.[22] In 2005, Carver Mead, Richard B. Merrill and Richard Francis Lyon of Foveon were awarded the Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society, for the development of the Foveon X3 sensor.[58]
Synapses[edit]
Mead's work underlies the development of computer processors whose electronic components are connected in ways that resemble biological synapses.[44] In 1995 and 1996 Mead, Hasler, Diorio, and Minch presented single transistor silicon synapses capable of analog learning applications[59] and long-term memory storage.[60] Carver pioneered the use of floating-gate transistors as a means of non-volatile storage for neuromorphic and other analog circuits.[61][62][63][64]
Mead and Diorio went on to found Impinj based on their work with floating-gate transistors. Using low-power methods of storing charges on floating-gate transistors, Impinj developed applications for flash memory storage and radio frequency identity tags (RFID).[45][65]
Reconceptualizing Physics[edit]
Carver Mead has developed an approach he calls Collective Electrodynamics in which electromagnetic effects, including quantized energy transfer, are derived from the interactions of the wavefunctions of electrons behaving collectively.[66] In this formulation, the photon is a non-entity, and Planck's energy–frequency relationship comes from the interactions of electron eigenstates. The approach is related to John Cramer's transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics, to the Wheeler–Feynman absorber theory of electrodynamics, and to Gilbert N. Lewis's early description of electromagnetic energy exchange at zero interval in spacetime.
This reconceptualization makes predictions that differ from general relativity.[67] For instance, gravitational waves should have a different polarization under "G4v", the name given to this new theory of gravity. Moreover, this difference in polarization can be detected by advanced LIGO.[68]
Companies[edit]
Mead has been involved in the founding of at least 20 companies. The following list indicates some of the most significant, and their main contributions.

Actel, field programmable gate arrays[6][45]
Foveon, silicon sensors for photographic imaging[8][41][45]
Impinj, self-adaptive microchips for flash memory and RFID[8][69]
Silicon Compilers, integrated circuit design[6]
Sonic Innovations, computer chips for hearing aids[6]
Synaptics, touch pads for computers[6][45]
Silerity, automated chip design software[70]

Awards[edit]

2011 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award of Information and Communication Technologies "... for his influential thinking in silicon technology. His work has enabled the development of the microchips that drive the electronic devices (laptops, tablets, smartphones, DVD players) ubiquitous in our daily lives."[71]
2005, Progress Medal of the Royal Photographic Society[72]
2002, National Medal of Technology[6][73]
2002, Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his contributions in pioneering the automation, methodology and teaching of integrated circuit design".[1]
2001, Dickson Prize in Science, award announced 2001, lecture March 19, 2002[74]
1999, Lemelson-MIT Prize[8]
1997, Allen Newell Award, Association for Computing Machinery[4][8]
1996, John Von Neumann Medal, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers[8]
1996, Phil Kaufman Award for his impact on electronic design industry[75]
1992, Award for Outstanding Research, International Neural Network Society[8]
1985, John Price Wetherill Medal from The Franklin Institute, with Lynn Conway[76]
1985, Harry H. Goode Memorial Award, American Federation of Information Processing Societies[8]
1984, Harold Pender Award, with Lynn Conway[77]
1981, Award for Achievement from Electronics Magazine, with Lynn Conway[24]

External links[edit]


Library resources about
Carver Mead





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries




By Carver Mead




Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Official Website
Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). "Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– )" (PDF). Oral History Project. Pasadena, California: California Institute of Technology Archives. 

References[edit]


^ a b "Carver Mead 2002 Fellow". Computer History Museum. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b "The Life of a Caltech "Lifer"". Caltech. Caltech News and Events. Retrieved May 1, 2014. 
^ a b Furber, Steve (2016). "Large-scale neuromorphic computing systems". Journal of Neural Engineering. Bristol: IOP Publishing. 13 (5): 051001. PMID 27529195. doi:10.1088/1741-2560/13/5/051001.  
^ a b "Carver Mead to receive ACM Allen Newell Award". ACM Pressroom. September 30, 1997. Retrieved 5 June 2015. 
^ a b Marcus, Gary (November 20, 2012). "The Brain in the Machine". The New Yorker. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f "National Medal of Technology awardedby President Bush to Caltech's Carver Mead". Calrech News and Events. October 22, 2003. 
^ a b "Carver Mead". American Spectator. 34 (7): 68. 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g h Brock, David C.; Thackray, Arnold (September 30, 2004). "Interview with Carver A. Mead". Center for Oral History. Chemical Heritage Foundation.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Carver Mead". Computation & Neural Systems. California Institute of Technology. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ a b c Mead, Carver A.; Cohen, Shirley K. (July 17, 1996). Interview with Carver A. Mead (1934– ) (PDF). Pasadena, California: Oral History Project, California Institute of Technology Archives. 
^ a b Mead, Carver A. "Brief sketch of contributions" (PDF). Caltech. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1960). "The Tunnel-Emission Amplifier". Proceedings of the IRE. 48 (3): 359–361. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C. A. (1 July 1962). "Transport of Hot Electrons in Thin Gold Films.". Physical Review Letters. 9 (1): 46–46. Bibcode:1962PhRvL...9...46M. doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.9.46. 
^ Spitzer, W. G.; Mead, C. A. (1963). "Barrier Height Studies on Metal-Semiconductor Systems". Journal of Applied Physics. 34 (10): 3061. doi:10.1063/1.1729121. 
^ Mead, C. A.; Spitzer, W. G. (4 May 1964). "Fermi Level Position at Metal-Semiconductor Interfaces". Physical Review. 134 (3A): A713–A716. doi:10.1103/PhysRev.134.A713. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Wilmsen, Carl (2012). Physics and Chemistry of Iii-v Compound Semiconductor Interfaces. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4684-4837-5. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mead, C.A. (1966). "Schottky barrier gate field effect transistor". Proceedings of the IEEE. 54 (2): 307–308. doi:10.1109/PROC.1966.4661. 
^ a b Voinigescu, Sorin (2013). High-frequency integrated circuits. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 254–264. ISBN 9780521873024. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (March 9, 2005). "Moore says nanoelectronics face tough challenges". CNET News. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Moore, Gordon E. (1995). "Lithography and the future of Moore's law" (PDF). SPIE. Retrieved 2014-05-27. 
^ a b c Brock, David C., ed. (2006). Understanding Moore's law : four decades of innovation. Philadelphia, Pa: Chemical Heritage Press. pp. 97–100. ISBN 0941901416. 
^ a b c d e Gilder, George (July 5, 1999). "Carver Mead's fabulous camera". Forbes. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Kilbane, Doris (2005). "Carver Mead: A Trip Through Four Eras Of Innovation". Electronic Design. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Marshall, Martin; Waller, Larry; Wolff, Howard (October 20, 1981). "The 1981 Achievement Award". Electronics. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Frederick B. Thompson 1922–2014". Caltech. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Computer Science @ Caltech : History". 50th Anniversary Celebration. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Sutherland, Ivan E.; Mead, Carver A.; Everhart, Thomas E. (1976). R-1956-ARPA November 1976 Basic Limitations in Microcircuit Fabrication Technology. The Rand Corporation. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael A. (November 19, 2000). "Through the Gender Labyrinth". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (2007). Dealers of lightning : Xerox PARC and the dawn of the computer age. New York: HarperBusiness. ISBN 9780887309892. 
^ Conway, Lynn. "Drafts of the Mead-Conway textbook, Introduction to VLSI Systems". University of Michigan. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, Lynn Conway, Xerox PARC Technical Report VLSI-81-2, January 19, 1981.
^ THE MPC Adventures: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies, by Lynn Conway, Microprocessing and Microprogramming – The Euromicro Journal, Vol. 10, No. 4, November 1982, pp 209-228.
^ "MPWs: Catalyst of IC Production Innovation". The MOSIS Service. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ a b House, Chuck (2012). "A Paradigm Shift Was Happening All Around Us" (PDF). IEEE Solid State Circuits Magazine. 4 (4): 32–35. doi:10.1109/mssc.2012.2215759. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Allman, W.F. (October 21, 1991). "The man who crafts cathedrals of sand". U.S. News & World Report. 111 (17): 80. 
^ a b Casale-Rossi, Marco; et. al. (18 March 2013). "Panel: The heritage of Mead & Conway What has remained the same, what was missed, what has changed, what lies ahead" (PDF). Design, Automation & Test in Europe Conference & Exhibition (DATE): 171–175. doi:10.7873/date.2013.049. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Johannsen, D. L., "Bristle Blocks: A Silicon Compiler," Proceedings 16th Design Automation Conference, 310–313, June 1979.
^ a b Lammers, David (April 30, 2015). "Moore’s Law Milestones". IEEE Spectrum. 
^ Cheng, Edmund; Fairbairn, Douglas (March 10, 2014). "Oral History of Edmund Cheng" (PDF). Computer History Museum. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Brown, Clair; Linden, Greg (2011). Chips and change : how crisis reshapes the semiconductor industry (1st ed.). Cambridge, Mass.: MIT Press. ISBN 9780262516822. 
^ a b Gilder, George (2005). The Silicon Eye: How a Silicon Valley Company Aims to Make All Current Computers, Cameras, and Cell Phones Obsolete (1st ed.). New York: W.W. Norton & Co. ISBN 978-0393057638. 
^ Indiveri, Giacomo; Horiuchi, Timothy K. (2011). "Frontiers in Neuromorphic Engineering". Frontiers in Neuroscience. 5. PMC 3189639 . PMID 22013408. doi:10.3389/fnins.2011.00118. 
^ Mead, Carver (1989). Analog VLSI and neural systems. Reading, Mass.: Addison-Wesley. ISBN 978-0201059922. 
^ a b Markoff, John (December 28, 2013). "Brainlike Computers, Learning From Experience". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Reiss, Spencer (2004). "Carver Mead's Natural Inspiration" (PDF). Technology Review. Retrieved 2010-07-23. 
^ Markoff, John (October 24, 1994). "Pad to Replace Computer Mouse Is Set for Debut". The New York Times. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Diehl, Stanford; Lennon, Anthony J.; McDonough, John (Oct 1995). "Touchpads to Navigate By". Byte. Green Publishing (October 1995): 150. ISSN 0360-5280. 
^ Lyon, R. F.; Mead, C. (1988). "An analog electronic cochlea". IEEE Trans. on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing. 36: 1119–1134. doi:10.1109/29.1639. 
^ Richard F. Lyon, "A Computational Model of Filtering, Detection, and Compression in the Cochlea", Proceedings IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing, Paris, May 1982.
^ Lyon, Richard F. (1991). "Analog implementations of auditory models". Proc. DARPA Workshop on Speech and Natural Language. 
^ Wen, Bo; Boahen, Kwabena (December 2009). "A Silicon Cochlea With Active Coupling". IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and Systems. 3 (6): 444–455. doi:10.1109/TBCAS.2009.2027127. 
^ "Sonic Innovations Inc. History". Funding Universe. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Mahowald, Misha A.; Mead, Carver (May 1991). "The Silicon Retina". Scientific American. 264 (5): 76–82. PMID 2052936. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0591-76. 
^ "Milton and Francis Clauser Doctoral Prize". Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "An incurable itch". Technology Quarterly (Q3). September 20, 2001. Retrieved 8 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver A. (2011). "Adaptive Retina". In Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M. Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. 
^ "Foveon X3 technology overview". Digital Photography Review. February 11, 2002. 
^ Peters, Mark (6 November 2005). "Royal Photographic Society Award for Foveon sensor". 
^ Diorio, C.; Hasler, P.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1995). "A single-transistor silicon synapse". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 43 (11): 1972–1980. doi:10.1109/16.543035. 
^ Hasler, P.; Diorio, C.; Minch, A.; Mead, C.A. (1999). "Single transistor learning synapse with long term storage". Proceedings of the 1995 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 3: 1660–1663. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1995.523729. 
^ Diorio, Chris; Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Mead, Carver (1998). "Floating-Gate MOS Synapse Transistors". In Lande, Tor Sverre. Neuromorphic systems engineering : neural networks in silicon. Boston, Massachusetts: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8158-7. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Mead, Carver M.; Ismail, M., eds. (2011). Analog VLSI Implementation of Neural Systems. (PDF). Springer Verlag. ISBN 978-1-4612-8905-0. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Hasler, Paul; Minch, Bradley A.; Diorio, Chris (1999). "Floating-gate devices: they are not just for digital memories any more" (PDF). ISCAS '99. Proceedings of the 1999 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems. 2: 388–391. doi:10.1109/ISCAS.1999.780740. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ Cauwenberghs, Gert; Bayoumi, Magdy A. (1999). Learning on silicon : adaptive VLSI neural systems. Boston: Kluwer Academic. ISBN 978-0-7923-8555-4. Retrieved 10 June 2015. 
^ "Veterans Affairs to Install RFID in Hospitals across America". Impinj. 14 June 2013. 
^ Mead, Carver (2002). Collective Electrodynamics: Quantum Foundations of Electromagnetism. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-63260-8. 
^ http://arxiv.org/abs/1503.04866
^ Isi, M.; Weinstein, A. J.; Mead, C.; Pitkin, M. (20 April 2015). "Detecting beyond-Einstein polarizations of continuous gravitational waves.". Physical Review D. 91 (8). doi:10.1103/PhysRevD.91.082002. 
^ "Impinj Adds New Piece Of The RFID Puzzle" (PDF). Scan: The Data Capture Report. February 28, 2014. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Viewlogic Acquires Silerity". Business Wire. 1995. 
^ "BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award". Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ "Progress Medal". RPS. Retrieved 6 March 2017. 
^ "President Bush Announces the Laureates of the 2002 National Medals of Science and Technology". The White House. October 22, 2003. 
^ Towey, Laine (March 8, 2002). "Microelectronics Pioneer Carver Mead Wins $47,000 Dickson Prize". Carnegie Mellon News. Carnegie Mellon University. Retrieved 4 June 2015. 
^ Newton, A. Richard (November 12, 1996). "Presentation of the 1996 Phil Kaufman Award to Professor Carver A. Mead". Berkeley Engineering. 
^ "Franklin Institute Honors Eight Physicists". Physics Today. 38 (7): 84. 1985. doi:10.1063/1.2814644. 
^ "The Harold Pender Award". School of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved February 5, 2011. 





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 32253855
LCCN: n79003041
ISNI: 0000 0001 1756 9138
GND: 143053000
SUDOC: 058604561
BNF: cb14636327p (data)
MGP: 123055
NDL: 00449614










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carver_Mead&oldid=786927216"					
Categories: 1934 birthsMembers of the United States National Academy of SciencesLiving peopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican electronics engineersAmerican computer businesspeopleElectronic design automation peopleLemelson–MIT PrizeNational Medal of Technology recipientsCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniCalifornia Institute of Technology facultyMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2001All articles containing potentially dated statementsUse dmy dates from August 2010Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةDeutschEspañolFrançaisLatinaMalagasy日本語PolskiPortuguês中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 12:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Mead David Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Mead David Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Mead's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Mead David's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Mead David's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Mead David 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Mead’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailMead’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Mead’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Mead is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Mead’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Mead is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Mead's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Mead's background in the comforts of home.
Mead will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Mead's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Mead David, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Mead's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 








































Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.































Body Burn Brooklyn | Adventure Chaser






























 






























Select Page


  
 



 



 








Join Us Today And Start Dreaming!
 
 
 
 





The key fundamental for each kind of preoccupation is in like way a regular warm-up stage concerning lifting weights. This is the best way to deal with ruin wounds that can happen amidst an action. There are, grievously, still contenders who…
 
 

In lifting weights the accomplishment of the planning depends essentially on the eating regimen. The subject is in this manner incredibly fascinating, in addition particularly confused when one is worried with something.
 
 
 


 Particularly understudies in working out, who need to manage the point of sustenance in this exceptional situation, by and large need to know quickly and quickly what they need to pay novel identity to.
 
 
 
 



 
 
 





 

Couple of individuals comprehend that Arnold has a business degree, regardless he didn’t require his affirmation to appreciate that solid setbacks applies to works out, as well.
 
 

Inside an essential structure, I was consistently alluding to change my activities,” Arnold made. “I got a kick out of the chance to amaze the muscles by not enabling them to get impulsive in a steadfast normal.
 
 



 
 
 




10-minute stretching routine
  1. The quadriceps resting stretch Rests on your left favor your knees bowed. Put your left hand beneath your head and hold your correct leg on the lower leg with your correct hand. Begin pulling the correct leg to the back until you feel the extend. Hold that position...

 

The thigh/back musculature creating
  Need to know the least expensive and likely the best way? SQUAT! I have met individuals that never picked up muscle until they got on a straightforward program that spun around substantial hunching down. I have had tranquilize free individuals pick up 20 lbs in three...

 

A legitimately executed dumbbell horizontal raise
  Dumbbell Lateral Raise In the event that you are searching for an activity to shape your shoulders and add width to them, a legitimately executed dumbbell horizontal raise can truly be your partner. This is on the grounds that dumbbell side parallel raises focus on...

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






















