
  PEF8895 Quote - Medley Opportunity Fund II LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Medley Opportunity Fund II LP   PEF8895:US      Inactive   PEF8895:US is inactive   USD             Fund Type   Private Equity Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Private Equity Fund    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   Private Equity    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (-) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Medley Opportunity Fund II LP is a 2011 private equity fund currently investing. The Fund makes loans in various sectors. The Fund makes investments within the United States.    Address  -   Phone  -   Website   -              

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Medley Opportunity Fund II LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Medley Opportunity Fund II LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Medley Opportunity Fund II is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2014-05-02. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Medley Opportunity Fund II LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




medley opportunity fund ii lp


375 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 3304

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10152


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (212) 759-0777
SEC SIC CODE:6282-INVESTMENT ADVICE







Recent SEC Filings




40-APP filed on 05/24/2017
40-APP/A filed on 03/20/2017
40-APP/A filed on 12/23/2016
40-APP filed on 07/26/2016
3 filed on 07/20/2015
D/A filed on 05/02/2014
40-APP/A filed on 09/26/2013
D/A filed on 04/10/2013
D filed on 08/16/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2014-05-02
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
581,022,700
581,022,700
0


2013-04-10
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
1,000,000,000
452,480,000
547,520,000


2011-08-16
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
308,050,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ANDREW   FENTRESS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



BROOK   TAUBE

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



FENTRESS   ANDREW

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



SETH   TAUBE

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























 







Medley Opportunity Fund II LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Andrew  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Medley Opportunity Fund II LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Mof Ii Gp Llc 375 Park Avenue, 33 Rd Floor 
    New York, NY, 10152Phone: (212) 759-0777 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2014-05-02


Amended


$581,022,700


$128,542,700


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2013-04-10


Amended


$452,480,000


$144,430,000


Other


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2011-08-16


New


$308,050,000


$308,050,000


Other


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Fentress Andrew 
 Executive 


 Andrew Fentress 
 Executive 


 Seth Taube 
 Executive 


 Brook Taube 
 Executive 































 



 Crestline-Kirchner Assumes Management of Medley Opportunity Fund I 
         










    










 






 











 









Crestline-Kirchner Assumes Management of Medley Opportunity Fund I

Jan 28, 2015, 10:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Crestline-Kirchner, L.P. 











 
















































 

 




















 


FORT WORTH, Texas, Jan. 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestline-Kirchner, L.P., today announced it has replaced Medley Capital LLC as the investment manager of Medley Opportunity Fund Ltd. and Medley Opportunity Fund LP (together, the "MOF I Funds").  In conjunction with the transition, the MOF I Funds have been renamed CK Pearl Fund Ltd. and CK Pearl Fund LP, respectively.  Following consultation with fund investors, the offshore fund's board of directors and Medley, the foregoing selected Crestline-Kirchner as the replacement investment manager for the MOF I Funds.
Crestline-Kirchner is a specialty investment firm that employs a proprietary "Successor GP" model to deliver human and financial resources to alternative investment funds that are typically at the end of their life or undergoing a structural transformation.  Crestline-Kirchner is a partnership launched in 2013 combining the robust Crestline Investors investment platform with the hands-on operational approach to building and realizing value in private assets developed within the Kirchner Group. Crestline-Kirchner, including engagements by the Kirchner Group prior to the partnership with Crestline Investors, has participated in 7 transactions representing more than 100 investors and 107 portfolio companies. 
"Our goal is to try and maximize portfolio value by delivering investment and operating expertise tailored to the assets, investing new capital where required and re-aligning the key stakeholders. Historically we have focused exclusively on VC and PE funds, but we have realized there are a number of similar assets trapped in hedge fund structures so we have expanded our scope," said Bud Kirchner, President of Crestline-Kirchner.
"It has been a pleasure working with the Crestline-Kirchner team throughout their portfolio assessment, triage strategy and implementation. The residual assets in the funds and corresponding opportunities to monetize the holdings effectively for investors are tailor made for a group like this. Their ability to navigate a complex transaction and also handle a wide range of asset classes and disparate holdings allowed us to engage a single group with confidence," said Michael Pearson, board director from Fund Fiduciary Partners, who specializes in complex situations and approved the selection of Crestline-Kirchner. 
"We recently purchased the position in this fund on the secondary market in anticipation of bringing the Crestline-Kirchner team to take over and oversee the portfolio. The new manager's skill set is very well matched for the remaining assets. Their approach, historical success, transparency and actions are consistent with what we would expect from a group that specializes in creating and harvesting value in the post-investment period," said Claudio Phillips, Managing Principal, MB Global Partners.
About Crestline-Kirchner Private Equity Group
Crestline-Kirchner Private Equity Group was formed in 2013 as a joint venture between Crestline Investors, Inc. and Bud Kirchner, founder of the Kirchner Group, who brings a long track record of executing this "Successor GP" strategy and is often credited as its pioneer. Crestline-Kirchner acquires and manages portfolios of private assets made available through restructurings, orphaned portfolios, manager transitions, end of fund life scenarios and related special situations. The joint venture allows Crestline-Kirchner to deliver experience-driven entrepreneurial solutions within the operational framework of an institutionally scaled and regulated platform. In addition to the investment professionals within the joint venture, Crestline-Kirchner leverages the complimentary resources of both firms. For more information, please contact David Philipp at dphilipp@crestline-kirchner.com.
About Crestline Investors
Crestline Investors is an institutional alternative investment management firm based in Fort Worth, Texas. Founded in 1997, Crestline manages $9.6 billion in client assets across separately managed accounts and commingled funds, for institutional investors. Investment solutions for clients include: (1) opportunistic and credit strategies, (2) hedge fund and beta solutions, (3) end of life hedge fund and private equity restructuring and (4) fiduciary co-investment programs. Crestline has 122 employees with 67 investment professionals across its offices in Fort Worth, New York, Toronto, Oak Brook and Tokyo. For more information about Crestline, please contact David Philipp or visit www.crestlineinvestors.com.
About Kirchner Group
The Kirchner Group believes that every business, and every portfolio of businesses, can be made more valuable and that none should become valueless, regardless of the circumstances. Kirchner Group's proprietary platform is built on the premise that pairing deep domain expertise with process experts provides superior results. Kirchner Group has provided traditional merchant banking services since 1985 and offers advisory, operational and transactional support to companies as well as asset management services for institutional investors. The group's clients and partners range from promising entrepreneurs to Fortune 500 companies and their investors. Kirchner Group also manages assets for some of the largest insurance companies, commercial banks and institutional investors in the world. For more information about Kirchner Group please visit www.kirchnergroup.com.
Media Contacts David Philipp  Crestline-Kirchner  dphilipp@crestline-kirchner.com 
 SOURCE  Crestline-Kirchner, L.P.  

RELATED LINKS
https://www.crestlineinvestors.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














medley opportunity fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Searches related tomedley opportunity fund



opportunity fund reviews



educational opportunity fund




Web Results

PEF8895 Quote - Medley Opportunity Fund II LP - Bloomberg ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/PEF8895:US


Performance charts for Medley Opportunity Fund II LP (PEF8895) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and trend lines.


Medley Opportunity Fund, LP: Private Company Information ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Medley Opportunity Fund, LP company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Investor In $1.4 Billion Hedge Fund Firm Run By Twin ...

https://www.forbes.com/sites/nathanvardi/2012/03/19/investor-in-1...


Medley Capital's transfer of hedge fund assets to a ... Fund Firm Run By Twin Brothers Sues To Get Money ... Medley Opportunity Fund was ...


Crestline-Kirchner Assumes Management of Medley ...

www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/crestline-kirchner-assumes...


Crestline-Kirchner Assumes Management of Medley Opportunity Fund I


MEDLEY OPPORTUNITY FUND III LP Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/medley-opportunity-fund-iii-lp


Detailed Profile of MEDLEY OPPORTUNITY FUND III LP portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Medley Opportunity Fund, Ltd. v. Fintan Master Fund, Ltd ...

https://www.offshorealert.com/GetDocument.aspx?id=44856


Judgment in Medley Opportunity Fund, Ltd. v. Fintan Master Fund, Ltd. and Nautical Nominees Limited at the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands.


Crestline-Kirchner Assumes Management Of Medley ...

https://www.thestreet.com/story/13025900/1/crestline-kirchner...


Crestline-Kirchner Assumes Management Of ... of Medley Opportunity Fund Ltd. and Medley ... kirchner-assumes-management-of-medley-opportunity-fund-i ...


Medley Opportunity Fund II LP - FormDs.com

www.formds.com/issuers/medley-opportunity-fund-ii-lp


Medley Opportunity Fund II LP. Industry: Pooled Investment Fund (See others in industry) Address: C/O Mof Ii Gp Llc 375 Park Avenue, 33 Rd Floor New York, NY, 10152 ...


Medley Opportunity Fund Ltd. - Medley Capital Corp Insider ...

https://www.tipranks.com/insiders/medley-opportunity-fund-ltd.


Medley Opportunity Fund Ltd., Ten Percent Owner at Medley Capital Corp (MCC), has a 0.0% success rate when buying and selling stocks.


Medley Opportunity Fund Ii LP in New York, NY | Company ...

https://www.bizapedia.com/ny/medley-opportunity-fund-ii-lp.html


Discover Company Info on Medley Opportunity Fund Ii LP in New York, NY, such as Contacts, Addresses, Reviews, and Registered Agent.



Searches related tomedley opportunity fund



opportunity fund reviews



educational opportunity fund




12345Next






Answers







Funding opportunity announcement



A funding opportunity announcement (FOA) is a notice in Grants.gov of a federal grant funding opportunity. Funding opportunity announcements can be

more






The Building Fund



access to education, The Building Fund seeks to create and sustain opportunities at the schools it serves by funding the completion of buildings and...

more






Opportunity finance



institutions. Some awards for opportunity finance are available to CDFIs only. While there are numerous organizations certified as CDFIs by the CDFI...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








