




Medpod - The value of augmented medicine




























































































PRODUCTSMobileDocMedical CartMobile Medical CenterNETWORKMedpod CommunicatorMedpod ConnectMedpod Efficiency NetworkSOFTWAREMedpod Check-InMedpod TranslatorABOUTMedpod MissionMedpod VisionPartnersNEWS & EVENTSCONTACT









 








Developing next-generation general care, on-demand care and distance care technologies. Learn more about empowering your practice with the value of augmented medicine. 






 





 

Making great care 
more mobile than ever. 

LEARN MORE  







 

Completely transforming 
the delivery of care. 

LEARN MORE  







 

Telemedicine...Evolved. 

LEARN MORE  







 

Optimizing clinical and 
administrative workflows. 

LEARN MORE  




 

 


 



 




			Home		


medpodinc_g5xv1t 


			2017-07-10T19:32:27+00:00		

So many patients, so much to do…and so little time and resources.Today’s healthcare providers are stretched to the limit, even as demand for more personalized engagement, examination and assessment continues to rise. Traditional models must evolve to meet this demand. The answer is bold innovation for enabling the delivery of quality care.
In response, Medpod is developing next-generation general care, on-demand care and distance care. By leveraging technologies that empower healthcare providers to extend their reach, Medpod optimizes available resources and deliver the value of augmented medicine.
What makes Medpod so unique?No other solution delivers a 360° approach to extending and expanding practitioner reach, facilitating patient access to personalized clinical care, and creating workflow efficiencies that improve the business of healthcare. By integrating all of these advantages — and so many more — into one comprehensive, single-source telemedicine solution, Medpod…
Simplifies use across multiple best-of-breed, professional-grade diagnostic devices
Enhances both clinician and patient experiences
No expensive hardware or licensing fees
Provides a single-user interface across the spectrum of integrated solutions
Optimizes clinical and administrative workflow efficiencies via data integration, saved travel time, etc.
Offers highly reliable and scalable Telco-grade cloud platform performance and network security and redundancy
Enables physicians to maintain control of diagnostic devices remotely
Establishes a single point of contact to streamline service and support
Simplifies use across multiple best-of-breed, professional-grade diagnostic devicesEnhances both clinician and patient experiencesNo expensive hardware or licensing feesProvides a single-user interface across the spectrum of integrated solutionsOptimizes clinical and administrative workflow efficiencies via data integration, saved travel time, etc.Offers highly reliable and scalable Telco-grade cloud platform performance and network security and redundancyEnables physicians to maintain control of diagnostic devices remotelyEstablishes a single point of contact to streamline service and supportTo be the best, you must partner with the best. Medpod is known by the companies we keep.              



 
 

 
 
 
 























Products - Medpod - Optimizing Medical Access Points (MAPs) For Facilitating the Delivery of Transformative Care











































































PRODUCTSMobileDocMedical CartMobile Medical CenterNETWORKMedpod CommunicatorMedpod ConnectMedpod Efficiency NetworkSOFTWAREMedpod Check-InMedpod TranslatorABOUTMedpod MissionMedpod VisionPartnersNEWS & EVENTSCONTACT









 














			Products		


medpodinc_g5xv1t 


			2017-04-24T15:50:43+00:00		





 





 

PRODUCTS 


 


Optimizing Medical Access Points (MAPs)
For Facilitating the Delivery of Transformative CareMore than software, more than hardware, Medpod is a technology platform. The heart that gives this platform life is a unique and proprietary operating system like no other. This one-of-a-kind platform is the engine behind a suite of groundbreaking products that empower healthcare practitioners and provider organizations to wholly transform how they deliver care — more effectively load balancing patients and personnel, mobilizing medical assets and resources, leveraging emerging technologies, and more — all of which Medpod seamlessly integrates to improve treatment outcomes.
By coupling this pioneering platform with a spectrum of flexible, versatile and seamless medical access points (MAPs) powered by best-in-class medical and laboratory devices, Medpod enables the deployment of a whole new breed of healthcare solutions and delivery environments, including:
Mobile Medical CartQuality Healthcare Anywhere — Delivered On DemandMobile Medical CenterAdvanced Medicine on the Move
MobileDocBreaking the Boundaries of Traditional CareMedpod unites advanced technology, physical infrastructure and consultative insight to enable practitioners and providers to deliver efficient, optimized and transformative care to any patient, locale or geography that lacks it. This is the Medpod advantage.




 
 

 
 
 
 


















Medpod Reinvents the Doctor’s House CallHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 1 hr 47 minsS&P 5002,479.80+2.67 (+0.11%)Dow 3021,714.33+100.90 (+0.47%)Nasdaq6,424.70+12.52 (+0.20%)Today's ChartsWhy Facebook earnings could show a big surprise to the upsideMedpod Reinvents the Doctor’s House CallBusiness WireApril 24, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareORLANDO, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medpod, Inc. today announced MobileDoc™, a compact medical office in a bag that stands to dramatically advance telemedicine, reduce healthcare costs and provide greater access to care for Americans. While telemedicine connections using video or Skype have been conducted before, this is the first time a remote connection between patient and physician has enabled the physician to receive and analyze diagnostic information from an array of professional medical devices in real-time.Equipped with best-in-class professional grade medical devices secured inside a sturdy carry-on sized suitcase that fits in a car trunk, a nurse or medical assistant can easily visit a patient in the comfort of their home. From the patient’s home, the clinician can conduct more than 70 diagnostic tests and procedures ranging from cardiovascular, to ophthalmology, to respiratory while a physician directs from his/her office and engages the patient via a live face-to-face connection. The physician controls the medical devices and receives diagnostic information – heart rate, blood pressure, live scope examination, and more – in real-time, allowing the physician to immediately diagnose and prescribe treatment.The results are provided to a physician who may be hundreds of miles away using proprietary data, video and voice telecommunications technology – connecting patient and doctor in a continuum of care that greatly expands access to healthcare.Medpod Inc.’s primary strategic partner in developing this unique system and exclusive distributor is Henry Schein, Inc., the world largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners. The announcement was made today at The American Telemedicine Association’s ATA2017 Conference in Orlando, FL.Boon for Patients, Major Weapon in Reducing Healthcare CostsMedpod is not only a great convenience for patients, but could also be a game-changer in the battle to contain mushrooming healthcare costs.The Medpod platform creates efficiencies that balance workforce and workflow and can drive more capacity to physicians, allowing them to extend beyond their physical location to reach patients not able to get care easily and cost-effectively.Jack Tawil, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Medpod, Inc., said: “While telemedicine has been present for a number of years, Medpod is ushering in a new era in medical care delivery. It is enabling the physician and patient to connect like never before and conduct a personal examination, diagnose and treat, saving time and money both for patient and doctor.”Mr. Tawil added: “In the debate over replacing the Affordable Care Act, the efficient use of physician resources and the disruption of inefficiencies in the delivery of care is critical to the reduction of healthcare costs. By using technology to help eliminate the limitations of the traditional healthcare system the Medpod MobileDoc is breaking down both literal and figurative walls and enabling a new more flexible, efficient, highly personalized experience within the healthcare system.“The Medpod MobileDoc is finally delivering on the promise of telemedicine,” says Dr. James Powell, an internist and chief medical officer of Long Island Select Healthcare. Dr. Powell’s practice is involved with a pilot program funded by New York State that is testing the efficacy of the Medpod MobileDoc system for primary and specialty diagnostics and care.“MobileDoc has the potential to ease the burden on emergency rooms which have become overcrowded due to patients with non-emergency complaints using the ER as a doctor’s office,” says Jack Tawil.A study by the New England Healthcare Institute suggests that as many as 25 percent of emergency room visits are for non-emergency reasons – such as doctor’s offices being closed or for relatively mild complaints. It follows that the direct doctor-patient connection Medpod provides could significantly reduce unnecessary emergency room visits.“Many patients today are denied timely medical care or seek expensive modes of care because it is difficult to get to a physician’s office during normal office hours. Medpod solves this problem by providing what amounts to a doctor’s office visit remotely, anytime anywhere,” states Dr. Powell.Read MoreABOUT MEDPOD: Medpod, Inc. has created a proprietary healthcare platform that combines cutting edge infrastructure and software with professional medical and laboratory devices to extend the physician’s reach, transform traditional care environments and create new beneficial settings of patient care. Medpod works in close collaboration with best-in-class medical device manufacturers, distributors, physicians and health systems, to engineer and innovate new physical structures and delivery care options. Medpod’s mission is to enable healthcare providers to extend reach, redistribute resources, build volume and transform their business by advancing the science of virtual care, reducing costs and improving outcomes and enabling the new value based healthcare paradigm. Medpod… more than telemedicine, augmented medicine.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170424006429/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump said Apple's Tim Cook 'promised' him he'd build three US factories: 'Big, big, big'CNBCDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderA Senate vote to repeal Obamacare could rattle marketsYahoo FinanceTODAY'S CHARTS: Why Facebook earnings could show a big surprise to the upsideYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance Video'I'm going to issue a warning': Howard Marks' outlines the dangers of today's marketYahoo FinancePhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredFix My Finances: I borrowed from my 401(k)Yahoo FinanceHow to buy happiness even if you're not richYahoo FinanceTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoStart Earning Miles With The Best Travel CardWise BreadSponsoredFED HOLDS RATES, HINTS AT SEPTEMBER UNWINDYahoo FinanceTrump is set to make a big jobs announcement, and all signs points to a Foxconn plant in WisconsinBusiness InsiderLebanese prime minister stays silent as Donald Trump mistakenly says he is fighting HezbollahY: Trump is a freaking idiot and embarrassment.Join the Conversation1 / 5372





























 



 AT&T To Connect DayaMed medPOD To Help Patients Stay On Track At Home 
         










    










 






 











 









AT&T To Connect DayaMed medPOD To Help Patients Stay On Track At Home

		  The MedPOD® Medication Dispenser Helps Patients, Caregivers and Pharmacists Manage Drug Therapy Regimens
		

Feb 29, 2016, 10:56 ET
		  		  																						
						 from   AT&T Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







AT&T Inc. (PRNewsFoto/AT&T Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




AT&T Inc. (PRNewsFoto/AT&T Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


LAS VEGAS, Feb. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- AT&T* will provide wireless connectivity to the medPOD from DayaMed, a leader in medication adherence and patient-centered data solutions. Helping patients manage their drug therapy regimens, the portable and cellular connected medication dispenser also acts as a communication hub, allowing patients to contact their caregiver or pharmacists directly from the device. 
Ready to use right out of the box, the medPOD arrives to the patient preloaded with their medication and dosage in cartridges straight from the pharmacy. Patients using wireless biometric devices can transmit their information to the medPOD to give caregivers and loved ones a better view of how they are feeling or reacting to the medication.
With audio and video calling capabilities, patients can receive specific instructions or communicate directly with family members, their caregivers or pharmacist, whomever the patient approves of within their caregiver team. This team of people can also be notified when the patient fails to take their correct dosage or if their biometric reading requires attention and communicate back to the patient's medPOD.
DayaMed designed the medPOD to provide Real-Time Medication Adherance (RMA) for population health programs. This information contains the location, time and the specific medication taken by the patient.
"Bringing connectivity to devices like this helps take healthcare out of the doctor's office and into the home, making health information actionable and easier to understand," said Chris Penrose, senior vice president, Internet of Things, AT&T. "Helping to ensure that you or a loved one have the right medication at the right time or to know that help or answers are just a click away gives peace of mind and the ability to live independently for longer."
"The medPOD redefines the way medication is taken and managed, as well as communications between the patients and their care team," said Justin Daya, CEO, DayaMed. "Raising clinical and therapeutic outcomes while lowering cost of care, it empowers population health programs for hospitals, payors, employers and governments while enhancing the overall patient and caregiver experience." 
To learn more about IoT's potential to transform business, visit www.att.com/iot and download the AT&T IoT Insights Report here. 
*AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc.
Follow the latest IoT happenings with #IoT and #wearables.
Stay up to date on the latest news at HIMMS by following #HIMMS16.
About AT&TAT&T Inc. (NYSE:  T) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, mobile, high speed Internet and voice services. We're the world's largest provider of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. We offer the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider*. And we help businesses worldwide serve their customers better with our mobility and highly secure cloud solutions.
Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at http://about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/att and YouTube at http://www.youtube.com/att.
© 2016 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.
*Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; voice roaming; and world-capable smartphone and tablets in more countries than any other U.S. based carrier. International service required.  Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries.
About DayaMedDaya Medicals, Inc., (www.dayamed.com) headquartered in Waterloo, Canada, is a leading company in mobile medical devices and patient-centric data analytics. DayaMed provides patient centered medical consumer devices and services that elevate patient adherence to prescribed therapeutic regimes, and provide for patient centered mobile communication with their medical ecosystem.  DayaMed products and services raise patient health endpoints while lowering patient and overall healthcare costs.  DayaMed provides real-time patient specific data that is used to customize patient incentives, value-based insurance designs, customize pharma disease management programs, and reduce hospital re-admissions while raising quality / performance metrics and elevating star ratings.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140408/CG99935LOGO 
 
 SOURCE  AT&T Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.dayamed.com
http://www.att.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Mar 01, 2016, 09:30 ET
Preview: BD Utilizes AT&T Connectivity To Offer Connected Wireless Health Devices




















Feb 29, 2016, 10:52 ET
Preview: AT&T To Connect OneMedia's First Connected Medical And Health Smartwatch








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 24, 2017, 10:44 ET
New Jersey to Transform Communications for Public Safety;...














Jul 24, 2017, 10:44 ET
Connect to Entertainment Like Never Before With the First DIRECTV...














Jul 24, 2017, 10:44 ET
AT&T to Build Global Network for Omnicom Group











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 
MedPod, Inc.












You must be using a frame capable browser to view this template.







QuikMedik™/MedPod™ | Fundable - Crowdfunding for Small Businesses













the startups.co platform about startups.coAnnouncing Bizplan: A Modern Take on Business PlanningEducationPlanningMentorsFundingCustomersAssistants 



Raise CapitalBrowseLearnAboutSign InGet Started 









QuikMedik™/MedPod™A Centralized Medical Office Website with Integrated Kiosk 


3
*
S
0








 













Tweet









(
Private Fundraise
This company may be interested in raising funds from accredited investors. You must Request Access to
                    see more information about this company. 
Request Access 9






N  PROFILE


(
                                
                                  BUSINESS PLAN


f 
                            UPDATES 
















Quik Pitch

Who hasn't gotten sick?
The medical field has gone from being in line at the hospital to going online with the doctor.  Seeing the doctor face to face at the comfort of your own home with 24/7 access has become reality with QuikMedik™.  Meet with a specialty physician or nurse "right now".  Think of us as the "Amazon of Telemedicine". 
QuikMedik™ is a full-service international online (HIPPA compliant) health care site and integrated stand alone (LEED compliant) healthcare kiosk service dedicated to consistently providing high customer satisfaction by rendering excellent medical consultation, quality health care, and furnishing a fun, clean, enjoyable atmosphere at an affordable price. QuikMedik™ offers a unique alternative to traditional health care making it an "early adopter" concept for the future of medical consultation and maintenance.   











Product/Service Details

For the convenience of our customers, QuikMedik™ will offer not only health care, but informative medical advice through a plethora of communication platforms, 24-hour service, and special requests; all at one centralized website and multiple stand alone kiosk locations.
 











How We're Different

QuikMedik™ will broker doctors and nurses with new patients that are looking for 24/7 medical advice. Upon request; The QuikMedik™ site will be able to access a specialized physician in a specified location. The site will be able to set up appointments with doctors/nurses and patients with easy accessibility. The at-home services will be purchased from patients within a 5-mile radius of the doctors' or nurses' location to have minimal impact on the environment and to maintain quick healthcare service. Staff will offer suggestions of substitutions or help customers fulfill their needs through special orders to make sure all customers leave satisfied. Plus, doctors can now access their patients health records on the HIPPA compliant QuikMedik™cloud storage database.
Additionally, QuikMedik™ will soon be introducing 21st Century QuikMedik™ MedPod™ stand alone kiosks, to be set up in drug stores, theme parks, malls, retirement centers and corporations. These kiosks are a virtual doctor’s office fully integrated to the online site, offering such key diagnostic services as blood pressure measurement, weight measurement, body fat measurement, hydration level measurement, blood sugar measurement and blood oxygen measurement. The units are completely Internet-ready, multilingual, and HIPPA compliant, offering easy integration into any network for real-time collection of data. An interactive video Smartphone built into the kiosk facilitates face-to-face interactions with a licensed nurse or physician as needed.

 











QuikMedik™ Breakdown

 











The Truth

 











Case Study


 















QuikMedik™ Team












Jim Simington
                     - Co-CEO/Co-Founder                
Invent with Intent 





Born in Norfolk, Virginia Naval Hospital in 1959, Jim grew up primarily throughout the southern states until landing in Las Vegas, Nevada in 1974 where he finished high school and went on to University of Nevada Las Vegas. 
In 1981, he moved to Los Angeles, California and finished his education in Architecture at the USC and began Simington Advertising soon after graduation in 1984. 
A successful entrepreneur and business leader, Jim employed over 45 employees at his facility in Downey, California until downsizing in 2001 to pursue writing and film production. An avid writer and creative artist, he went on to provide script writing services to the film industries many producers of independent films. 
Continuing his efforts in the advertising industry on a smaller scale has allowed Jim to dedicate a great portion of his time to creative writing and book publishing. 
In 2001, Blue Hemisphere Pictures was created to expand the possibilities of providing a strong and viable venue for his work. His entrepreneurial spirit and artistic abilities transcend into inventing on a “hobbyist” level and 3 patents to his list of achievements. 
In 2012, he expanded his technological side and opened Blue Hemisphere 3D™; with proprietary software design that creates incredible stereoscopic 3D conversion for film. His extensive knowledge in all fields of art, mechanics and electronics enable him to engage in any field effortlessly and understand complex systems with a hands on approach. 
A true mastery of the business approach to any idea – however complex has always been the trademark of his ability. Marketing and advertising have proven to be his biggest asset in expansion of those ideas. Jim currently resides in Seal Beach, California with his wife.   






D
{
}

































Born in Norfolk, Virginia Naval Hospital in 1959, Jim grew up primarily throughout the southern states until landing in Las Vegas, Nevada in 1974 where he finished high school and went on to University of Nevada Las Vegas. 
In 1981, he moved to Los Angeles, California and finished his education in Architecture at the USC and began Simington Advertising soon after graduation in 1984. 
A successful entrepreneur and business leader, Jim employed over 45 employees at his facility in Downey, California until downsizing in 2001 to pursue writing and film production. An avid writer and creative artist, he went on to provide script writing services to the film industries many producers of independent films. 
Continuing his efforts in the advertising industry on a smaller scale has allowed Jim to dedicate a great portion of his time to creative writing and book publishing. 
In 2001, Blue Hemisphere Pictures was created to expand the possibilities of providing a strong and viable venue for his work. His entrepreneurial spirit and artistic abilities transcend into inventing on a “hobbyist” level and 3 patents to his list of achievements. 
In 2012, he expanded his technological side and opened Blue Hemisphere 3D™; with proprietary software design that creates incredible stereoscopic 3D conversion for film. His extensive knowledge in all fields of art, mechanics and electronics enable him to engage in any field effortlessly and understand complex systems with a hands on approach. 
A true mastery of the business approach to any idea – however complex has always been the trademark of his ability. Marketing and advertising have proven to be his biggest asset in expansion of those ideas. Jim currently resides in Seal Beach, California with his wife.   












Jason Abustan
                     - Co-CEO/Co-Founder                
Anything and Everything is Possible, Nothing is Impossible 





Jason grew up in the medical field surrounded by surgeons, dentists, and nurses.  His family are all in the medical industry and share with him thoughts and profound information on what is needed to change the industry and what can be done to impact the way we live.  It was always instilled in him to take care of the mind, body , and soul.  This is why QuikMedik™ was created.





D
{
}

































Jason grew up in the medical field surrounded by surgeons, dentists, and nurses.  His family are all in the medical industry and share with him thoughts and profound information on what is needed to change the industry and what can be done to impact the way we live.  It was always instilled in him to take care of the mind, body , and soul.  This is why QuikMedik™ was created.











Dr. Larry Lerner
                     - Advisory Board                
Lern, Lern, and keep on Learning 





Dr. Larry Lerner’s academic pursuits include a Psy.D in Clinical Psychology as well as an MBA in Finance.  He has owned and operated Empire Business Solutions since 1998.  Empire Business Solutions is a concierge style M&A company and business consultants.  His rich business history spans a number of entrepreneurial ventures, including an entertainment business on the east coast, a home improvement company in the south and collaboration on the corporate strategy behind Liberty Fitness, which was heralded by Entrepreneur magazine as one of the fastest growing franchises in the United States in 2004. Dr. Lerner has also been involved as a consultant to several entertainment projects including a $12 million stage production at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. He is currently acting as a financial adviser to several start-up entertainment companies.





D
{
}

































Dr. Larry Lerner’s academic pursuits include a Psy.D in Clinical Psychology as well as an MBA in Finance.  He has owned and operated Empire Business Solutions since 1998.  Empire Business Solutions is a concierge style M&A company and business consultants.  His rich business history spans a number of entrepreneurial ventures, including an entertainment business on the east coast, a home improvement company in the south and collaboration on the corporate strategy behind Liberty Fitness, which was heralded by Entrepreneur magazine as one of the fastest growing franchises in the United States in 2004. Dr. Lerner has also been involved as a consultant to several entertainment projects including a $12 million stage production at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. He is currently acting as a financial adviser to several start-up entertainment companies.











Arnice Lamb
                     - Advisory Board                
Build Network to Build Net Worth 





Mrs. Arnice Lamb is a Manager of Supplier Diversity, supporting all Enterprise Construction, Professional Services categories, as well as segments Walt Disney Parks & Resorts, and has been with The Walt Disney Company since February of 1991. Prior to joining Disney, Mrs. Lamb held a number of managerial positions with organizations such as Shiley, Inc., a division of Pfizer Inc.; Medtronic Cardiopulmonary, a division of Medtronic, Inc.' and Bard Cardiopulmonary, a division of C.R. Bard, Inc.  For several years, Mrs. Lamb has been instrumental in the development, implementation and compliance of Minority and Women Business Enterprise programs.

Mrs. Lamb is a native of the state of Ohio. She attended Whiting College in Cleveland, where she received a Bachelors of Science degree in Business Administration. Later Mrs. Lamb completed extension courses in Purchasing & Material Management at Fullerton College in Fullerton, CA, and Contract Administration at University of California, Irvine.

An active participant in numerous organizations, Mrs. Lamb serves as Chairwomen for the corporate advisory committees of the American Indian Chamber of Commerce of California, Asian Business Association of Orange County, and Corporate Advisory to the Women Business Enterprise Council – West, National Association of Minority Contractors & Women Construction Owners & Executives, and the National Minority Supplier Development Council, among others.





D
{
}

































Mrs. Arnice Lamb is a Manager of Supplier Diversity, supporting all Enterprise Construction, Professional Services categories, as well as segments Walt Disney Parks & Resorts, and has been with The Walt Disney Company since February of 1991. Prior to joining Disney, Mrs. Lamb held a number of managerial positions with organizations such as Shiley, Inc., a division of Pfizer Inc.; Medtronic Cardiopulmonary, a division of Medtronic, Inc.' and Bard Cardiopulmonary, a division of C.R. Bard, Inc.  For several years, Mrs. Lamb has been instrumental in the development, implementation and compliance of Minority and Women Business Enterprise programs.

Mrs. Lamb is a native of the state of Ohio. She attended Whiting College in Cleveland, where she received a Bachelors of Science degree in Business Administration. Later Mrs. Lamb completed extension courses in Purchasing & Material Management at Fullerton College in Fullerton, CA, and Contract Administration at University of California, Irvine.

An active participant in numerous organizations, Mrs. Lamb serves as Chairwomen for the corporate advisory committees of the American Indian Chamber of Commerce of California, Asian Business Association of Orange County, and Corporate Advisory to the Women Business Enterprise Council – West, National Association of Minority Contractors & Women Construction Owners & Executives, and the National Minority Supplier Development Council, among others.











Attorney Richard N. Grey
                     - Advisory Board                
Guardian and Gatekeeper of the Law 





Founded in 1995, the Law Offices of Richard N. Grey has a reputation throughout Southern California for an unwavering commitment to defending employers’ rights. Owners of small- and medium-sized businesses throughout the region place their trust in us to help them avoid legal issues and to represent them through litigation.

Attorney Grey. Mr. Grey’s nearly 40 years of legal experience, including time spent as a deputy Los Angeles city attorney, make him a valuable asset to business owners in need of legal assistance. His preventive approach to business law helps clients save money and time by avoiding unnecessarily messy litigation.





D
{
}

































Founded in 1995, the Law Offices of Richard N. Grey has a reputation throughout Southern California for an unwavering commitment to defending employers’ rights. Owners of small- and medium-sized businesses throughout the region place their trust in us to help them avoid legal issues and to represent them through litigation.

Attorney Grey. Mr. Grey’s nearly 40 years of legal experience, including time spent as a deputy Los Angeles city attorney, make him a valuable asset to business owners in need of legal assistance. His preventive approach to business law helps clients save money and time by avoiding unnecessarily messy litigation.


















Quik Pitch






Product/Service Details






How We're Different






QuikMedik™ Breakdown






The Truth






Case Study






QuikMedik™ Team



 





The Business Plan area is locked. You must Request Access to
                this company to see more information including the Business Plan.

Request Access







N
No updates yet.




                        Load More
                    













%
No backers yet.





                        Load More
                    
















* CLOSE








* CLOSE
            



Quick Signup TBD
You must have an account to do this!










SUBMIT









Get StartedStart a FundraiseInvestor SignupAccount LoginBrowseTrendingRecently FundedNew & NoteworthyCommunitiesResourcesFAQGuidelinesContact UsLegalPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceFollow

the startups.co platformStartups EducationStartup PlanningAccess MentorsSecure FundingReach CustomersVirtual AssistantsCopyright © 2017 Startups.co. All rights reserved.



      Fundable is a software as a service crowdfunding platform. Fundable is not a registered broker-dealer and does not offer investment advice or advise on the raising of capital through securities offerings. Fundable does not recommend or otherwise suggest that any investor make an investment in a particular company, or that any company offer securities to a particular investor. Fundable takes no part in the negotiation or execution of transactions for the purchase or sale of securities, and at no time has possession of funds or securities. No securities transactions are executed or negotiated on or through the Fundable platform. Fundable receives no compensation in connection with the purchase or sale of securities.
    





















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Medpod Reinvents the Doctor’s House Call | Business Wire


























































Medpod Reinvents the Doctor’s House Call




Offers In-Home Remote Diagnostic Connection Between Patient 
      and Physician






April 24, 2017 03:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time



ORLANDO, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medpod, Inc. today announced MobileDoc™, a compact medical 
      office in a bag that stands to dramatically advance telemedicine, reduce 
      healthcare costs and provide greater access to care for Americans. While 
      telemedicine connections using video or Skype have been conducted 
      before, this is the first time a remote connection between patient and 
      physician has enabled the physician to receive and analyze diagnostic 
      information from an array of professional medical devices in real-time.
    


      Equipped with best-in-class professional grade medical devices secured 
      inside a sturdy carry-on sized suitcase that fits in a car trunk, a 
      nurse or medical assistant can easily visit a patient in the comfort of 
      their home. From the patient’s home, the clinician can conduct more than 
      70 diagnostic tests and procedures ranging from cardiovascular, to 
      ophthalmology, to respiratory while a physician directs from his/her 
      office and engages the patient via a live face-to-face connection. The 
      physician controls the medical devices and receives diagnostic 
      information – heart rate, blood pressure, live scope examination, and 
      more – in real-time, allowing the physician to immediately diagnose and 
      prescribe treatment.
    

      The results are provided to a physician who may be hundreds of miles 
      away using proprietary data, video and voice telecommunications 
      technology – connecting patient and doctor in a continuum of care that 
      greatly expands access to healthcare.
    

      Medpod Inc.’s primary strategic partner in developing this unique system 
      and exclusive distributor is Henry Schein, Inc., the world largest 
      provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, 
      animal health and medical practitioners. The announcement was made today 
      at The American Telemedicine Association’s ATA2017 Conference in 
      Orlando, FL.
    

Boon for Patients, Major Weapon in Reducing Healthcare Costs


      Medpod is not only a great convenience for patients, but could also be a 
      game-changer in the battle to contain mushrooming healthcare costs.
    

      The Medpod platform creates efficiencies that balance workforce and 
      workflow and can drive more capacity to physicians, allowing them to 
      extend beyond their physical location to reach patients not able to get 
      care easily and cost-effectively.


      Jack Tawil, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Medpod, Inc., said: 
      “While telemedicine has been present for a number of years, Medpod is 
      ushering in a new era in medical care delivery. It is enabling the 
      physician and patient to connect like never before and conduct a 
      personal examination, diagnose and treat, saving time and money both for 
      patient and doctor.”
    

      Mr. Tawil added: “In the debate over replacing the Affordable Care Act, 
      the efficient use of physician resources and the disruption of 
      inefficiencies in the delivery of care is critical to the reduction of 
      healthcare costs. By using technology to help eliminate the limitations 
      of the traditional healthcare system the Medpod MobileDoc is breaking 
      down both literal and figurative walls and enabling a new more flexible, 
      efficient, highly personalized experience within the healthcare system.
    

      “The Medpod MobileDoc is finally delivering on the promise of 
      telemedicine,” says Dr. James Powell, an internist and chief medical 
      officer of Long Island Select Healthcare. Dr. Powell’s practice is 
      involved with a pilot program funded by New York State that is testing 
      the efficacy of the Medpod MobileDoc system for primary and specialty 
      diagnostics and care.
    

      “MobileDoc has the potential to ease the burden on emergency rooms which 
      have become overcrowded due to patients with non-emergency complaints 
      using the ER as a doctor’s office,” says Jack Tawil.
    

      A study by the New England Healthcare Institute suggests that as many as 
      25 percent of emergency room visits are for non-emergency reasons – such 
      as doctor’s offices being closed or for relatively mild complaints. It 
      follows that the direct doctor-patient connection Medpod provides could 
      significantly reduce unnecessary emergency room visits.
    

      “Many patients today are denied timely medical care or seek expensive 
      modes of care because it is difficult to get to a physician’s office 
      during normal office hours. Medpod solves this problem by providing what 
      amounts to a doctor’s office visit remotely, anytime anywhere,” states 
      Dr. Powell.
    

ABOUT MEDPOD: Medpod, Inc. has created a proprietary healthcare 
      platform that combines cutting edge infrastructure and software with 
      professional medical and laboratory devices to extend the physician’s 
      reach, transform traditional care environments and create new beneficial 
      settings of patient care. Medpod works in close collaboration with 
      best-in-class medical device manufacturers, distributors, physicians and 
      health systems, to engineer and innovate new physical structures and 
      delivery care options. Medpod’s mission is to enable healthcare 
      providers to extend reach, redistribute resources, build volume and 
      transform their business by advancing the science of virtual care, 
      reducing costs and improving outcomes and enabling the new value based 
      healthcare paradigm. Medpod… more than telemedicine, augmented medicine.
    




Contacts

      The Dilenschneider GroupNed Raynolds, 212-922-0900cell: 
      973-454-4709nraynolds@dgi-nyc.com













Contacts

      The Dilenschneider GroupNed Raynolds, 212-922-0900cell: 
      973-454-4709nraynolds@dgi-nyc.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



















DayaMed - medPOD®


















 



 















Select Page


  
 



 



 










 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 

 





Meet the medPOD
The medPod® is a cellular portable medication dispenser that connects to the cloud. It is a platform for voice and video communication with the patient’s entire medical ecosystem. The medPod connects via Bluetooth to biometric devices, and is platform for the patient’s health information. It is the focal hub of secured HIPAA compliant data cloud.
The medPOD’s hardware, and software technology is powered by Samsung and defined by DayaMed. The innovative disruptive technology of the medPOD is connected by the AT&T LTE network. The medPOD has established a new metric for patient-centered disease management – “Real-time Medication Adherence (RMA)”. An auditable metric that conveys the place, time, and the exact medication taken by the patient.
The pharmacy amber vial and medication possession ratio metric are tools and data points of a by-gone era.
.

 
 
 
 
 







How it Works
A DayaMed certified pharmacy creates the medPOD proprietary cartridge that can be picked up at the pharmacy or delivered to the patient the same day or next morning. The medication cartridge arrives sealed to the patient with a complete drug regimen in dose and time specific pouches.
The patient simply places the cartridge in the medPOD, closes the lid, and the medPOD is ready to go. To refill, the patient simple removes the empty cartridge, and drops in a new sealed cartridge. Because the medPOD cloud integrates directly with the pharmacy, logistics carrier, hospitals, and payors IT systems, the medPOD works out of the box for the patient. No programming or data entry is required by the patient.

 
 
 
 
 
 


 





User Interface
The medPOD has a large curved, AMOLED Edge-to-Edge display creating an immersive and easy to navigate experience for the patient. The display features always-on-technology allowing the patient to quickly glance at their current
schedule or update from their caregivers.
A glowing LED and speaker on the sides provide visual and audible adherence and communication notifications. The patient’s specific therapeutic directions and information on medication, disease state, and caregivers comes customized and pre-loaded for the patient.
The patient is able to video conference with their caregivers, providers, and pharmacists in real-time allowing them to receive real-time notifications from the medPOD. The patient’s approved medical ecosystem participants are enabled to communicate directly with the medPOD using their medPOD app, online portal, or through a simple phone call. The patient has complete control over their data privacy, and communication access.  All patient information is treated within strict HIPAA guidelines.

 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 




Value
Our innovative medPOD is a patient-centered, customized communication hub that revolutionizes the way patients experience the pharmacy process and interaction with their medication regimen and caregivers.
Many factors can keep patients from taking their medicines – from vaguely written prescriptions and pharmacy inaccuracies to patient forgetfulness, confusion, and even physical & mental challenges. Our innovative medPOD is a patient-centered, customized communication hub that revolutionizes the way patients experience the pharmacy process and interaction with their medication regimen and caregivers. The medPOD is designed especially for patients with chronic or acute conditions, and for organizations deploying value-based population health solutions.
The medPOD is powered by Samsung’s real-time cloud and hardware technology to empower and ensure medication adherence and secure communication while raising clinical therapeutic outcomes and managing healthcare premiums.

 
 
 
 
 



      Hospitals  In 2014, hospital readmissions due to the patient’s relapse cost the government more than $289 billion. Under new health reform laws hospitals now bear the staggering cost of these relapse readmissions, and may be penalized for quality metrics. The primary cause for hospital readmissions is identified as a breakdown in continuity of care. Upon discharge from the hospital, the sudden change of setting and lack of a single entity to oversee a patient’s compliance with their therapeutic regimen can lead to confusion, human error, as well as the impact of negative social factors. This leads to lower compliance that can increase risk of relapse and expense to the hospital. The medPOD’s capacity to ensure continuity of care and real-time disease management translates to lower hospital readmission rates due to relapse. This equates to a higher quality of care and lower hospital related costs. Additionally, the medPOD provides real-time analytics to the hospital providing data as to whether the re-admission was due to non-adherence or poor patient care.  The medPOD dispenses pre-sorted prescribed medication pouches customized to each patient’s drug regimen, this real-time dose-specific medPOD feature enhances compliance and eliminates the potential for confusion and mental challenges. The medPOD also acts as a biometric hub, able to relay blood pressure, glucose, weight, pulse ox, EKG, and Samsung Gear S2 activity data directly to the hospital EHR, or customized hospital medPOD portal or app. And, with the DayaMed cloud database tracking the patient’s compliance and biometrics, physicians can utilize an event-based system to efficiently respond promptly to patient needs. As pay-for-outcome models become more attractive for physicians, low compliance not only means poor therapeutic outcome but also reduced profit. Poor communication and an inability to respond promptly when patient compliance falters or continuity of care is not maintained are challenges for physicians striving to provide quality care. And for at-risk physician groups who are financially responsible for poor therapeutic outcomes the challenge is even greater. Poor therapeutic outcomes mean increased expenditures.      InsuranceProviders 75% of the healthy insured population, support 5% of the insured members who are most chronically ill. These chronic illnesses, primarily diabetes, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure are preventable and treatable. However, when patient compliance goes down, disease incidents increase, inflating insurance premiums even for those without illness. The MedPod’s ability to improve a patient’s compliance of their therapeutic regimen as well as inform insurance companies about the patient’s compliance status not only improves that patient’s health, but lowers healthcare costs for everyone. Insurance companies now have the ability to base incentives on a patient’s compliance with their treatment regimen while implementing a value-based insurance design.  Payors are able to provide to patients a medPOD powered real-time content management system for delivery of interactive wellness programs through the medPOD’s communication and content management platform.  The data collected by the medPOD hub empowers predictive modeling for payors enabling ROI by rapidly targeting resources on patient populations that require the most help, which in the end reduces the cost for all.      PharmaceuticalCompanies With insurance companies evaluating medicine and treatments based on comparative effectiveness, pharmaceutical companies are concerned with accurate assessments of their products’ efficacy. Low compliance rates negatively affect these assessments and may prompt insurance carriers to add a competitive company’s medication to their formulary. By increasing patient compliance rates, the medPOD leads to improved and more accurate assessments of a medication’s efficacy. This information is vital to pharmaceutical manufacturers who can now use real-time clinical metrics to demonstrate their product’s comparative effectiveness. The medPOD also provides a communication and content management platform for pharmaceutical companies that can be customized to specific disease states and medication to further elevate therapeutic outcomes. The platform includes a customized medPOD online portal and app.        Government Governments across the globe are the worlds biggest payors. Single payor systems and Medicare/Medicaid are constantly seeking new tools and services to deploy for their population health programs. The medPOD achieves the triple aim by improving the patient experience, lowering costs, and raising clinical outcomes.  Regulatory and consumer protection agencies have programs in place to monitor the safety of drugs available to the public either over the counter or by prescription. By accessing payor database records, these agencies can see which medicines where prescribed and in what doses.However, they lack the ability to track patient compliance, crucial information for constructing an accurate real-time data metric of the potential threat of tainted or non-effective medications. The medPOD’s critically focused advantage of real-time compliance and prescription drug usage data metric enables governmental regulatory agencies to promptly manage these issues during crises situations. Traditionally households were known to extend beyond the nuclear family. However, contemporary family structures are now far more relationally and geographically spread out. With grown children living in other states and even other countries, the lack of available family support also contributes to low medication and disease management adherence rates. Even with family members who live in the same town, busy daily schedules and responsibilities prevent caregivers and family members from accompanying the patient to every appointment or supervising their treatment regimen. Regardless of distance, family members can provide support for loved ones using the medPOD. Accessing their loved one’s records via the medPOD portal, family members can review compliance status. They can also receive texts, emails, or phone and video calls about non-adherence within the prescribed treatment regimen. If needed they make a call to their family member to check in. Support from family members can improve compliance rates, which leads to improved therapeutic outcomes. Identity theft is a critical concern, particularly among the elderly. Once a social security number is stolen, it can be used to obtain medicine the cost of which is then charged to Medicare. Without the ability to track the medication, this $60 billion dollar a year crime will continue. The medPOD’s ability to track drug regimens translates to patient peace-of-mind against identity theft and defense against costly Medicare fraud.      Employers Employers are constantly striving for new programs to engage their employees and retirees in wellness programs to keep them motivated, healthy, and fit. The medPOD enables employers and their 3rd party administrators to engage their healthy and chronically ill population. The medPOD provides a custom wellness content management system and portal for the employer, and 3rd party administrator to engage the population with custom health and wellness initiatives from diabetes management, to staying active, and even providing a portal to access nutritious diet information.  Employers and their 3rd party administrators are able to collect medication adherence and biometric data to keep their population healthy while using these data points to incentivize their patients with reduced premiums or other non-financial incentives. These real-time patient generated data points are key elements to the gamification of healthcare programs.      Pharmacies The medPOD is provided directly to the patient from the pharmacy. DayaMed certifies 3rd party pharmacies to dispense the medPOD and refill cartridges. The medPOD can be dispensed from a retail, specialty, or mail-order pharmacy.  Pharmacies are able to target and enhance their Medication Therapy Management for patients using the medPOD. Pharmacists are able to video conference with the patient on their medPOD using their app or customized online portal. Patients can reach out for help to their pharmacists when they require it, dose specifically.  Additionally, pharmacies are able to track in real-time the inventory of medication left in the medPOD. This allows for automatic fillings of prescriptions, better management of the patient’s disease state, and elevated therapeutic outcomes.    
 
 
 



Hospitals

In 2014, hospital readmissions due to the patient’s relapse cost the government more than $289 billion. Under new health reform laws hospitals now bear the staggering cost of these relapse readmissions, and may be penalized for quality metrics.
The primary cause for hospital readmissions is identified as a breakdown in continuity of care. Upon discharge from the hospital, the sudden change of setting and lack of a single entity to oversee a patient’s compliance with their therapeutic regimen can lead to confusion, human error, as well as the impact of negative social factors. This leads to lower compliance that can increase risk of relapse and expense to the hospital.
The medPOD’s capacity to ensure continuity of care and real-time disease management translates to lower hospital readmission rates due to relapse. This equates to a higher quality of care and lower hospital related costs. Additionally, the medPOD provides real-time analytics to the hospital providing data as to whether the re-admission was due to non-adherence or poor patient care.
The medPOD dispenses pre-sorted prescribed medication pouches customized to each patient’s drug regimen, this real-time dose-specific medPOD feature enhances compliance and eliminates the potential for confusion and mental challenges.  The medPOD also acts as a biometric hub, able to relay blood pressure, glucose, weight, pulse ox, EKG, and Samsung Gear S2 activity data directly to the hospital EHR, or customized hospital medPOD portal or app. And, with the DayaMed cloud database tracking the patient’s compliance and biometrics, physicians can utilize an event-based system to efficiently respond promptly to patient needs.
As pay-for-outcome models become more attractive for physicians, low compliance not only means poor therapeutic outcome but also reduced profit. Poor communication and an inability to respond promptly when patient compliance falters or continuity of care is not maintained are challenges for physicians striving to provide quality care.
And for at-risk physician groups who are financially responsible for poor therapeutic outcomes the challenge is even greater. Poor therapeutic outcomes mean increased expenditures.
 
 
Insurance

75% of the healthy insured population, support 5% of the insured members who are most chronically ill. These chronic illnesses, primarily diabetes, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure are preventable and treatable. However, when patient compliance goes down, disease incidents increase, inflating insurance premiums even for those without illness.
The MedPod’s ability to improve a patient’s compliance of their therapeutic regimen as well as inform insurance companies about the patient’s compliance status not only improves that patient’s health, but lowers healthcare costs for everyone. Insurance companies now have the ability to base incentives on a patient’s compliance with their treatment regimen while implementing a value-based insurance design.
 
Payors are able to provide to patients a medPOD powered real-time content management system for delivery of interactive wellness programs through the medPOD’s communication and content management platform.
 
The data collected by the medPOD hub empowers predictive modeling for payors enabling ROI by rapidly targeting resources on patient populations that require the most help, which in the end reduces the cost for all.
 
 
Pharmaceutical Companies

With insurance companies evaluating medicine and treatments based on comparative effectiveness, pharmaceutical companies are concerned with accurate assessments of their products’ efficacy. Low compliance rates negatively affect these assessments and may prompt insurance carriers to add a competitive company’s medication to their formulary.
By increasing patient compliance rates, the medPOD leads to improved and more accurate assessments of a medication’s efficacy. This information is vital to pharmaceutical manufacturers who can now use real-time clinical metrics to demonstrate their product’s comparative effectiveness.
The medPOD also provides a communication and content management platform for pharmaceutical companies that can be customized to specific disease states and medication to further elevate therapeutic outcomes. The platform includes a customized medPOD online portal and app.
 
 
Government

Governments across the globe are the worlds biggest payors. Single payor systems and Medicare/Medicaid are constantly seeking new tools and services to deploy for their population health programs.  The medPOD achieves the triple aim by improving the patient experience, lowering costs, and raising clinical outcomes.
Regulatory and consumer protection agencies have programs in place to monitor the safety of drugs available to the public either over the counter or by prescription. By accessing payor database records, these agencies can see which medicines where prescribed and in what doses.However, they lack the ability to track patient compliance, crucial information for constructing an accurate real-time data metric of the potential threat of tainted or non-effective medications.  The medPOD’s critically focused advantage of real-time compliance and prescription drug usage data metric enables governmental regulatory agencies to promptly manage these issues during crises situations.
Traditionally households were known to extend beyond the nuclear family.  However, contemporary family structures are now far more relationally and geographically spread out. With grown children living in other states and even other countries, the lack of available family support also contributes to low medication and disease management adherence rates. Even with family members who live in the same town, busy daily schedules and responsibilities prevent caregivers and family members from accompanying the patient to every appointment or supervising their treatment regimen.
Regardless of distance, family members can provide support for loved ones using the medPOD. Accessing their loved one’s records via the medPOD portal, family members can review compliance status. They can also receive texts, emails, or phone and video calls about non-adherence within the prescribed treatment regimen.  If needed they make a call to their family member to check in. Support from family members can improve compliance rates, which leads to improved therapeutic outcomes.
Identity theft is a critical concern, particularly among the elderly. Once a social security number is stolen, it can be used to obtain medicine the cost of which is then charged to Medicare. Without the ability to track the medication, this $60 billion dollar a year crime will continue.  The medPOD’s ability to track drug regimens translates to patient peace-of-mind against identity theft and defense against costly Medicare fraud.
 
 
Employers

Employers are constantly striving for new programs to engage their employees and retirees in wellness programs to keep them motivated, healthy, and fit.  The medPOD enables employers and their 3rd party administrators to engage their healthy and chronically ill population.  The medPOD provides a custom wellness content management system and portal for the employer, and 3rd party administrator to engage the population with custom health and wellness initiatives from diabetes management, to staying active, and even providing a portal to access nutritious diet information.
Employers and their 3rd party administrators are able to collect medication adherence and biometric data to keep their population healthy while using these data points to incentivize their patients with reduced premiums or other non-financial incentives.   These real-time patient generated data points are key elements to the gamification of healthcare programs.
 
 
Pharmacies

The medPOD is provided directly to the patient from the pharmacy.  DayaMed certifies 3rd party pharmacies to dispense the medPOD and refill cartridges.  The medPOD can be dispensed from a retail, specialty, or mail-order pharmacy.
Pharmacies are able to target and enhance their Medication Therapy Management for patients using the medPOD.  Pharmacists are able to video conference with the patient on their medPOD using their app or customized online portal.  Patients can reach out for help to their pharmacists when they require it, dose specifically.
Additionally, pharmacies are able to track in real-time the inventory of medication left in the medPOD.  This allows for automatic fillings of prescriptions, better management of the patient’s disease state, and elevated therapeutic outcomes.
 
 
 
 
 
 




 


Partnerships
DayaMed has partnered with global icons to empower, deploy, and support the medPOD platform across the world.  Together we are changing the way population health and pharmacy is experienced one patient at a time.

 
 
 
 





 




 




 
 





 




 




 
 
 




 


Press
Here’s what people have to say about medPOD.

 
 
 
 
 




Doctor’s Orders: Mobile Solutions for Medication Therapy Management
Read more >>
 
 


$40 Billion Hospital Supplier Links Health Innovators With Clinicians
Read more >>
 
 


Jabil to Supply Next Generation of Cellular Medication Dispenser for DayaMed
Read more >>
 
 
 



AT&T to Connect DayaMed medPOD to Help Patients Stay on Track at Home
Read more >>
 
 


medPOD® 2.0 Launching at HIMSS 2016 in Las Vegas
Read more >>
 
 
 
 
 





Contact Us,
We'd Love to Hear from You!
Please contact us to learn more, ask a question, or just keep in touch!

 
 
 





Name


Email Address


Subject


Message
Message




Submit



 
 
 
 
 




 


Learn More About Our Global Team
Click the icons below to learn more

 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 











MedPod Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > MedPodMedPodcbEDITcbLocationNew York, NYRevenue$–Total Funding$2.65mFounded2013Employees-StageprivateCompany Websitemedpod.com/LinkedIn–MedPod is a modular professional insurance reimbursable telemedicine clinic that
operates in the healthcare sector. It has a supporting network with clinical
decision support and home-based platform. MedPod was founded in 2013 and is
based in New York, New York.Keywordsmedical device,healthcare,medicalMedPod's Private Funding Rounds$2.65m TotalDateAmountInvestorsNov 2016$600kUnknownAug 2015$1.78mUnknownFeb 2015$275kUnknownWant to view and download all of MedPod's funding rounds?VIEW FINANCIAL DATAMedPod CompetitorsAT&T Inc.AT&T is a telecommunications company that provides wireless...MMedpod, IncMedPod is developing next-generation general care, on-demand care and...See 0 more with a free trialRecent News from MedPodStart trial to view recent news about MedPod.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service