Teledyne Technologies' (TDY) CEO Robert Mehrabian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Teledyne Technologies' (TDY) CEO Robert Mehrabian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 4.17 | About: Teledyne Technologies (TDY) Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (NYSE:TDY)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 4, 2017 11:00 AM ET
Executives
Jason VanWees – Senior Vice President Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions
Robert Mehrabian – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Sue Main – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Greg Konrad – Jefferies
Jim Ricchiuti – Needham and Company
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Teledyne Technologies First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a questions-and-answer session instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees
Hi, everyone, and good morning. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions at Teledyne. And I’d like to welcome everyone to Teledyne’s first quarter 2017 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market open.
Joining me today are Teledyne’s Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Chief Operating Officer, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we’ll ask for your questions.
However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats made in our SEC filings and in the earnings release itself, and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here’s Robert.
Robert Mehrabian
Thank you, Jason. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Let me begin with a very short review of our history. My predecessor, Henry Singleton, founded Teledyne July of 1960. We’ve been in operation as an independent company for 57 years, with the exception of a failed marriage between mid-1996 and late-1999.
I’ve had the privilege of serving as the CEO of the company since our divorce in late 1999 or spinoff in the accepted Wall Street jargon, and this is my 70th earnings conference call. As I noted in my annual letter to stockholders, compared to any time in the past 17 years and the most excited about our current business portfolio and the overall outlook of our markets.
Now getting back to the current business, Teledyne begin 2017 with a great quarter. We achieved organic growth across each business segment with especially strong performance in our Digital Imaging segment. Furthermore, bookings were strong in nearly all commercial businesses as well as our government imaging business resulting in a quarterly book-to-bill 1.16.
Adjusted operating margin, which excludes e2v acquisition related charges increased over 100 basis points and was a record for any first quarter. Furthermore, given the strong sales and marketing performance, adjusted earnings were $1.26 compared to our prior outlook of $1.15 to $1.17 which also excluded e2v acquisition related cost.
The adjusted earnings of $1.26 or 13.5% increase over the solid $1.11 of Q1 of last year. Before discussing our business segments, I want to make some comments about the presentation of our results in light of the recent e2v acquisition. For the last 17 years and throughout our prior 56 acquisitions, we have consistently presented GAAP margins and earnings per share.
However, this quarter in order to eliminate any confusion regarding our underlying business performance, we are presented our results with and without e2v acquisition related charges. We felt this was necessary first because our prior earnings outlooks excluded e2v. And second, the magnitude of our largest transactions to date and it’s related one-time expenses overwhelm our core business performance.

I believe it’s also worth noting that even this time. We’ve only adjusted the results and outlook for specific short-term non-recurring transaction costs, which we expect to end – before the end of 2017. Significant ongoing expenses such as amortization of intangible assets have always been and we remain within our reported GAAP results.
For reference, in full year 2017, amortization alone will represent nearly $40 million or about $0.80 per share of expense. Regarding Teledyne e2v, we were delighted to close that acquisition on March 28 of the first quarter. We’re proud to continue the company 70-year legacy of innovation in specialized high technology product.
The integration is proceeding rapidly and smoothly and our e2v colleagues made presentations to our Board of Directors and participated in our three day quarterly operations reviews last week.
Going forward, given the complementary products in which machine vision, space imaging, medical imaging and semiconductor markets, the majority of e2v’s operations will be reported within our Digital Imaging segment. On an annual basis, such Teledyne e2v businesses represent approximately $250 million of sales.
The balance of Teledyne e2v’s businesses comprised of defense-related microwave and semiconductor devices and representing approximately $60 million of annual sales will be reported within our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. Finally, a small but very important high technology business most at Teledyne known as Teledyne SP devices will be combined with Teledyne LeCroy reported within our Instrumentation segment.
Now turning back to the first quarter results. In our Instrumentation segment, first quarter sales increased 4.1% from last year’s. Sales of marine instrumentation decreased 2.9% due to lower sales of interconnect systems or offshore energy production, largely offset by increased sales of defense-related and land-based interconnect systems. Marine Instrumentation orders, however, increased over 20% from last year and were at the highest level in two years.
With the demand balance across subsea vehicles, mine countermeasures and other solar systems and land-based cables interconnect and corrosion sensors. In the environmental domain, sales increased 9.8% and operating margin and operating profit also increased. Largely as a result of continued growth in pollution and particulate monitoring instrumentation and the recent acquisition of Hanson Research and strong margin performance across the majority of product lines.
Sales of electronic, test and measurement systems increased 13.6% overall, with organic growth of 4%. Sales of protocol analyzers used by engineers to troubleshoot data communication systems and test interoperability of devices continue to be very healthy. Segment operating profit and operating margin decreased, but this was solely due to lower sales margins and product mix within our marine instrumentations. Margins for our environmental and electronic test and instrumentation product lines improved 157 basis points and 132 basis points respectively from last year.
Turning to Digital Imaging, first quarter sales increased 26.6%, with organic growth of 14.9%. The organic increase in sales was relatively broad-based, including strong growth for industrial machine vision cameras, micro electro-mechanical systems or MEMS, and laser-based mapping systems.
In addition to strong sales, orders were excellent with a book-to-bill of 1.58. This statistics exclude the $7.2 million of revenue from Teledyne e2v at the end of the quarter and over $200 million of assumed backlog from the acquisition. GAAP operating margin increased 432 basis points from last year and excluding $2.5 million of e2v acquisition-related costs in this segment, operating margin increased 652 basis points.

In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, first quarter sales declined slightly as a result of divestiture of Teledyne Printed Circuit Technology in July 2016. Excluding the divestiture, organic sales grew 3.1%, primarily as a result of increased sales of commercial avionics.
Segment operating margin increased 146 basis points from last year to 17.2%. In the Engineering Systems segment, first quarter revenue increased 5.1% and operating margin improved 72 basis points. The higher revenue resulted from increased sales of cruise missile engines, commercial hydrogen generators and missile defense engineering services.
In conclusion, I’m very pleased with our great start in 2017. First, our businesses performed exceptionally well. Second, we closed what I believe to be one of Teledyne’s best acquisitions. While Teledyne e2v is our largest acquisition to-date, it is a company made up of a combination of strong businesses, all of which are large bolt-ons to existing businesses inside Teledyne.
As I mentioned earlier, the integration is going very well, and we’re very impressed with the quality of e2v management, employees and technologies. Just as an example, while Teledyne e2v represents approximately 13% of Teledyne’s pro forma combined revenue, e2v’s patent represent approximately 40% of our combined portfolio of over 2,000 issued active patents.
Finally, we’re committed to maintaining strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet. Given the e2v transaction, our debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio increased to 3.0 in the first quarter compared to 1.7 at year-end 2016. However, our aggregate cost of debt decreased by approximately 100 basis points given the very favorable terms of the e2v acquisition-related financing.
I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main
Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2017 outlook. In the first quarter, cash flow from operating activity was $53.4 million compared with cash flow of $69.1 million for the same period of 2016.
While cash flow declined from last year, it was, nevertheless, the second-highest level for any Teledyne first quarter. The lower cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter of 2017, primarily reflected the impact of transaction-related expense payments for the e2v acquisition and the timing of accounts receivable collections.
Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $40.8 million for the first quarter of 2017 compared with $54.9 in 2016. Capital expenditures were $12.6 million in the first quarter compared to $14.2 million for the same period of 2016.
Depreciation and amortization expense was $22.8 million in the first quarter compared to $21.1 million for the same period of 2016. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.24 billion of net debt, that is approximately $1.31 billion debt and capital leases less cash of $69.7 million or a net debt to capital ratio of 43.7%. Stock option compensation expense was $4.1 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to $3.4 million in the first quarter of 2016.
As noted in the earnings release, the first quarter of 2017 contained $21.2 million of pre-tax charges related to the e2v acquisition. Included in cost of sales for our Digital Imaging segment was $1.4 million related to inventory step-up amortization. Included in SG&A expense was $11.5 million comprised of stamp duty, a 50 basis points UK transaction tax and financial advisory legal accounting and other fees.
Of this $10.4 million was included in corporate expense and $1.1 million was included in the Digital Imaging segment. Included in other expense was $6.0 million for foreign currency option contract to hedge the purchase price. Finally, a commitment fee expense of $2.3 million related to UK specific certain funds bridge financing facility was included in interest expense.

While the majority of costs were expensed in the first quarter, we expect an additional cost of approximately $7.5 million or $0.14 to $0.15 per share in the remainder of 2017. Most of these will relate to inventory step-up amortization and restructuring cost and will be included in the Digital Imaging segment and to a lesser degree in the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segments.
Turning to our outlook, management currently believe that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2017 will be in the range of $1.20 to $1.25 per share. Adjusted earnings per share, which excluded transaction related costs are expected to be in the range of $1.27 to $1.32. And for the full year 2017, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $5.20 to $5.30. Adjusted full year earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $5.76 to $5.86. This compares to our prior outlook of $5.40 to $5.50, which excluded e2v. The 2017 full year effective tax rate, excluding any discrete items, is expected to be 28.3%.
I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian
Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Greg Konrad. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad
Good morning and great quarter.
Robert Mehrabian
Thank you, Greg.
Greg Konrad
I just wanted to start with e2v, I mean multiple times you’ve mentioned about how complementary the two portfolios are. And I was hoping you could discuss maybe some of the product development [indiscernible] the combination and how should we think about revenue synergies over time?
Robert Mehrabian
Sure, Greg. Let me start with professional imaging as an example. We currently make machine vision cameras, as well as sensors. And they make machine vision sensors. The difference between the sensors are that they’re stronger in CMOS sensors than we are, and most importantly, in two-dimensional area scan CMOS sensors. The area that we expect would contribute to growth is their ability to do three-dimensional imaging, which we do not have currently in our professional imaging portfolio, even though we do have it in our laser imaging portfolio that we do from above ground or underground. This is our multiple laser scans of object.
Second, we have extra oral dental sensors in our professional imaging and they have intra-oral dental sensors and a very healthy IP portfolio in that area. And we think that would benefit us significantly to generate new products and revenues. In the RF power domain, we make traveling wave tubes, large ones. They make magnetrons, which are used for cancer therapy radiation. Those are similar technologies. The underlying technologies in amplifying electromagnetic waves are very similar on those two technologies.
On the other hand, while we make large wave tubs, traveling wave tubes, they make small traveling wave tubes, both of these are again microwave power modules. And we would benefit from each others technologies. Just as importantly, couple to a traveling wave tube is usually you have to have a power supply. That supplies the power to the traveling wave tube, as the traveling wave tube then magnifies the electromagnetic waves.
They make the part amplifies where both their solid state and small mini traveling wave tubes. We do not have that technology and we’d like to develop it for our larger traveling wave tubes. I’ll just make one other very quick observation. There are many similar things. Let me give one in space imaging. We are well-known and respected, the best in the world for space imaging, in the infrared domain, whether it’s on satellites looking up or on various scopes like large hobbled telescopes looking down and looking up.

They are great, as well as our first ground-based telescopes. They’re very good, the world’s best in the visible area. I think we can combine their product in the visible domain with our products in the infrared domain and present a unique set of capabilities to a wide range of customers, including classified programs. Those are just some of the examples. There are many others that I can’t give, Greg.
Greg Konrad
Thank you. That was great. And then if we look at the guidance that you gave for the year, last quarter versus the adjusted guidance in this quarter, it’s up about $0.35. How much of that is attributable to e2v, excluding transaction expenses, versus the change in outlook for the rest of the business?
Robert Mehrabian
I think about $0.20 to $0.25 is from e2v. Let’s just say $0.20 and $0.10 to $0.15 is from our core businesses – existing businesses.
Greg Konrad
Thank you. And then, just…
Robert Mehrabian
Yes, go ahead, please.
Greg Konrad
Sorry. Just last one for me. I mean the book-to-bill in the quarter of 1.15, I think last quarter, you’re talking about organic growth of maybe 2% to 3%. Have you seen an acceleration in that organic growth, especially, when I look at Digital Imaging did in the quarter?
Robert Mehrabian
Yes. I think an organic growth in the first quarter was about 4% – over 4%. I expect that during the year, it’d be about 5%, better than the 2% to 3% that we indicated.
Greg Konrad
Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian
Thank you, Greg.
Operator
Thank you. And next we’ll go to Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti
Hi, good morning. Congratulations on closing the transaction. Wanted to follow up on just the growth acceleration that you’re seeing in a couple of parts of the business. In particular, starting with the Digital Imaging, I think that you alluded to 15% organic growth. You cited a couple of areas. I mean, how evenly was that? It seems like the machine vision business is going very well, but I wondered if you could just give us a little bit of color on that? And is e2v seeing this same kind of momentum in this area of their business?
Robert Mehrabian
Yes. Let me start with our business first, Jim. There are two areas that are contributing to our strong growth in the imaging businesses. First, is flat panel displays. And there, we’re enjoying really strong orders, especially with OLED displays that are the new flexible displays. Plants are being built and almost all of them use our cameras, lines cameras for those displays to look at the quality.
Second, we have – as you may recall, we have a MEMS foundry in Beaumont, and that foundry is one of the three largest independent MEMS foundries in the world. We’re enjoying an exceptional year there. We’re almost 100% booked in that foundry and that’s another growth area. I think e2v also is enjoying similar growth, specifically in barcode reading use, again that uses their cameras, as well as the 3D sensors, which I mentioned, which are very unique. We are also seeing demand growing for our CMOS x-ray detectors at the core Teledyne businesses. So those are some examples.
Jim Ricchiuti
Okay, that’s helpful, Robert. In the e2v 3D sensors, are the applications there for – we’ve been hearing more and more of about 3D machine vision. Are the end markets again skewed more toward consumer electronics devices, industrial applications or inspection of in production lines that are producing consumer electronics? Or are there some other applications for their 3D sensors that go into 3D machine vision?
Robert Mehrabian
I would say in both areas. First, 3D sensors are used obviously in consumer electronics, but also they are used in machine vision applications because you get a more precise reading of three dimensional sizes and quality of objects that you are observing. They are also used in, and I think we will probably start participating in, in addition to machine vision, in automotive collision and avoidance. And this gives us a whole debt capability in 3D added to what we have in our own laser-based systems. This gives us a whole new set of capabilities to go in new markets.

Jim Ricchiuti
Is there any unusual seasonality that we need to be mindful of with respect to the e2v business as we go through the year?
Robert Mehrabian
Yes, historically, what they’ve done is they’ve had – year was ended in March. And historically, what it had is a bigger quarters at the end of the year. We’re trying to obviously, flatten that out like we trying to do with our own businesses. But historically, they started slow in their first quarter, which is this would be their first quarter and, of course, this is our second quarter. But then they picked up. But I think that I would view that, Jim, as transition year. This should flatten out in future years.
Jim Ricchiuti
And last question for me, if we think about blended gross margins for Teledyne now. I mean, it seems to be that you are given the mix, and you seem to be overlaying some higher-margin businesses. Is there a way to think, in broad terms, about your gross margins over the next one to two years?
Robert Mehrabian
I think our gross margins would go up from, let’s say 37.5% to 40%. But the bottom line margins are different. The business is we buying have better in some areas, not into all areas, in some areas have better operating margins than we do. But overall, because we’re going to be adding about $0.20 to $0.24 of intangibles, what happens is that if you do on EBITDA analysis that is take the amortization out, our overall margins would increase. But because the amortization is hitting us pretty hard, the overall bottom line margin of the company will go down somewhat, maybe 10, 20, 30 basis points. But that’s all right, because in the end, what you’re looking for is how much profit you make and what happens to your EPS. So in that way, we should be fine.
Jim Ricchiuti
Thanks very much.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Robert Mehrabian
Thank you, operator. That doesn’t seem to be any other questions are there?
Operator
There are no further questions. Please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian
Great. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees
Thank you, Robert, and again thank you everyone for joining us this morning. If you do have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me. My number is on the earnings release. And again, all the earnings releases are available on our website as well as the webcast replay. Operator, if you could conclude the conference call and provide the replay details, that would the ideal. Thank you, everyone.
Operator
Certainly. And ladies and gentleman, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 today through June 4, 2017. You may access the AT&T Executive replay system at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701, and entering the access code 420531. International participants dial number is, 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, access code 420531.
That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T’s Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Industrial Goods, Aerospace/Defense Products & Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All TDY TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1c78f910-6fea-11e7-88c9-03deea60e7fe
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1caa1b30-6fea-11e7-ba3e-df7fcd752b05
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          



















Robert Mehrabian - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Robert Mehrabian
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at Teledyne Technologies Incorporated


View Full Profile
Are you Robert Mehrabian? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert Mehrabian's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert Mehrabian's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert Mehrabian's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert Mehrabian through your network of contacts.
												








Robert Mehrabian's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Teledyne Technologies Incorporated


Past
To view Robert Mehrabian's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
75

 
 


Robert Mehrabian's Biography



Robert Mehrabian is the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. He has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Teledyne since its formation in 1999. He became Chairman of the Board in December 2000. Prior to the spin-off of the Company by Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) in November 1999, Dr. Mehrabian was the President and Chief Executive Officer of ATI's Aerospace and Electronics segment since July 1999 and had served ATI in various senior executive capacities since July 1997. Before joining ATI, Dr. Mehrabian served as President of Carnegie Mellon University. From 1992 until ...
(Read More)

			Robert Mehrabian is the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. He has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Teledyne since its formation in 1999. He became Chairman of the Board in December 2000. Prior to the spin-off of the Company by Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) in November 1999, Dr. Mehrabian was the President and Chief Executive Officer of ATI's Aerospace and Electronics segment since July 1999 and had served ATI in various senior executive capacities since July 1997. Before joining ATI, Dr. Mehrabian served as President of Carnegie Mellon University. From 1992 until April 2014, he served as a director of PPG Industries, Inc. Dr. Mehrabian served as a director of Mellon Financial Corporation from 1994 to 2007 and served as director of its successor The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation until April of 2011. He is a member of The National Academy of Engineering.
 
The following experience, qualifications, attributes and/or skills led the Board to conclude that Dr. Mehrabian should serve as a director: his leadership skills acquired while serving as the Company's Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, previously held senior-executive level positions at public companies and at academic institutions, his service on public company boards, and his extensive knowledge and understanding of the Company's business, operations, technology, products and services.
		
Source: Teledyne Technologies Incorporated on 03/10/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert Mehrabian's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert Mehrabian. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert Mehrabian's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert Mehrabian's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert Mehrabian through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert Mehrabian


















Robert Mehrabian's Connections (145)





Sign up now to view Robert Mehrabian's 145 connections »









Simon M. Lorne
Board Member, Teledyne Technologies Incorporated









Richard J. Kogan
Former Chief Executive Officer and President, Merck & Co., Inc.









Erroll B. Davis
Board Member, Union Pacific Corporation









Wesley W. von Schack
Board Member, Teledyne Technologies Incorporated









John P. Surma
Board Member, Marathon Petroleum Corporation









Jason VanWees
Senior Vice President, Strategy, Mergers and Acquisitions, Teledyne Technologies Incorporated









Michele J. Hooper
Board Member, PPG Industries, Inc.









Frank J. Biondi
Board Member, Seagate Technology plc









William C. Richardson
Former Board Member, The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation









Charles H. Noski
Board Member, Microsoft Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Teledyne Technologies, Inc.











&nbsp Home &nbsp 
&nbsp Corporate Information &nbsp 
&nbsp Teledyne Companies &nbsp 

&nbsp News &nbsp 
&nbsp Investors















About Us 
 Did You Know

 Competitive Strengths

 Ethics and Values 

 Everywhereyoulook

Management Team
 Board of Directors

 Executive Profiles

Governance
 Governance Home

 Guidelines


 Board Meetings

 Contact

 Committee Matters

 Leadership

 Committees

    Audit

    Nominating &
      Governance

    Personnel &
      Compensation













Executive Profiles

Robert Mehrabian
Chairman, President and CEO
Teledyne Technologies Incorporated


In November 1999, Mehrabian became president and chief executive officer of Teledyne Technologies, after its spin-off from Allegheny Technologies, and became chairman of the board in December 2000. Mehrabian began his corporate executive career in July 1997, approximately one year after the merger of Allegheny Ludlum and Teledyne, as senior vice president in charge of the Aerospace and Electronics segment of Allegheny Teledyne. He was promoted to executive vice president with additional responsibilities for the Industrial and Consumer companies in May 1998. Previously he was president of Carnegie Mellon University, a post he assumed in July 1990. He has served on the board of directors of a number of public companies, including Mellon Financial Corporation and its successor, Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (1994-2011), and PPG Industries, Inc. (1992-2014).

Mehrabian holds bachelor and doctor of science degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). His academic career spanned almost thirty years starting at MIT in 1968 and concluding as president of Carnegie Mellon University in 1997. He left MIT in 1975 where he was an associate professor. From 1975 to 1979, he was professor of metallurgy and professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Illinois in Champaign-Urbana. From 1983 to 1990, he served as Dean of Engineering at the University of California, Santa Barbara. 

Mehrabian also spent four years in the Senior Executive Service of the U.S. Government. As director of the Center for Materials Science of the Department of Commerce's National Institute of Standards and Technology he initiated numerous government/industry programs that became models for such cooperative efforts. During his U.C. Santa Barbara and Carnegie Mellon University tenures, he spun-off a number of high technology companies. An internationally recognized authority on advanced technologies, Mehrabian also served as senior advisor in manufacturing and high technology processes to many Fortune 500 companies. 

Mehrabian holds eight U.S. and more than 40 foreign patents. He has authored 139 technical papers and edited six books in the field of materials science and engineering. His awards include election to the National Academy of Engineering (NAE), a Fellow and distinguished Life Member of the American Society of Metals International (ASM), the Henry Marion Howe Medal of the ASM, and a Fellow and Leadership Award recipient of the Minerals, Metals and Materials Society (TMS). His honorary degrees include Sc.D. from Carnegie Mellon and L.H.D. from Chatham College. 






 










Home | 
Terms of Use | 
Careers | 
Search | 

Contact


Copyright © 2017 Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. All rights reserved. 
1049 Camino Dos Rios - Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 - 805-373-4545

Quote data provided by North American Quotations, Inc.
		








  



Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center-Corporate and Institutional Partnerships - Carnegie Mellon University



  Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center-Corporate and Institutional Partnerships - Carnegie Mellon University


Carnegie Mellon UniversitySearch Only
            Corporate and Institutional Partnerships
Submit Carnegie Mellon University Search


Skip navigation and jump directly to page content

Highlighted PartnershipsRobert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation CenterTenantsParking and DirectionsSustainable DesignThe Gates Center for Computer ScienceGM Collaborative Research LabDisney Research LabIntel Research PittsburghEntertainment Technology CenterCyLab: Leaders in Network SecurityUniversity Partnership of PittsburghPoints of DistinctionEngagement OpportunitiesContact Us



        
    |Corporate and Institutional Partnerships|
    
               > Highlighted Partnerships
      > Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center
      




Industry's Home on Campus: Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center
The vision of the Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center (CIC) is to create the optimal environment to serve the next generation of university–industry collaboration.
The Robert Mehrabian CIC is a four-story, 136,000-square-foot, dry-lab research facility built in 2005 to provide office and lab space for technology companies wishing to collaborate with Carnegie Mellon to create innovative new concepts and products for the marketplace.
The Robert Mehrabian CIC is a partnership between Carnegie Mellon, the Carnegie Museums, and local economic development organizations and is funded with $8 million in Commonwealth of Pennsylvania tax support.
It also represents the hub of Carnegie Mellon's engagement in the Keystone Innovation Zone (KIZ) program, a program to accelerate economic growth and encourage collaboration between colleges, universities, local economic developers, local government, and businesses within our region.
The facility promotes regional economic development as Carnegie Mellon researchers work with industry to develop new technologies, business ventures, and jobs.
Construction of the center was funded with state capital and Department of Community Development funds, Carnegie Mellon financing, and support from the City of Pittsburgh and the Regional Industrial Development Corporation.  "As Carnegie Mellon's first effort to create space on campus for joint research with industry, the building is a celebration of the goals of the KIZ program. The building creates a nexus for industry, federal, and university research—supporting start-ups, enhancing competitiveness for federal research funding, and creating a landing zone for companies," said Mark Kamlet, Carnegie Mellon provost and senior vice president. Kamlet said the building is a hotbed for next-generation wireless and mobile computing, robotics, and trustworthy computing applications.





Gates Hillman Center
Contact Corporate and Institutional Partnerships
helpful links


Corporate and Institutional Partnerships5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213(412) 268-2000Carnegie Mellon Home







  



Highlighted Partnerships-Corporate and Institutional Partnerships - Carnegie Mellon University



  Highlighted Partnerships-Corporate and Institutional Partnerships - Carnegie Mellon University


Carnegie Mellon UniversitySearch Only
            Corporate and Institutional Partnerships
Submit Carnegie Mellon University Search


Skip navigation and jump directly to page content

Highlighted PartnershipsRobert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation CenterThe Gates Center for Computer ScienceGM Collaborative Research LabDisney Research LabIntel Research PittsburghEntertainment Technology CenterCyLab: Leaders in Network SecurityUniversity Partnership of PittsburghPoints of DistinctionEngagement OpportunitiesContact Us



        
    |Corporate and Institutional Partnerships|
    
        
      > Highlighted Partnerships
      




Matching World-Class Research with Industry Leaders
At the Office of Corporate and Institutional Partnerships, we believe that collaboration drives innovation. We work closely with faculty and researchers to keep up with the latest developments emerging from our pioneering labs and centers. Strategic partnerships at Carnegie Mellon provide your organization with unparalleled access to cutting-edge research, and provide our students with invaluable real-world experience.
Follow the links below to read about our most successful partnerships or contact us directly to learn about how your business can benefit from our expertise.
Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center
The Gates Center for Computer Science
General Motors-Carnegie Mellon Collaborative Research Labs
Disney Research Lab
Intel Research Pittsburgh
Entertainment Technology Center
Carnegie Mellon CyLab
University Partnership of Pittsburgh





Contact Corporate and Institutional Partnerships
helpful links


Corporate and Institutional Partnerships5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213(412) 268-2000Carnegie Mellon Home





Teledyne Technologies' (TDY) CEO Robert Mehrabian on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Teledyne Technologies' (TDY) CEO Robert Mehrabian on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptFeb. 2.17 | About: Teledyne Technologies (TDY) Teledyne Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:TDY)
Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call
February 2, 2017, 11:00 am ET
Executives
Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy & M&A
Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President & CEO
Al Pichelli - COO
Sue Main - SVP & CFO
Melanie Cibik - SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Secretary
Analysts
Greg Konrad - Jefferies
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham and Company
George Godfrey - CLK
Ben Klieve - Noble Capital Markets
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Technologies Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, your telephone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions-and-answers with instructions given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees
Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened.
Joining me are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we'll ask for your questions.
However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here's Robert.
Robert Mehrabian
Thank you, Jason, and good morning everyone. We ended 2016 with our best quarter of the year. The majority of our commercial businesses that is imaging for Machine Vision and life sciences, environmental and electronic test and measurement instrumentation, and commercial aerospace avionics all increased organically from last year.
Sales of marine instrumentation declined as expected, but comparisons are also expected to ease significantly in 2017.
Orders across our government businesses continued to be strong and continue to year-end overall backlog which was approximately $120 million greater than last years.
GAAP earnings per share from continued operations were $1.49, excluding $0.16 of charges related to the pending acquisition of e2v, earnings were $1.65. I should note that our fourth quarter earnings outlook of $1.32 to $1.37 issued on November 3, 2016, did not include charges related to the e2v transaction which was announced on December 12, 2016.
Finally, full-year cash from operations and free cash flow were all time record each increasing over 50% from last year.
Before I commenting on our business segment, I want to emphasize that sales and comparisons reflect the fact that the fourth quarter and full-year 2016 contained 13 and 52 weeks respectively versus 14 and 53 weeks last year. So we had one less week this year in both the fourth quarter and the full-year to ship products.
In the instrumentation segment, fourth quarter sales decreased 15.7% from last years. Sales of marine instrumentation decreased 33.2% due to lower sales of interconnect systems and other marine sensors for energy exploration and production.
Throughout the last two years sales at marine instrumentation to defense markets have helped mitigate the decline due to energy. The long-term outlook for our products for U.S. submarine programs as well as our autonomous underwater vehicles remain very attractive.

In the environmental domain, sales increased 5.7% and operating margin and operating profit also increased largely as a result of continued growth in our pollution and particulate monitoring instrumentation.
Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 14.5% overall. Sales of protocol analyzers used by engineers to troubleshoot data communication system and test interoperability continued to be very healthy.
While GAAP segment operating profit declined, and operating margin decreased, this was solely due to lower sales and margins within the marine instrumentation. Margins for both our environmental and electronic test and measurement instrumentation product lines were at record levels.
Turning to digital imaging segment, fourth quarter sales increased 8.6% and operating margin increased 253 basis points. The increase in sales primarily reflected greater sales of machine vision; cameras for industrial and semiconductor application, X-ray detectors for life sciences, microelectromechanical systems or MEMS and geospatial software and laser based mapping systems. Sales of infrared sensors and government funded research decreased slightly year-over-year but orders were very strong with our government based backlog increasing over 45% in this segment.
In the aerospace and defense electronics segment, fourth quarter sales increased 2.2% organically from last year primarily as a result of increased sales of commercial avionics. Segment operating margin increased 410 basis points from last year to 19.2%.
In the engineered systems segment, fourth quarter revenue decreased 15.6% and operating margin improved 389 basis points. The lower revenue resulted from a difficult comparison and the timing of deliveries from certain marine manufacturing programs which were partially offset by increased sales of cruise missile engines.
In conclusion, I am most excited compared to anytime in our history about our current business portfolio and the overall outlook for our end markets.
Over the last few years, with endured cuts to the defense spending, followed by severe decline in offshore energy markets, nevertheless, we have responded aggressively by reducing our costs, and in 2016, we achieved record operating margin in the third quarter, we generated record full-year cash flow, and we were largely able to maintain GAAP earnings even including e2v acquisition-related charges.
We are a much leaner company today for the first time in years. There is no obvious storm on the horizon for Teledyne or our largest end market.
In addition, I'm personally also very excited about the pending acquisition of e2v. From industrial machine vision to space-based imaging, microwave devices spanning radar to radiography -- radiotherapy and specialty semiconductors to microelectromechanical system, our combined market capabilities, and engineering centric cultures are truly a great hit.
Our smaller acquisitions in 2016 were also significant. We enhanced our software capabilities and our participation in life sciences markets. We also added key product lines to some of our best performing businesses. Finally we divested a lower margin bill to print business; we inherited in our spinoff 17 years ago.
Looking forward, and excluding e2v, we currently expect modest overall revenue growth in 2017. We believe most of our commercial businesses will grow, sales of marine instrumentation comparison will be relatively stable, and our government businesses will see a recovery as we deliver on our improved backlog.
I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main
Thank you, Robert, and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our first quarter and full-year 2017 outlook.

In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $63.9 million compared with cash flow of $61.1 million for the same period of 2015. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2016 primarily reflected lower income tax payments, partially offset by higher working capital.
Including a facility purchase with the use of restricted cash pursuant to a 1031 like-kind exchange, free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $40.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared with $45.7 million in 2015. Capital expenditures excluding the facility purchase was $16.7 million in the fourth quarter compared to $15.4 million for the same period of 2015.
Depreciation and amortization expense was $22.1 million in the fourth quarter compared to $22.2 million for the same period of 2015.
We ended the quarter with $519.2 million of net debt that is $617.8 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $98.6 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 25.0%.
Regarding taxes, while the fourth quarter of 2016 contained discrete tax benefits of $9.4 million or $0.26 per share, the fourth quarter of 2015 also contained discrete tax benefits as well as the retroactive adoption of full-year 2015 R&D tax credits which collectively contributed $7.2 million or $0.20 per share last year.
Turning to pension and stock compensation expense, in the fourth quarter of 2016, pension income was $0.6 million compared with pension expense of $1.1 million and for reference our pension which is primarily for legacy retirees remains fully funded.
Stock option compensation expense was $2.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared with $2.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2015.
Finally turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2017 will be in the range of $1.15 to $1.17 per share and for the full-year 2017 our earnings per share outlook is $5.40 to $5.50.
The 2017 full-year effective tax rate excluding any discrete items is expected to be 28.0%. Please note that our current outlook excludes e2v and corresponding transactional related expenses.
I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian
Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Alan, if you're ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Absolutely. [Operator Instructions].
We will go first to the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Go ahead.
Greg Konrad
Good morning. You had in digital imaging you had mentioned that backlog was up and you expected better volumes for DOD going into 2017. Can you maybe discuss what drove that backlog increase and maybe the cadence of some of that backlog turning to revenues?
Robert Mehrabian
Good morning, Greg. Thank you. There are really two areas. The first one is as you may recall we make laser spectacles for laser eye protection and we have a fairly large program with the Air Force on that which we announced last year.
The second one, the second area which is of great interest to us is in the national space or what we refer to as classified programs. Historically we have not participated very strongly in that domain and we have made some really very good strides in introducing new infrared sensors and detectors in that -- in those businesses. So those two are the primary drivers. We also have of course significant other programs but in terms of new increases, those would be the ones.
Greg Konrad
Thank you. And then just in oil and gas, the comps obviously are better in 2017, what are you seeing in terms of order activity and is it too early to call the bottom and may be modest growth or flat going from here?

Robert Mehrabian
I think right now if you listen to everyone, people think that at least in the oil and gas domain, we probably have been or close to have or have hit bottom. And for example, the number of subsidiaries that are used in exploration and production especially production, they were at the lowest level in 2016 and are expected to grow somewhat in 2017.
Our overall book-to-bill in the marine business was about 0.96 for the year. So we still think there might be a little difficulty in the comps but nothing like we experienced this past year because -- partially because what has happened to our marine businesses is oil and gas back in 2014 used to be 60% of those businesses and science, construction, defense, security, and other businesses that we have underwater were 40%.
With the serious declines that we've seen in the last two years that has flipped over, so oil and gas is more like 40% and the remainder of our marine businesses are 60%. And as I mentioned in my earlier comments, our defense businesses in the marine domain are improving and we have really long-term contract. So I think the comparisons are going to be easier obviously. We might see a little downside but everybody is predicting a pickup in late 2017.
Greg Konrad
Thank you. And then just quick housekeeping sorry if I missed this but what is your assumption for pension income in 2017 versus 2016? And then also do you have any restructuring included in the 2017 numbers?
Robert Mehrabian
I think in the pension we anticipate that discount rate will go down but we know it's going to go down so much. So overall I would say the 30 or 40 basis points will drive our pension income down by about a nickel.
On the second part of the question I don't -- we don't have any restructuring charges. Greg, as you know in our history, we've always have been a GAAP company, GAAP, everything has been GAAP; we've always kind of swallowed our one-time charges, restructuring charges, and also acquisition charges. The only thing I anticipate in 2017 is significant from our perspective, significant charges related to acquisition of e2v and that could be significant for us, it could be as much as $30 million which we probably cannot totally absorb as we have with our previous [indiscernible] acquisitions.
Operator
We'll go next to line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti
Hi, good morning. Couple of questions Robert I'd be interested in your perspective on e2v acquisition, what is it that really excites you about the business and given that there is a similar portfolio of businesses of e2v, how should we think about the speed with which this business can be integrated?
Robert Mehrabian
Let me start by saying that while the businesses are similar they're very complimentary. For example, Jim, in the sensor domain our focus historically has been and our strength have been in infrared sensors. For example we practically or the major player in infrared sensors, both sensors, both for space imaging as well as drawn based astronomy. e2v is exactly the mirror image of us expect they are in the visible imaging domain, actually the seven or eight programs that currently aware of that we acted in, we provide the infrared images, sensors, detectors, and they provide the visible detectors.
The same is true in a number of other businesses including machine vision. We're strong in certain areas of machine vision especially in CCDs and some CMOS but they're much stronger in complementary metal oxide semiconductors, and more importantly, they are very strong in two dimensional imaging which is larger market for machine vision.
And then, finally in the medical arena, our strength are in detectors. We need to reduce CMOS detectors that are the most sensitive detectors that reduce the amount of X-ray exposure to the patient and are much more sensitive in terms of the quality of the pictures that you get. They on the other hand are the leading providers of magnetrons which are essentially electronic accelerators or microwave accelerators by traveling wave tubes, except they impinge on a constant substrate and produce x-rays that are used for cancer treatment. So in that area we have probably a lot of common customers.

When you do radiography, you also want to do complementary imaging to make sure that you are not damaging surrounding pieces. So those are some observations about the complementary nature of our businesses.
In terms of integration, I feel very comfortable about that for the following reasons. First, they're a public company so they have a very well documented financial and other processes. And second, we have already acquired two fairly large companies LeCroy and Dalsa in the last five years and we've been able to integrate those very successfully relatively quickly and the margins in both of those large acquisitions have more than doubled in the interim period. So I think we would integrate this acquisition assuming we're successful, we have some more hurdles to pass in terms of regulatory hurdles. I think we will integrate this successfully in 2017.
Jim Ricchiuti
Thanks. That's helpful. And just with respect to the existing business, Robert, can you give us a perhaps feel for how we might think about the growth across the four business units. I think you've given us some color as to how we should think about marine instrumentation but digital imaging and showed decent growth in Q4 I'm not sure what was organic in that and you also saw good growth in the electronic test and measurement business but again I don't know how much of that was organic. Can you give us feel as to how we might think about growth broadly in across some of the business units?
Robert Mehrabian
Of course, let me actually just go down the list for you, if I may organically overall in the instrument businesses which would include environmental test and measurement and marine, I would say in 2017 organically the growth would be about 3%. In digital imaging, it should be higher perhaps as much as 4% to 5%. In aerospace and defense, it could be closer to instruments 3% to 3.5% and we have a really good backlog in our engineered systems and I expect that in there -- in that domain our upside can be closer to five.
When you roll all of that, I think the overall organically, we should have 3% to 4%. We do have some acquisitions from 2016 that we should enjoy a little the full-year benefits of those, those may add another percent. So when you do the math, Jim, I think we're talking about 4% to 5% all in, that's excluding e2v.
Jim Ricchiuti
Okay and that's really helpful. So the optimism that you have entering 2017 has really based it sounds like on both what you are seeing in both the commercial and government business, I think that's kind of what you've been saying as well. So it sounds like on the commercial side perhaps a little bit more positive but you are seeing I guess fairly good order intake in the engineered systems business.
Robert Mehrabian
Yes, we do. We have a good backlog there. We have stronger expect, strong we know exactly how many missile engines we're going to be making in 2017, it's going to be one of our better years in recent history. We have good backlog in our shallow water and underwater vehicles for our special operations and we feel good and this is as good as we've felt about our overall business portfolio in a very, very long time.
Operator
We will go now to the line of George Godfrey with CLK. Go ahead please.
George Godfrey
Thank you. I just want to follow-up on the organic growth and thank you Robert for the commentary outlook on how it looks for 2017. Can you just run through over the full-year 2016 organic growth figures by those four product lines?
Robert Mehrabian
I think mainly in 2016, if I had to -- let me start with marine because that was obviously the big negative for us right. We were down almost 32% from 2015 to 2016 for a hefty $196 million. If you look at our overall decline year-over-year in revenue, it was actually less than that. So marine declined significantly everything else together actually grew a little bit maybe $20 million, $25 million.

Our environmental businesses were relatively flat; we had ups and downs as I'd say overall it was a wash. Our test and measurement was up about 2%, 2.5%, digital imaging I'm talking organic only. Digital imaging was up about 2.5%. If you throw in our acquisitions and it was higher than that. Our engineered systems was down about 5%, 5%, 6% but I'm not concerned about that only as I mentioned because we had really strong -- we've had really strong orders, it's just I know everybody talked about timing but in this case I can assure you it was timing.
So aerospace and defense electronics was a really strong performer, it was up about 5%, with our avionics business up about almost 18% which this is the business that provides data acquisition on commercial aircraft and that's been a very strong performer, almost made up for the decline that we had in terms of earnings in our marine businesses. I hope that's helpful.
George Godfrey
Yes that's great, Robert. Thank you very much for that detail. And then the last question, just looking at the free cash flow conversion this year based on net income was 131%, 83% last year. So what do you target for free cash flow conversion in 2017 as it relates to net income?
Sue Main
About even, about same as this year little -- about little less from a percentage point of view.
Operator
[Operator Instructions].
We will go next to line of Ben Klieve with Noble Capital Markets. Go ahead.
Ben Klieve
All right, thanks for taking my questions. Just got a couple follow-up questions. First of all regarding your commentary earlier on the energy sector, I'm curious when you think that business may shift from stabilization to growth, is that going to require, in your estimate, further increases in oil prices or do you think just for long stability in the energy market could facilitate growth as you look right into 2017 or 2018 and beyond?
Robert Mehrabian
Ben, if I'm correct, if I'm going to go to oil and gas specifically, I think what's happened is the declines have been very significant and the prognosis right now is that everything is stabilizing. With oil price prices hovering in the 50-plus-dollar range close to $53 on West Texas intermediate, what that does is it helps really the first 11 days fracking businesses which have breakeven prices of about $50 a barrel and we're seeing already recurrence go up, we do have some land based products there, so we're enjoying some of that.
When you go to the ocean, then the breakeven prices there shallow water is closer to 60 bucks a barrel, deepwater which is between 1,000 to 5,000 feet is about 65-plus-dollars per barrel or actually maybe $70, $75 per barrel. It's the very deepwater interestingly, it's better; it's closer to 65% because the reservoirs are larger. And the breakeven is lower than deepwater. So having said all of that, a lot of our products going to deepwater and ultra deepwater which would be over 5,000 feet, and we think that source CapEx will probably not improve until later in 2017 or 2018. We're seeing some pick up but nothing like we had in prior years. And so I think you summed it up correctly the future we think is going to be for us in deepwater and ultra deepwater.
The only other thing I will add is that we don't supply directly to the final customers like Shell or BP. We supply to intermediate customers that provide for example trees on the water, Christmas trees for oil production et cetera. And we have frame agreements now develop with those customers to be able enjoy 70% to 75% of their businesses going forward. Those frame agreements are of course are based on the fact that we have unique capabilities in products. So I think when it does come back we're going to be really good posture. I hope that answers your questions there.

Ben Klieve
Yes, very much thank you for commentary. One other quick question I know regarding the e2v acquisition given the regulatory issue that you can't really comment too much but you said that integration would hopefully occur in 2017. I'm wondering if you think its regarding the timing of that I mean are you expecting that in the near to near term or do you think that could be more second half event, can you give any kind of context regarding timing?
Robert Mehrabian
I think right now we expect to close in the first half of the year. But I'm hopeful that we would be able to do it in the first quarter. The regulatory hurdles are really they've already had the general shareholder meeting that both have be successfully achieved. We do have summit Botox cut [indiscernible] in this country. They have some German, French and U.K authorities that have to clear it. And then finally of course we have to have a court hearing in the UK. I'm very hopeful that we can -- we will be able to close this by the end of the first quarter but we certainly expect if everything goes right that we would be able to do this by in the first six months. We don't really know what the outcomes of this various questions that were getting are going to be.
Ben Klieve
Perfect. Thank you very much for the time. I'll jump back in queue.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions].
Robert Mehrabian
Alan, thank you. I think we exhausted that if it's okay then what I would like to do is turn the call over Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees
Thanks, Robert, and again thanks everyone for joining us today. If you do have a follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. All our news release are available on our website teledyne.com. I want to conclude the call to get the replay information we would appreciate it. Thanks everyone.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay beginning at 10:00 AM Pacific Standard Time today February 2, 2017, until March 2, 2017, at 11.59 PM. During that time you may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 or internationally by dialing area code (320) 365-3844 and entering the access code 415431.
Those numbers again 1 (800) 475-6701 and area code (320) 365-3844 with the access code 415431 and that will conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Industrial Goods, Aerospace/Defense Products & Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All TDY TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1e952250-6fea-11e7-8604-e7cf5baf844f
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #1ebf1880-6fea-11e7-8959-0f814d658c1d
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          













Robert Mehrabian








































Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar
Intelligence Community NewsBreaking news about the market for products, systems and services for the U.S. intelligence communityHeader Right Your source for breaking news from across the intelligence community contracting landscape, delivered daily

Main navigationRobert MehrabianTeledyne completes acquisition of e2v
March 29, 2017 by Loren Blinde Teledyne Technologies Incorporated of Thousand Oaks, CA and e2v technologies plc of the United Kingdom jointly announced on March 28 the successful completion of the previously announced acquisition by Teledyne of e2v by means of a Scheme of Arrangement.

For the machine vision market, e2v … [Read more...] about Teledyne completes acquisition of e2vTeledyne wins major supply award for OneWeb’s global satellite constellation
June 6, 2016 by Loren Blinde Teledyne Technologies Incorporated announced on June 3 that its Shipley, United Kingdom-based Teledyne Defence business unit, part of its Teledyne Microwave Solutions group, has been awarded a major supply contract by OneWeb Satellites to support its initiative to deploy 900 small satellites … [Read more...] about Teledyne wins major supply award for OneWeb’s global satellite constellationTeledyne to acquire CARIS
April 11, 2016 by Loren Blinde Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, based in Thousand Oaks, CA, (“Teledyne”) and New Brunswick-based CARIS jointly announced on April 8 that the CARIS business and its international affiliates (collectively, “CARIS”) have agreed to be acquired by a wholly-owned subsidiary of Teledyne. CARIS, … [Read more...] about Teledyne to acquire CARISMike Read appointed president of Teledyne Marine
September 6, 2015 by Loren Blinde Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, of Thousand Oaks, CA,  announced September 3 the promotion of Mike Read to the position of President of Teledyne Marine, effective September 7, 2015.

Reporting to Al Pichelli, Executive Vice President of Teledyne for the Instrumentation and Aerospace and … [Read more...] about Mike Read appointed president of Teledyne MarineTeledyne awarded $15 million contract for space-based imagery
July 21, 2015 by Loren Blinde Teledyne Technologies Incorporated of Thousand Oaks, CA announced on July 20 that its subsidiary, Teledyne Brown Engineering, Inc., has entered into an agreement, valued at $15 million over a multi-year period, with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for the provision of … [Read more...] about Teledyne awarded $15 million contract for space-based imageryTeledyne increases Ownership Stake in Ocean Aero
July 5, 2015 by Loren Blinde Teledyne Technologies Incorporated of Thousand Oaks, CA announced on July 2 that it has invested additional capital and increased its ownership interest in Ocean Aero, Inc. to approximately 37 percent. Based in San Diego, California, Ocean Aero is designing unmanned surface vehicles that will also … [Read more...] about Teledyne increases Ownership Stake in Ocean AeroTeledyne acquires remaining interest in Optech
May 5, 2015 by Loren Blinde Teledyne Technologies Incorporated of Thousand Oaks, CA announced April 30 that its subsidiary, Teledyne DALSA, Inc., acquired the remaining minority interest in the parent company of Optech Incorporated, bringing its ownership interest to 100%. Terms of the transaction were not … [Read more...] about Teledyne acquires remaining interest in OptechPrimary SidebarSign up for our FREE daily e-newsletter
Sign Up NowFor Email Newsletters you can trust.

Search
Search this website
Register for the GEOINT & Open Source Analytics Summit
Defense Strategies Institute will hold the 2nd GEOINT & Open Source Analytics Summit on September 19-20, 2017. Early registration is going on now, and seating is limited. Register today!

ICN announces partnership with GTSC
Intelligence Community News is proud to partner with the Government Technology and Services Coalition, the leading industry organization dedicated to driving innovation and helping small and mid-size companies do business with the U.S. Intelligence Community. Intelligence Community News readers who become members of GTSC will gain access to exclusive bonuses, and ICN will work with GTSC to promote private sector innovation.  

News Categories
News Categories
Select Category
Biz Opps
Category #1
   Sub Category 1.1
      Sub Category 2.1
         Sub Category 3.1
         Sub Category 3.2
         Sub Category 3.3
      Sub Category 2.2
      Sub Category 2.3
   Sub Category 1.2
   Sub Category 1.3
Category #2
Category #3
Category #4
Category #5
Company News
Congress
Contract Awards
Entertainment
   Celebrities
   Movies
   Television
Intel Agencies
International
Music
   Alternative
   Country
   Hip Hop
   Rock & Roll
People
Policies
Politics
   Campaigns
   Issues
Products & Services
Programs
Sports
   Baseball
   Basketball
   Football
Technology
   Cameras
   Gadgets
Uncategorized



Recent Comments
Loren Blinde on Army posts RFI for CECOM SEC supportBob D on Army posts RFI for CECOM SEC supportBob Walther on IARPA posts draft BAA for Ithildin programThomas on Michael Ryan joins DHPC Technologies as director of cyber electro-magnetic activitiesCherif Lefevre on DIA Director for Analysis briefs Congress on tradecraft
Our recent articles
Our recent articles

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 January 2013 


Tags
AFRL BAA
Air Force Research Laboratory
Army RFI
BAE Systems
Boeing
C4ISR
CACI
CIA
cybersecurity
DARPA
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
Defense Intelligence Agency
Department of Homeland Security
Engility
GEOINT
Harris
Harris Corporation
House Intelligence Committee
IARPA
Inc.
intel community
Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity
Intelligence Community
intelligence surveillance reconnaissance
ISR
James Clapper
John Mengucci
Ken Asbury
Kratos Defense
Leidos
Lockheed Martin
MacAulay-Brown
MacB
ManTech
Mercury Systems
metered
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency
National Security Agency
NGA
Northrop Grumman
ODNI
Office of the Director of National Intelligence
Raytheon
SAIC
SPAWAR

Secondary SidebarIC Industry Spotlight
Introducing a new feature of Intelligence Community News, the IC Industry Spotlight. Want to see your organization here? Learn how.


























Robert Mehrabian










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











Robert MehrabianBorn: 31-Jul-1941Birthplace: Tehran, IranGender: MaleRace or Ethnicity: Middle EasternOccupation: BusinessParty Affiliation: RepublicanNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: CEO of Teledyne    High School: Phillips Exeter Academy    University: BS, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1964)    University: ScD, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1968)    Professor: Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1968-75)    Professor: Metallurgy & Mechanical Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (1975-79)    Administrator: Dean of Engineering, University of California at Santa Barbara (1983-90)    Administrator: President, Carnegie Mellon University (1990-97)    Teledyne President & CEO (1999-)
    Teledyne EVP (1998-99)
    Teledyne Senior VP Aerospace and Electronics (1997-98)
    National Institute of Standards and Technology Director, Center for Materials Science (1979-83)    Member of the Board of Teledyne Chairman (2000-)
    Member of the Board of Teledyne (1999-)
    Member of the Board of Bank of New York Mellon (2007-)
    Member of the Board of PPG Industries (1992-)
    Member of the Board of Mellon Financial (1994-2007)
    Alcoa Science and Technology Council
    American Society of Metals International Life Member
    Bush-Cheney '04     John McCain 2008     McCain-Palin Victory 2008     National Academy of Engineering     Armenian Ancestry 





New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


Robert Mehrabian


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERUK Line of SuccessionRobert MehrabianRequires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsAmerican BusinessEngineeringHelix Fossil







Albert Mehrabian - Wikipedia





















 






Albert Mehrabian

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The neutrality of this article is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please do not remove this message until conditions to do so are met. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Albert Mehrabian (born 1939 to an Armenian family in Iran), currently Professor Emeritus of Psychology, UCLA, has become known best by his publications on the relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages. His findings on inconsistent messages of feelings and attitudes have been misquoted and misinterpreted throughout human communication seminars worldwide, and have also become known as the 7%-38%-55% Rule, for the relative impact of words, tone of voice, and body language when speaking. Mehrabian also constructed a number of psychological measures including the Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale.[1]




Contents


1 Attitudes and congruence
2 Misinterpretation
3 Criticism
4 See also
5 References
6 Further reading
7 External links



Attitudes and congruence[edit]
According to Mehrabian,[2] the three elements account differently for our liking for the person who puts forward a message concerning their feelings: words account for 7%, tone of voice accounts for 38%, and body language accounts for 55% of the liking.
For effective and meaningful communication about emotions, these three parts of the message need to support each other - they have to be "congruent". In case of any incongruence, the receiver of the message might be irritated by two messages coming from two different channels, giving cues in two different directions.
The following example should help illustrate incongruence in verbal and non-verbal communication.

Verbal: "I do not have a problem with you!"
Non-verbal: person avoids eye-contact, looks anxious, has a closed body language, etc.

It becomes more likely that the receiver will trust the predominant form of communication, which to Mehrabian's findings is the non-verbal impact of tone+gestures (38% + 55%), rather than the literal meaning of the words (7%). This is known as "the 7%-38%-55% Rule".
It is important to say that in the respective study, Mehrabian conducted experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like-dislike), and that the above, disproportionate influence of tone of voice and body language becomes effective only when the situation is ambiguous. Such ambiguity appears mostly when the words spoken are inconsistent with the tone of voice or body language of the speaker (sender).
Misinterpretation[edit]
This "7%-38%-55% rule" has been widely misinterpreted. It is often claimed that in any communication, the meaning of a message is conveyed mainly by non-verbal cues, not by the meaning of words. This generalization from the initially very specific conditions in his experiments is the common mistake made in relation to Mehrabian's rule. On his website, Mehrabian clearly states:

"Total Liking = 7% Verbal Liking + 38% Vocal Liking + 55% Facial Liking. Please note that this and other equations regarding relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages were derived from experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like–dislike). Unless a communicator is talking about their feelings or attitudes, these equations are not applicable. Also see references 286 and 305 in Silent Messages – these are the original sources of my findings."[3]

Criticism[edit]
The "7%-38%-55%" rule is based on two studies reported in the 1967 papers "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications"[4] and "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels".[5] Both dealt with the communication of positive or negative emotions via single spoken words, like "dear" or "terrible". The first study compared the relative importance of the semantic meaning of the word with the tone of voice, and found that the latter was much more influential. The second study dealt with facial expressions (shown in black-and-white photographs) and vocal tone (as heard in a tape recording), and found that the relative contributions of the two communication channels had the ratio 3:2. Mehrabian then combined the results of the two studies to obtain the ratio 7:38:55.
There are several limitations of the study's applicability to real life, which are largely ignored when the study is now cited outside a scientific context and contribute to the misinterpretation above. First, it is based on the judgment of the meaning of single tape of recorded words, i.e., a very artificial context. Second, the figures are obtained by combining results from two different studies which are inappropriately combined. Third, it relates only to the communication of positive versus negative emotions. Fourth, it relates only to women, as men did not participate in the study. Fifth, other types of nonverbal communication, e.g., body posture, were not included in the studies.
Since then, other studies have analyzed the relative contributions of verbal and nonverbal signals under more naturalistic situations. One in 1970, using video tapes shown to the subjects, analyzed the communication of submissive/dominant attitude and found that all types of non-verbal cues combined – especially body posture – had 4.3 times the effect of verbal cues.[6] On the other hand, another in 1992, dealing with the communication of happy/sad mood, found that hearing words spoken in a "flat" voice was about 4 times more influential than facial expressions seen in a film with no sound.[7] Thus, different studies may reach very different conclusions dependent on methodology.
See also[edit]

PAD emotional state model
Bandwagon Effect

References[edit]


^ Boyle, G. J. (1998). Review of Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale. In J. C. Impara & B. S. Plake (Eds.), The thirteenth mental measurements yearbook (pp. 49-50). Lincoln, NE: Buros Institute of Mental Measurements.
^ Mehrabian, Albert (1971). Silent Messages (1st ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert (2009). ""Silent Messages" – A Wealth of Information About Nonverbal Communication (Body Language)". Personality & Emotion Tests & Software: Psychological Books & Articles of Popular Interest. Los Angeles, CA: self-published. Retrieved April 6, 2010. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Wiener, Morton (1967). "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications". Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. 6 (1): 109–114. PMID 6032751. doi:10.1037/h0024532. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Ferris, Susan R. (1967). "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels". Journal of Consulting Psychology. 31 (3): 248–252. PMID 6046577. doi:10.1037/h0024648. 
^ Argyle, Michael; Salter, Veronica; Nicholson, Hilary; Williams, Marylin; Burgess, Philip (1970). "The Communication of Inferior and Superior Attitudes by Verbal and Non-verbal Signals". British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 9 (3): 222–231. doi:10.1111/j.2044-8260.1970.tb00668.x. 
^ Hsee, Christopher K.; Hatfield, Elaine; Chemtob, Claude (1992). "Assessments of the Emotional States of Others: Conscious Judgments versus Emotional Contagion". Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 11 (2): 119–128. doi:10.1521/jscp.1992.11.2.119. 


Further reading[edit]

Mehrabian, Albert (1981). Silent Messages: Implicit Communication of Emotions and Attitudes (2nd ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
Mehrabian, Albert (1972). Nonverbal Communication. Chicago, IL: Aldine-Atherton. ISBN 0-202-30966-5. 

External links[edit]

Albert Mehrabian's web site
Analysis of misconceptions about Mehrabian's research
Review of post-Mehrabian research and findings
Professor Emeritus, Department of Psychology, UCLA




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 108378016
LCCN: n79104236
ISNI: 0000 0001 0931 2316
SUDOC: 079913377
NDL: 00449678










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Albert_Mehrabian&oldid=789814824"					
Categories: American psychologistsEmotion psychologistsAmerican people of Armenian descentClark University alumniUniversity of California, Los Angeles facultyLiving people1939 birthsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles needing style editing from July 2016All articles needing style editingNPOV disputes from July 2016All NPOV disputesWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDanskDeutschفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 July 2017, at 19:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Albert Mehrabian - Wikipedia





















 






Albert Mehrabian

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The neutrality of this article is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please do not remove this message until conditions to do so are met. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Albert Mehrabian (born 1939 to an Armenian family in Iran), currently Professor Emeritus of Psychology, UCLA, has become known best by his publications on the relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages. His findings on inconsistent messages of feelings and attitudes have been misquoted and misinterpreted throughout human communication seminars worldwide, and have also become known as the 7%-38%-55% Rule, for the relative impact of words, tone of voice, and body language when speaking. Mehrabian also constructed a number of psychological measures including the Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale.[1]




Contents


1 Attitudes and congruence
2 Misinterpretation
3 Criticism
4 See also
5 References
6 Further reading
7 External links



Attitudes and congruence[edit]
According to Mehrabian,[2] the three elements account differently for our liking for the person who puts forward a message concerning their feelings: words account for 7%, tone of voice accounts for 38%, and body language accounts for 55% of the liking.
For effective and meaningful communication about emotions, these three parts of the message need to support each other - they have to be "congruent". In case of any incongruence, the receiver of the message might be irritated by two messages coming from two different channels, giving cues in two different directions.
The following example should help illustrate incongruence in verbal and non-verbal communication.

Verbal: "I do not have a problem with you!"
Non-verbal: person avoids eye-contact, looks anxious, has a closed body language, etc.

It becomes more likely that the receiver will trust the predominant form of communication, which to Mehrabian's findings is the non-verbal impact of tone+gestures (38% + 55%), rather than the literal meaning of the words (7%). This is known as "the 7%-38%-55% Rule".
It is important to say that in the respective study, Mehrabian conducted experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like-dislike), and that the above, disproportionate influence of tone of voice and body language becomes effective only when the situation is ambiguous. Such ambiguity appears mostly when the words spoken are inconsistent with the tone of voice or body language of the speaker (sender).
Misinterpretation[edit]
This "7%-38%-55% rule" has been widely misinterpreted. It is often claimed that in any communication, the meaning of a message is conveyed mainly by non-verbal cues, not by the meaning of words. This generalization from the initially very specific conditions in his experiments is the common mistake made in relation to Mehrabian's rule. On his website, Mehrabian clearly states:

"Total Liking = 7% Verbal Liking + 38% Vocal Liking + 55% Facial Liking. Please note that this and other equations regarding relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages were derived from experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like–dislike). Unless a communicator is talking about their feelings or attitudes, these equations are not applicable. Also see references 286 and 305 in Silent Messages – these are the original sources of my findings."[3]

Criticism[edit]
The "7%-38%-55%" rule is based on two studies reported in the 1967 papers "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications"[4] and "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels".[5] Both dealt with the communication of positive or negative emotions via single spoken words, like "dear" or "terrible". The first study compared the relative importance of the semantic meaning of the word with the tone of voice, and found that the latter was much more influential. The second study dealt with facial expressions (shown in black-and-white photographs) and vocal tone (as heard in a tape recording), and found that the relative contributions of the two communication channels had the ratio 3:2. Mehrabian then combined the results of the two studies to obtain the ratio 7:38:55.
There are several limitations of the study's applicability to real life, which are largely ignored when the study is now cited outside a scientific context and contribute to the misinterpretation above. First, it is based on the judgment of the meaning of single tape of recorded words, i.e., a very artificial context. Second, the figures are obtained by combining results from two different studies which are inappropriately combined. Third, it relates only to the communication of positive versus negative emotions. Fourth, it relates only to women, as men did not participate in the study. Fifth, other types of nonverbal communication, e.g., body posture, were not included in the studies.
Since then, other studies have analyzed the relative contributions of verbal and nonverbal signals under more naturalistic situations. One in 1970, using video tapes shown to the subjects, analyzed the communication of submissive/dominant attitude and found that all types of non-verbal cues combined – especially body posture – had 4.3 times the effect of verbal cues.[6] On the other hand, another in 1992, dealing with the communication of happy/sad mood, found that hearing words spoken in a "flat" voice was about 4 times more influential than facial expressions seen in a film with no sound.[7] Thus, different studies may reach very different conclusions dependent on methodology.
See also[edit]

PAD emotional state model
Bandwagon Effect

References[edit]


^ Boyle, G. J. (1998). Review of Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale. In J. C. Impara & B. S. Plake (Eds.), The thirteenth mental measurements yearbook (pp. 49-50). Lincoln, NE: Buros Institute of Mental Measurements.
^ Mehrabian, Albert (1971). Silent Messages (1st ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert (2009). ""Silent Messages" – A Wealth of Information About Nonverbal Communication (Body Language)". Personality & Emotion Tests & Software: Psychological Books & Articles of Popular Interest. Los Angeles, CA: self-published. Retrieved April 6, 2010. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Wiener, Morton (1967). "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications". Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. 6 (1): 109–114. PMID 6032751. doi:10.1037/h0024532. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Ferris, Susan R. (1967). "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels". Journal of Consulting Psychology. 31 (3): 248–252. PMID 6046577. doi:10.1037/h0024648. 
^ Argyle, Michael; Salter, Veronica; Nicholson, Hilary; Williams, Marylin; Burgess, Philip (1970). "The Communication of Inferior and Superior Attitudes by Verbal and Non-verbal Signals". British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 9 (3): 222–231. doi:10.1111/j.2044-8260.1970.tb00668.x. 
^ Hsee, Christopher K.; Hatfield, Elaine; Chemtob, Claude (1992). "Assessments of the Emotional States of Others: Conscious Judgments versus Emotional Contagion". Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 11 (2): 119–128. doi:10.1521/jscp.1992.11.2.119. 


Further reading[edit]

Mehrabian, Albert (1981). Silent Messages: Implicit Communication of Emotions and Attitudes (2nd ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
Mehrabian, Albert (1972). Nonverbal Communication. Chicago, IL: Aldine-Atherton. ISBN 0-202-30966-5. 

External links[edit]

Albert Mehrabian's web site
Analysis of misconceptions about Mehrabian's research
Review of post-Mehrabian research and findings
Professor Emeritus, Department of Psychology, UCLA




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 108378016
LCCN: n79104236
ISNI: 0000 0001 0931 2316
SUDOC: 079913377
NDL: 00449678










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Albert_Mehrabian&oldid=789814824"					
Categories: American psychologistsEmotion psychologistsAmerican people of Armenian descentClark University alumniUniversity of California, Los Angeles facultyLiving people1939 birthsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles needing style editing from July 2016All articles needing style editingNPOV disputes from July 2016All NPOV disputesWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDanskDeutschفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 July 2017, at 19:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Albert Mehrabian - Wikipedia





















 






Albert Mehrabian

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The neutrality of this article is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please do not remove this message until conditions to do so are met. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Albert Mehrabian (born 1939 to an Armenian family in Iran), currently Professor Emeritus of Psychology, UCLA, has become known best by his publications on the relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages. His findings on inconsistent messages of feelings and attitudes have been misquoted and misinterpreted throughout human communication seminars worldwide, and have also become known as the 7%-38%-55% Rule, for the relative impact of words, tone of voice, and body language when speaking. Mehrabian also constructed a number of psychological measures including the Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale.[1]




Contents


1 Attitudes and congruence
2 Misinterpretation
3 Criticism
4 See also
5 References
6 Further reading
7 External links



Attitudes and congruence[edit]
According to Mehrabian,[2] the three elements account differently for our liking for the person who puts forward a message concerning their feelings: words account for 7%, tone of voice accounts for 38%, and body language accounts for 55% of the liking.
For effective and meaningful communication about emotions, these three parts of the message need to support each other - they have to be "congruent". In case of any incongruence, the receiver of the message might be irritated by two messages coming from two different channels, giving cues in two different directions.
The following example should help illustrate incongruence in verbal and non-verbal communication.

Verbal: "I do not have a problem with you!"
Non-verbal: person avoids eye-contact, looks anxious, has a closed body language, etc.

It becomes more likely that the receiver will trust the predominant form of communication, which to Mehrabian's findings is the non-verbal impact of tone+gestures (38% + 55%), rather than the literal meaning of the words (7%). This is known as "the 7%-38%-55% Rule".
It is important to say that in the respective study, Mehrabian conducted experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like-dislike), and that the above, disproportionate influence of tone of voice and body language becomes effective only when the situation is ambiguous. Such ambiguity appears mostly when the words spoken are inconsistent with the tone of voice or body language of the speaker (sender).
Misinterpretation[edit]
This "7%-38%-55% rule" has been widely misinterpreted. It is often claimed that in any communication, the meaning of a message is conveyed mainly by non-verbal cues, not by the meaning of words. This generalization from the initially very specific conditions in his experiments is the common mistake made in relation to Mehrabian's rule. On his website, Mehrabian clearly states:

"Total Liking = 7% Verbal Liking + 38% Vocal Liking + 55% Facial Liking. Please note that this and other equations regarding relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages were derived from experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like–dislike). Unless a communicator is talking about their feelings or attitudes, these equations are not applicable. Also see references 286 and 305 in Silent Messages – these are the original sources of my findings."[3]

Criticism[edit]
The "7%-38%-55%" rule is based on two studies reported in the 1967 papers "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications"[4] and "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels".[5] Both dealt with the communication of positive or negative emotions via single spoken words, like "dear" or "terrible". The first study compared the relative importance of the semantic meaning of the word with the tone of voice, and found that the latter was much more influential. The second study dealt with facial expressions (shown in black-and-white photographs) and vocal tone (as heard in a tape recording), and found that the relative contributions of the two communication channels had the ratio 3:2. Mehrabian then combined the results of the two studies to obtain the ratio 7:38:55.
There are several limitations of the study's applicability to real life, which are largely ignored when the study is now cited outside a scientific context and contribute to the misinterpretation above. First, it is based on the judgment of the meaning of single tape of recorded words, i.e., a very artificial context. Second, the figures are obtained by combining results from two different studies which are inappropriately combined. Third, it relates only to the communication of positive versus negative emotions. Fourth, it relates only to women, as men did not participate in the study. Fifth, other types of nonverbal communication, e.g., body posture, were not included in the studies.
Since then, other studies have analyzed the relative contributions of verbal and nonverbal signals under more naturalistic situations. One in 1970, using video tapes shown to the subjects, analyzed the communication of submissive/dominant attitude and found that all types of non-verbal cues combined – especially body posture – had 4.3 times the effect of verbal cues.[6] On the other hand, another in 1992, dealing with the communication of happy/sad mood, found that hearing words spoken in a "flat" voice was about 4 times more influential than facial expressions seen in a film with no sound.[7] Thus, different studies may reach very different conclusions dependent on methodology.
See also[edit]

PAD emotional state model
Bandwagon Effect

References[edit]


^ Boyle, G. J. (1998). Review of Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale. In J. C. Impara & B. S. Plake (Eds.), The thirteenth mental measurements yearbook (pp. 49-50). Lincoln, NE: Buros Institute of Mental Measurements.
^ Mehrabian, Albert (1971). Silent Messages (1st ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert (2009). ""Silent Messages" – A Wealth of Information About Nonverbal Communication (Body Language)". Personality & Emotion Tests & Software: Psychological Books & Articles of Popular Interest. Los Angeles, CA: self-published. Retrieved April 6, 2010. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Wiener, Morton (1967). "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications". Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. 6 (1): 109–114. PMID 6032751. doi:10.1037/h0024532. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Ferris, Susan R. (1967). "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels". Journal of Consulting Psychology. 31 (3): 248–252. PMID 6046577. doi:10.1037/h0024648. 
^ Argyle, Michael; Salter, Veronica; Nicholson, Hilary; Williams, Marylin; Burgess, Philip (1970). "The Communication of Inferior and Superior Attitudes by Verbal and Non-verbal Signals". British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 9 (3): 222–231. doi:10.1111/j.2044-8260.1970.tb00668.x. 
^ Hsee, Christopher K.; Hatfield, Elaine; Chemtob, Claude (1992). "Assessments of the Emotional States of Others: Conscious Judgments versus Emotional Contagion". Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 11 (2): 119–128. doi:10.1521/jscp.1992.11.2.119. 


Further reading[edit]

Mehrabian, Albert (1981). Silent Messages: Implicit Communication of Emotions and Attitudes (2nd ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
Mehrabian, Albert (1972). Nonverbal Communication. Chicago, IL: Aldine-Atherton. ISBN 0-202-30966-5. 

External links[edit]

Albert Mehrabian's web site
Analysis of misconceptions about Mehrabian's research
Review of post-Mehrabian research and findings
Professor Emeritus, Department of Psychology, UCLA




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 108378016
LCCN: n79104236
ISNI: 0000 0001 0931 2316
SUDOC: 079913377
NDL: 00449678










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Albert_Mehrabian&oldid=789814824"					
Categories: American psychologistsEmotion psychologistsAmerican people of Armenian descentClark University alumniUniversity of California, Los Angeles facultyLiving people1939 birthsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles needing style editing from July 2016All articles needing style editingNPOV disputes from July 2016All NPOV disputesWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDanskDeutschفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 July 2017, at 19:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Albert Mehrabian - Wikipedia





















 






Albert Mehrabian

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The neutrality of this article is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please do not remove this message until conditions to do so are met. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Albert Mehrabian (born 1939 to an Armenian family in Iran), currently Professor Emeritus of Psychology, UCLA, has become known best by his publications on the relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages. His findings on inconsistent messages of feelings and attitudes have been misquoted and misinterpreted throughout human communication seminars worldwide, and have also become known as the 7%-38%-55% Rule, for the relative impact of words, tone of voice, and body language when speaking. Mehrabian also constructed a number of psychological measures including the Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale.[1]




Contents


1 Attitudes and congruence
2 Misinterpretation
3 Criticism
4 See also
5 References
6 Further reading
7 External links



Attitudes and congruence[edit]
According to Mehrabian,[2] the three elements account differently for our liking for the person who puts forward a message concerning their feelings: words account for 7%, tone of voice accounts for 38%, and body language accounts for 55% of the liking.
For effective and meaningful communication about emotions, these three parts of the message need to support each other - they have to be "congruent". In case of any incongruence, the receiver of the message might be irritated by two messages coming from two different channels, giving cues in two different directions.
The following example should help illustrate incongruence in verbal and non-verbal communication.

Verbal: "I do not have a problem with you!"
Non-verbal: person avoids eye-contact, looks anxious, has a closed body language, etc.

It becomes more likely that the receiver will trust the predominant form of communication, which to Mehrabian's findings is the non-verbal impact of tone+gestures (38% + 55%), rather than the literal meaning of the words (7%). This is known as "the 7%-38%-55% Rule".
It is important to say that in the respective study, Mehrabian conducted experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like-dislike), and that the above, disproportionate influence of tone of voice and body language becomes effective only when the situation is ambiguous. Such ambiguity appears mostly when the words spoken are inconsistent with the tone of voice or body language of the speaker (sender).
Misinterpretation[edit]
This "7%-38%-55% rule" has been widely misinterpreted. It is often claimed that in any communication, the meaning of a message is conveyed mainly by non-verbal cues, not by the meaning of words. This generalization from the initially very specific conditions in his experiments is the common mistake made in relation to Mehrabian's rule. On his website, Mehrabian clearly states:

"Total Liking = 7% Verbal Liking + 38% Vocal Liking + 55% Facial Liking. Please note that this and other equations regarding relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages were derived from experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like–dislike). Unless a communicator is talking about their feelings or attitudes, these equations are not applicable. Also see references 286 and 305 in Silent Messages – these are the original sources of my findings."[3]

Criticism[edit]
The "7%-38%-55%" rule is based on two studies reported in the 1967 papers "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications"[4] and "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels".[5] Both dealt with the communication of positive or negative emotions via single spoken words, like "dear" or "terrible". The first study compared the relative importance of the semantic meaning of the word with the tone of voice, and found that the latter was much more influential. The second study dealt with facial expressions (shown in black-and-white photographs) and vocal tone (as heard in a tape recording), and found that the relative contributions of the two communication channels had the ratio 3:2. Mehrabian then combined the results of the two studies to obtain the ratio 7:38:55.
There are several limitations of the study's applicability to real life, which are largely ignored when the study is now cited outside a scientific context and contribute to the misinterpretation above. First, it is based on the judgment of the meaning of single tape of recorded words, i.e., a very artificial context. Second, the figures are obtained by combining results from two different studies which are inappropriately combined. Third, it relates only to the communication of positive versus negative emotions. Fourth, it relates only to women, as men did not participate in the study. Fifth, other types of nonverbal communication, e.g., body posture, were not included in the studies.
Since then, other studies have analyzed the relative contributions of verbal and nonverbal signals under more naturalistic situations. One in 1970, using video tapes shown to the subjects, analyzed the communication of submissive/dominant attitude and found that all types of non-verbal cues combined – especially body posture – had 4.3 times the effect of verbal cues.[6] On the other hand, another in 1992, dealing with the communication of happy/sad mood, found that hearing words spoken in a "flat" voice was about 4 times more influential than facial expressions seen in a film with no sound.[7] Thus, different studies may reach very different conclusions dependent on methodology.
See also[edit]

PAD emotional state model
Bandwagon Effect

References[edit]


^ Boyle, G. J. (1998). Review of Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale. In J. C. Impara & B. S. Plake (Eds.), The thirteenth mental measurements yearbook (pp. 49-50). Lincoln, NE: Buros Institute of Mental Measurements.
^ Mehrabian, Albert (1971). Silent Messages (1st ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert (2009). ""Silent Messages" – A Wealth of Information About Nonverbal Communication (Body Language)". Personality & Emotion Tests & Software: Psychological Books & Articles of Popular Interest. Los Angeles, CA: self-published. Retrieved April 6, 2010. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Wiener, Morton (1967). "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications". Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. 6 (1): 109–114. PMID 6032751. doi:10.1037/h0024532. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Ferris, Susan R. (1967). "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels". Journal of Consulting Psychology. 31 (3): 248–252. PMID 6046577. doi:10.1037/h0024648. 
^ Argyle, Michael; Salter, Veronica; Nicholson, Hilary; Williams, Marylin; Burgess, Philip (1970). "The Communication of Inferior and Superior Attitudes by Verbal and Non-verbal Signals". British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 9 (3): 222–231. doi:10.1111/j.2044-8260.1970.tb00668.x. 
^ Hsee, Christopher K.; Hatfield, Elaine; Chemtob, Claude (1992). "Assessments of the Emotional States of Others: Conscious Judgments versus Emotional Contagion". Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 11 (2): 119–128. doi:10.1521/jscp.1992.11.2.119. 


Further reading[edit]

Mehrabian, Albert (1981). Silent Messages: Implicit Communication of Emotions and Attitudes (2nd ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
Mehrabian, Albert (1972). Nonverbal Communication. Chicago, IL: Aldine-Atherton. ISBN 0-202-30966-5. 

External links[edit]

Albert Mehrabian's web site
Analysis of misconceptions about Mehrabian's research
Review of post-Mehrabian research and findings
Professor Emeritus, Department of Psychology, UCLA




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 108378016
LCCN: n79104236
ISNI: 0000 0001 0931 2316
SUDOC: 079913377
NDL: 00449678










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Albert_Mehrabian&oldid=789814824"					
Categories: American psychologistsEmotion psychologistsAmerican people of Armenian descentClark University alumniUniversity of California, Los Angeles facultyLiving people1939 birthsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles needing style editing from July 2016All articles needing style editingNPOV disputes from July 2016All NPOV disputesWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDanskDeutschفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 July 2017, at 19:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Albert Mehrabian - Wikipedia





















 






Albert Mehrabian

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The neutrality of this article is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please do not remove this message until conditions to do so are met. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Albert Mehrabian (born 1939 to an Armenian family in Iran), currently Professor Emeritus of Psychology, UCLA, has become known best by his publications on the relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages. His findings on inconsistent messages of feelings and attitudes have been misquoted and misinterpreted throughout human communication seminars worldwide, and have also become known as the 7%-38%-55% Rule, for the relative impact of words, tone of voice, and body language when speaking. Mehrabian also constructed a number of psychological measures including the Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale.[1]




Contents


1 Attitudes and congruence
2 Misinterpretation
3 Criticism
4 See also
5 References
6 Further reading
7 External links



Attitudes and congruence[edit]
According to Mehrabian,[2] the three elements account differently for our liking for the person who puts forward a message concerning their feelings: words account for 7%, tone of voice accounts for 38%, and body language accounts for 55% of the liking.
For effective and meaningful communication about emotions, these three parts of the message need to support each other - they have to be "congruent". In case of any incongruence, the receiver of the message might be irritated by two messages coming from two different channels, giving cues in two different directions.
The following example should help illustrate incongruence in verbal and non-verbal communication.

Verbal: "I do not have a problem with you!"
Non-verbal: person avoids eye-contact, looks anxious, has a closed body language, etc.

It becomes more likely that the receiver will trust the predominant form of communication, which to Mehrabian's findings is the non-verbal impact of tone+gestures (38% + 55%), rather than the literal meaning of the words (7%). This is known as "the 7%-38%-55% Rule".
It is important to say that in the respective study, Mehrabian conducted experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like-dislike), and that the above, disproportionate influence of tone of voice and body language becomes effective only when the situation is ambiguous. Such ambiguity appears mostly when the words spoken are inconsistent with the tone of voice or body language of the speaker (sender).
Misinterpretation[edit]
This "7%-38%-55% rule" has been widely misinterpreted. It is often claimed that in any communication, the meaning of a message is conveyed mainly by non-verbal cues, not by the meaning of words. This generalization from the initially very specific conditions in his experiments is the common mistake made in relation to Mehrabian's rule. On his website, Mehrabian clearly states:

"Total Liking = 7% Verbal Liking + 38% Vocal Liking + 55% Facial Liking. Please note that this and other equations regarding relative importance of verbal and nonverbal messages were derived from experiments dealing with communications of feelings and attitudes (i.e., like–dislike). Unless a communicator is talking about their feelings or attitudes, these equations are not applicable. Also see references 286 and 305 in Silent Messages – these are the original sources of my findings."[3]

Criticism[edit]
The "7%-38%-55%" rule is based on two studies reported in the 1967 papers "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications"[4] and "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels".[5] Both dealt with the communication of positive or negative emotions via single spoken words, like "dear" or "terrible". The first study compared the relative importance of the semantic meaning of the word with the tone of voice, and found that the latter was much more influential. The second study dealt with facial expressions (shown in black-and-white photographs) and vocal tone (as heard in a tape recording), and found that the relative contributions of the two communication channels had the ratio 3:2. Mehrabian then combined the results of the two studies to obtain the ratio 7:38:55.
There are several limitations of the study's applicability to real life, which are largely ignored when the study is now cited outside a scientific context and contribute to the misinterpretation above. First, it is based on the judgment of the meaning of single tape of recorded words, i.e., a very artificial context. Second, the figures are obtained by combining results from two different studies which are inappropriately combined. Third, it relates only to the communication of positive versus negative emotions. Fourth, it relates only to women, as men did not participate in the study. Fifth, other types of nonverbal communication, e.g., body posture, were not included in the studies.
Since then, other studies have analyzed the relative contributions of verbal and nonverbal signals under more naturalistic situations. One in 1970, using video tapes shown to the subjects, analyzed the communication of submissive/dominant attitude and found that all types of non-verbal cues combined – especially body posture – had 4.3 times the effect of verbal cues.[6] On the other hand, another in 1992, dealing with the communication of happy/sad mood, found that hearing words spoken in a "flat" voice was about 4 times more influential than facial expressions seen in a film with no sound.[7] Thus, different studies may reach very different conclusions dependent on methodology.
See also[edit]

PAD emotional state model
Bandwagon Effect

References[edit]


^ Boyle, G. J. (1998). Review of Arousal Seeking Tendency Scale. In J. C. Impara & B. S. Plake (Eds.), The thirteenth mental measurements yearbook (pp. 49-50). Lincoln, NE: Buros Institute of Mental Measurements.
^ Mehrabian, Albert (1971). Silent Messages (1st ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert (2009). ""Silent Messages" – A Wealth of Information About Nonverbal Communication (Body Language)". Personality & Emotion Tests & Software: Psychological Books & Articles of Popular Interest. Los Angeles, CA: self-published. Retrieved April 6, 2010. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Wiener, Morton (1967). "Decoding of Inconsistent Communications". Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. 6 (1): 109–114. PMID 6032751. doi:10.1037/h0024532. 
^ Mehrabian, Albert; Ferris, Susan R. (1967). "Inference of Attitudes from Nonverbal Communication in Two Channels". Journal of Consulting Psychology. 31 (3): 248–252. PMID 6046577. doi:10.1037/h0024648. 
^ Argyle, Michael; Salter, Veronica; Nicholson, Hilary; Williams, Marylin; Burgess, Philip (1970). "The Communication of Inferior and Superior Attitudes by Verbal and Non-verbal Signals". British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 9 (3): 222–231. doi:10.1111/j.2044-8260.1970.tb00668.x. 
^ Hsee, Christopher K.; Hatfield, Elaine; Chemtob, Claude (1992). "Assessments of the Emotional States of Others: Conscious Judgments versus Emotional Contagion". Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. 11 (2): 119–128. doi:10.1521/jscp.1992.11.2.119. 


Further reading[edit]

Mehrabian, Albert (1981). Silent Messages: Implicit Communication of Emotions and Attitudes (2nd ed.). Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. ISBN 0-534-00910-7. 
Mehrabian, Albert (1972). Nonverbal Communication. Chicago, IL: Aldine-Atherton. ISBN 0-202-30966-5. 

External links[edit]

Albert Mehrabian's web site
Analysis of misconceptions about Mehrabian's research
Review of post-Mehrabian research and findings
Professor Emeritus, Department of Psychology, UCLA




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 108378016
LCCN: n79104236
ISNI: 0000 0001 0931 2316
SUDOC: 079913377
NDL: 00449678










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Albert_Mehrabian&oldid=789814824"					
Categories: American psychologistsEmotion psychologistsAmerican people of Armenian descentClark University alumniUniversity of California, Los Angeles facultyLiving people1939 birthsHidden categories: Wikipedia articles needing style editing from July 2016All articles needing style editingNPOV disputes from July 2016All NPOV disputesWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةDanskDeutschفارسیFrançaisItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 July 2017, at 19:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



































ADVANCES in METAL PROCESSING.: John J., Robert Mehrabian and Volker Weiss. (edited by). Burke: Amazon.com: Books


































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks
























































































Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 



























Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest



Link copied!




























Currently unavailable.
We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.






                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      



















Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        





























Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more













ADVANCES in METAL PROCESSING.



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
            
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			
John J., Robert Mehrabian and Volker Weiss. (edited by). Burke

(Author)








Be the first to review this item
















See all 2 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            













Hardcover




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             






                            —
                        


$22.23



















Paperback




"Please retry"







$91.41 








$85.93




$81.25















Hardcover 

    
      
          
        







  
  
    
      
      
        
        





        from $22.23
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    







        
          5 Used from $22.23
        
      





Paperback 


      $91.41
    








        
          3 Used from $81.25
        
      



        
          11 New from $85.93
        
      

































See the Best Books of 2017 So Far
  
Looking for something great to read? Browse our editors' picks for the best books of the year so far in fiction, nonfiction, mysteries, children's books, and much more.
  
  
    





















        ADVANCES in METAL PROCESSING.
    





        
            
            
                Currently unavailable.
                        
        
        
    
    
    
        We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.        
    
    
    
    


    
    
        
            

            
            

            
            

            
            
        
        
    


        























 click to open popover 










Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback





















NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE













      Tell the Publisher!
    

I'd like to read this book on Kindle

    Don't have a Kindle?  Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE  Kindle Reading App.
    










Book AwardsBrowse award-winning titles.  

See more









Product details


Paperback
Publisher: Springer (1981)
ASIN: B000OSTN4W
Average Customer Review: Be the first to review this item
If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?


















Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback











Customer reviewsThere are no customer reviews yet.5 star0%4 star0%3 star0%2 star0%1 star0%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer review










There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started
























        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    


















v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v


























Robert Mehrabian - Wikipedia





















 






Robert Mehrabian

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (February 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Mehrabian (born July 31, 1941, in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-American materials scientist and the Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. During the 1990s he served as the seventh President of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
He was born to Armenian parents in Tehran, where his father owned an aluminum fabrication factory. After 17 years there, he emigrated to the U.S. to attend Phillips Exeter Academy. He earned a B.S. (1964) and Ph.D. (1968) at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in materials science and engineering. After teaching at MIT, he left in 1975 to begin teaching at the University of Illinois from 1975 to 1979. He was Chief of the Metallurgy Division at the National Bureau of Standards from 1979 to 1981, and Director of the Center for Material Science at NBS until 1983, when he left to become Dean of Engineering at University of California, Santa Barbara. Finally, he was president of Carnegie Mellon University from 1990-1998. Carnegie Mellon named its Collaborative Innovation Center, housing industry partner branch offices, after Mehrabian.
After CMU, Mehrabian became involved with Teledyne at its formation in 1999. Prior to the spinoff of the company by Allegheny Technologies (ATI) in November 1999, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of ATI's Aerospace and Electronics segment since July 1999 and had served ATI in various senior executive capacities since July 1997.
He is also a director of Mellon Financial Corporation and PPG Industries.


Academic offices


Preceded by
Richard Cyert
Carnegie Mellon University President
1990 – 1997
Succeeded by
Jared Cohon


References[edit]

Fenton, Edwin (2000). Carnegie Mellon 1900-2000: A Centennial History. Pittsburgh: Carnegie Mellon University Press. ISBN 0-88748-323-2. 







v
t
e


Presidents of Carnegie Mellon University






Arthur Hamerschlag (1903)
Thomas Baker (1922)
Robert Doherty (1936)
John Warner (1950)
Guyford Stever (1965)
Richard Cyert (1972)
Robert Mehrabian (1990)
Jared Cohon (1997)
Subra Suresh (2013)
Farnam Jahanian (interim) (2017)










This biography of an American academic administrator is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This Pittsburgh-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Robert_Mehrabian&oldid=785058704"					
Categories: Presidents of Carnegie Mellon UniversityAmerican university and college presidents1941 birthsLiving peopleAmerican people of Armenian descentAmerican people of Iranian descentMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniUniversity of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign facultyUniversity of California, Santa Barbara facultyIranian emigrants to the United StatesPeople from TehranIranian Armenian peoplePhillips Exeter Academy alumniPPG peopleMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringIranian expatriate academicsAmerican academic administrator stubsPittsburgh stubsHidden categories: Articles lacking in-text citations from February 2013All articles lacking in-text citationsAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 June 2017, at 12:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Robert Mehrabian - Wikipedia





















 






Robert Mehrabian

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (February 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Mehrabian (born July 31, 1941, in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-American materials scientist and the Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. During the 1990s he served as the seventh President of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
He was born to Armenian parents in Tehran, where his father owned an aluminum fabrication factory. After 17 years there, he emigrated to the U.S. to attend Phillips Exeter Academy. He earned a B.S. (1964) and Ph.D. (1968) at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in materials science and engineering. After teaching at MIT, he left in 1975 to begin teaching at the University of Illinois from 1975 to 1979. He was Chief of the Metallurgy Division at the National Bureau of Standards from 1979 to 1981, and Director of the Center for Material Science at NBS until 1983, when he left to become Dean of Engineering at University of California, Santa Barbara. Finally, he was president of Carnegie Mellon University from 1990-1998. Carnegie Mellon named its Collaborative Innovation Center, housing industry partner branch offices, after Mehrabian.
After CMU, Mehrabian became involved with Teledyne at its formation in 1999. Prior to the spinoff of the company by Allegheny Technologies (ATI) in November 1999, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of ATI's Aerospace and Electronics segment since July 1999 and had served ATI in various senior executive capacities since July 1997.
He is also a director of Mellon Financial Corporation and PPG Industries.


Academic offices


Preceded by
Richard Cyert
Carnegie Mellon University President
1990 – 1997
Succeeded by
Jared Cohon


References[edit]

Fenton, Edwin (2000). Carnegie Mellon 1900-2000: A Centennial History. Pittsburgh: Carnegie Mellon University Press. ISBN 0-88748-323-2. 







v
t
e


Presidents of Carnegie Mellon University






Arthur Hamerschlag (1903)
Thomas Baker (1922)
Robert Doherty (1936)
John Warner (1950)
Guyford Stever (1965)
Richard Cyert (1972)
Robert Mehrabian (1990)
Jared Cohon (1997)
Subra Suresh (2013)
Farnam Jahanian (interim) (2017)










This biography of an American academic administrator is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This Pittsburgh-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Robert_Mehrabian&oldid=785058704"					
Categories: Presidents of Carnegie Mellon UniversityAmerican university and college presidents1941 birthsLiving peopleAmerican people of Armenian descentAmerican people of Iranian descentMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniUniversity of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign facultyUniversity of California, Santa Barbara facultyIranian emigrants to the United StatesPeople from TehranIranian Armenian peoplePhillips Exeter Academy alumniPPG peopleMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringIranian expatriate academicsAmerican academic administrator stubsPittsburgh stubsHidden categories: Articles lacking in-text citations from February 2013All articles lacking in-text citationsAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 June 2017, at 12:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Robert Mehrabian - Wikipedia





















 






Robert Mehrabian

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (February 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Mehrabian (born July 31, 1941, in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-American materials scientist and the Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. During the 1990s he served as the seventh President of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
He was born to Armenian parents in Tehran, where his father owned an aluminum fabrication factory. After 17 years there, he emigrated to the U.S. to attend Phillips Exeter Academy. He earned a B.S. (1964) and Ph.D. (1968) at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in materials science and engineering. After teaching at MIT, he left in 1975 to begin teaching at the University of Illinois from 1975 to 1979. He was Chief of the Metallurgy Division at the National Bureau of Standards from 1979 to 1981, and Director of the Center for Material Science at NBS until 1983, when he left to become Dean of Engineering at University of California, Santa Barbara. Finally, he was president of Carnegie Mellon University from 1990-1998. Carnegie Mellon named its Collaborative Innovation Center, housing industry partner branch offices, after Mehrabian.
After CMU, Mehrabian became involved with Teledyne at its formation in 1999. Prior to the spinoff of the company by Allegheny Technologies (ATI) in November 1999, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of ATI's Aerospace and Electronics segment since July 1999 and had served ATI in various senior executive capacities since July 1997.
He is also a director of Mellon Financial Corporation and PPG Industries.


Academic offices


Preceded by
Richard Cyert
Carnegie Mellon University President
1990 – 1997
Succeeded by
Jared Cohon


References[edit]

Fenton, Edwin (2000). Carnegie Mellon 1900-2000: A Centennial History. Pittsburgh: Carnegie Mellon University Press. ISBN 0-88748-323-2. 







v
t
e


Presidents of Carnegie Mellon University






Arthur Hamerschlag (1903)
Thomas Baker (1922)
Robert Doherty (1936)
John Warner (1950)
Guyford Stever (1965)
Richard Cyert (1972)
Robert Mehrabian (1990)
Jared Cohon (1997)
Subra Suresh (2013)
Farnam Jahanian (interim) (2017)










This biography of an American academic administrator is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This Pittsburgh-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Robert_Mehrabian&oldid=785058704"					
Categories: Presidents of Carnegie Mellon UniversityAmerican university and college presidents1941 birthsLiving peopleAmerican people of Armenian descentAmerican people of Iranian descentMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniUniversity of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign facultyUniversity of California, Santa Barbara facultyIranian emigrants to the United StatesPeople from TehranIranian Armenian peoplePhillips Exeter Academy alumniPPG peopleMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringIranian expatriate academicsAmerican academic administrator stubsPittsburgh stubsHidden categories: Articles lacking in-text citations from February 2013All articles lacking in-text citationsAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 June 2017, at 12:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Robert Mehrabian - Wikipedia





















 






Robert Mehrabian

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (February 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Mehrabian (born July 31, 1941, in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-American materials scientist and the Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. During the 1990s he served as the seventh President of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
He was born to Armenian parents in Tehran, where his father owned an aluminum fabrication factory. After 17 years there, he emigrated to the U.S. to attend Phillips Exeter Academy. He earned a B.S. (1964) and Ph.D. (1968) at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in materials science and engineering. After teaching at MIT, he left in 1975 to begin teaching at the University of Illinois from 1975 to 1979. He was Chief of the Metallurgy Division at the National Bureau of Standards from 1979 to 1981, and Director of the Center for Material Science at NBS until 1983, when he left to become Dean of Engineering at University of California, Santa Barbara. Finally, he was president of Carnegie Mellon University from 1990-1998. Carnegie Mellon named its Collaborative Innovation Center, housing industry partner branch offices, after Mehrabian.
After CMU, Mehrabian became involved with Teledyne at its formation in 1999. Prior to the spinoff of the company by Allegheny Technologies (ATI) in November 1999, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of ATI's Aerospace and Electronics segment since July 1999 and had served ATI in various senior executive capacities since July 1997.
He is also a director of Mellon Financial Corporation and PPG Industries.


Academic offices


Preceded by
Richard Cyert
Carnegie Mellon University President
1990 – 1997
Succeeded by
Jared Cohon


References[edit]

Fenton, Edwin (2000). Carnegie Mellon 1900-2000: A Centennial History. Pittsburgh: Carnegie Mellon University Press. ISBN 0-88748-323-2. 







v
t
e


Presidents of Carnegie Mellon University






Arthur Hamerschlag (1903)
Thomas Baker (1922)
Robert Doherty (1936)
John Warner (1950)
Guyford Stever (1965)
Richard Cyert (1972)
Robert Mehrabian (1990)
Jared Cohon (1997)
Subra Suresh (2013)
Farnam Jahanian (interim) (2017)










This biography of an American academic administrator is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This Pittsburgh-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Robert_Mehrabian&oldid=785058704"					
Categories: Presidents of Carnegie Mellon UniversityAmerican university and college presidents1941 birthsLiving peopleAmerican people of Armenian descentAmerican people of Iranian descentMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniUniversity of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign facultyUniversity of California, Santa Barbara facultyIranian emigrants to the United StatesPeople from TehranIranian Armenian peoplePhillips Exeter Academy alumniPPG peopleMembers of the United States National Academy of EngineeringIranian expatriate academicsAmerican academic administrator stubsPittsburgh stubsHidden categories: Articles lacking in-text citations from February 2013All articles lacking in-text citationsAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 June 2017, at 12:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








  

















 
News Alert: Ceremony Naming Collaborative Innovation Center for Robert Mehrabian Postponed -Faculty & Staff News - Carnegie Mellon University



  News Alert: Ceremony Naming Collaborative Innovation Center for Robert Mehrabian Postponed -Faculty & Staff News - Carnegie Mellon University


Carnegie Mellon UniversitySearch Only
            Faculty & Staff News
Submit Carnegie Mellon University Search

 Skip navigation and jump directly to page content

StoriesNews & Notes201620152014201320122011DecemberDecember 15: Vol. 22, No. 23December 8: Vol. 22, No. 22December 1: Vol. 22, No. 21News Alert: Ceremony Naming Collaborative Innovation Center for Robert Mehrabian Postponed Mentoring Program Applications Due Dec. 22Personal MentionNews BriefsNovemberOctoberSeptemberAugustJulyCalendar HighlightsSubmit an EventPublication ArchivesAbout Us

CMU's Social Media Channels  

 

        
    |Faculty & Staff News|
    
               > News & Notes       > 2011       > December       > December 1: Vol. 22, No. 21
      > News Alert: Ceremony Naming Collaborative Innovation Center for Robert Mehrabian Postponed 
      




Monday, December 5, 2011News Alert: Ceremony Naming Collaborative Innovation Center for Robert Mehrabian Postponed The ceremony scheduled for this Wednesday, Dec. 7, to name the Collaborative Innovation Center for former Carnegie Mellon President Robert Mehrabian has been postponed due to a family emergency that demands his full attention. We extend our thoughts and prayers to the Mehrabian family.
The event will be rescheduled at a later date. 
CMU To Name Building for Former President

Carnegie Mellon will name the Collaborative Innovation Center (CIC) on its Pittsburgh campus for its seventh president, Robert Mehrabian, during an 11 a.m. ceremony in the CIC lobby on Wednesday, Dec. 7. All members of the university community are invited to attend the naming ceremony. If you're planning to attend, please RSVP to Kristin Sullivan at 412-268-5139 or kristin@andrew.cmu.edu.
Mehrabian, CMU’s president from 1990-1997, is chairman, president and chief executive officer of Teledyne Technologies, Incorporated.
The Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center recognizes his contributions to economic development in Pittsburgh and to technology commercialization at CMU. The building houses technology research and development offices for Apple, Intel and Disney. It also houses Carnegie Mellon's CREATE Lab — a robotics lab sponsored by Microsoft — and space for Carnegie Mellon CyLab, the university's Information Networking Institute and the CERT® Coordination Center, Carnegie Mellon’s internationally known cybersecurity team.
Driving Economic Development and Tech Transfer
Mehrabian played a vital role in the Regional Economic Revitalization Initiative, which in the 1990s developed a plan for economic development in the greater Pittsburgh area. Mehrabian also is credited with stimulating the university’s technology transfer operation and his efforts helped lead to the development of the Pittsburgh Technology Center, a former mill site that is now a vital stretch of research and development facilities along the Monongahela River.

Efforts like these eventually enabled university and government leaders to successfully obtain funding for the creation of the Collaborative Innovation Center, a business incubator that led to Pittsburgh being named a top technology city by Forbes.com. The facility, which received a Gold LEED rating from the U.S. Green Building Council for its sustainability and energy efficiency, was built in 2005 to provide office and lab space for technology companies wishing to partner with Carnegie Mellon to create innovative new concepts and products for the marketplace. It’s the only building in the world to have housed Google, Intel, Apple, Disney and a Microsoft-sponsored research lab under one roof.

During his presidency, Mehrabian helped lay the groundwork for CMU’s successful technology commercialization efforts. Over the years that followed, Carnegie Mellon faculty and students have worked to create more than 300 companies and 9,000 jobs in the region. Building on the Mehrabian legacy, CMU announced earlier this year a Greenlighting Startups initiative, a portfolio of CMU incubator groups designed to speed innovation from the research lab to the marketplace.
Improving Undergraduate Education and Quality of Life on Campus
Carnegie Mellon continued to climb among the nation's elite universities during Mehrabian’s presidency, making great strides in improving undergraduate education and the quality of life on campus for students, faculty and staff. Enhancements in academic programs and student activities helped student applications soar to more than 13,000 in 1996, more than doubling the amount in Mehrabian's inaugural year in office. Mentoring and advising initiatives and efforts to enhance undergraduate teaching helped to attract high-quality students and greatly improved the student retention rate.

Mehrabian oversaw the completion of the East Campus Project, an ambitious building plan that resulted in a new University Center, two residence halls, Gesling Stadium and a multi-level indoor parking garage. A research facility at the Pittsburgh Technology Center, and the George A. Roberts Engineering Hall were also completed during his tenure. The Intelligent Workplace, a research area for the School of Architecture; the Purnell Center for the Arts, a new home for the School of Drama; and Posner Hall, a facility that doubled the size of the graduate business school were completed as part of the East Campus Project.
Mehrabian Biography
In November 1999, Mehrabian became president and chief executive officer of Teledyne Technologies following its spin-off from Allegheny Technologies. He became chairman of the board in December 2000.

Mehrabian holds bachelor’s and doctor’s of science degrees from MIT. His academic career spanned almost 30 years, starting at MIT in 1968 and concluding as president of Carnegie Mellon in 1997. He left MIT in 1975 as an associate professor. From 1975 to 1979, he was a professor of metallurgy and a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Illinois in Champaign-Urbana. From 1983 to 1990, he served as dean of engineering at the University of California, Santa Barbara.

Mehrabian also spent four years in the Senior Executive Service of the U.S. government. As director of the Center for Materials Science of the Department of Commerce's National Institute of Standards and Technology, he initiated numerous government/industry programs that became models for such cooperative efforts. During his U.C. Santa Barbara and Carnegie Mellon tenures, he spun-off a number of high technology companies. An internationally recognized authority on advanced technologies, Mehrabian served as senior adviser in manufacturing and high technology processes for many Fortune 500 companies.

Mehrabian holds eight U.S. and more than 40 foreign patents. He has authored 139 technical papers and edited six books in the field of materials science and engineering. He has earned numerous honors and awards. A member of the National Academy of Engineering, he was named a fellow and distinguished Life Member of the American Society of Metals International (ASM), a fellow and Leadership Award recipient of the Minerals, Metals and Materials Society, and a winner of the ASM’s Henry Marion Howe Medal. He’s received honorary doctorates from Carnegie Mellon and Chatham University.




Faculty & Staff News5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213412-268-1613CMU AlertHuman ResourcesFaculty/Staff ResourcesUniversity NewsCarnegie Mellon Home





Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
