


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Robert E Mellor - Oviedo, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert E Mellor in Oviedo, FL


Robert E Mellor

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert E Mellor  is  a male between 90 and 100 years old from Oviedo, FL.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Robert E Mellor is in his 90s

Robert Has Lived In

Oviedo, FL
Marietta, GA
Maitland, FL

Robert's Relatives

John Mellor
Marjorie Mellor
Jordan Mellor
Margie Mellor







Robert E Mellor



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert E Mellor
Get a Criminal Check on Robert E Mellor
Get a Public Record Report on Robert E Mellor
Get a People Search Report on Robert E Mellor


Robert E Mellor's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert E Mellor has lived as well as Robert E Mellor's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert E Mellor Has Lived in 2 States
Florida Address for Robert E Mellor


1066 K**** C**** C** 

Oviedo, FL


Has Lived In

Oviedo, FL
Marietta, GA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert E Mellor

(407) ***-**** - Oviedo, FL 
(407) ***-**** - Maitland, FL 
(770) ***-**** - Marietta, GA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert E Mellor



Get Email Report




Robert E Mellor's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert E Mellor


Robert E Mellor's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert E Mellor's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Mellor
Username Matches

                  RobertMellor
                  MellorRobert
                  Robert.Mellor
                  Mellor.Robert
                  Robert_Mellor
                  Mellor_Robert
                  Robert-Mellor
                  Mellor-Robert
                  RMellor
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Mellor







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 






Robert L. Mellor, MD | Tanner Clinic










































About Us
Insurance Accepted
Make A Payment
Patient Information
Patient Portal
Research Studies
 























Providers

Tanner Clinic has a wide variety of specialists who can care for the needs of you and your family. 







Robert L. Mellor, MD


Board-certified surgeon Dr. Robert Lynn Mellor brings many years of training and experience to his position as a specialist in otolaryngology (ear, nose and throat) at Tanner Clinic Layton.
Dr. Mellor joined Tanner Clinic in 1997. His practice focuses on the full spectrum of ENT care, including allergy testing and treatment, head and neck surgery and facial plastic and reconstructive surgery.
Dr. Mellor was born in Laramie, Wyo., and raised in Arkansas. He moved west to earn his B.S. from Brigham Young University. He completed his M.D. at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock.
Post-graduate training was made up of a two-year residency in general surgery at Methodist Healthcare in Memphis, Tenn., followed by a three-year residency in otolaryngology and head and neck surgery at the University of Tennessee Health Science Center, also in Memphis.
Dr. Mellor is a former chief of surgery at Davis Hospital and Medical Center, where he also served as president of the medical staff.
He is a co-founder of Utah Medical Outreach, a charity organization that flies doctors, nurses and medical supplies to rural areas of Guatemala to provide medical and surgical services. Dr. Mellor continues to travel with the nonprofit, which has been making twice-yearly visits since 1989. There, he treats such conditions as cleft lip and palate, hearing loss and ear tumors.
Dr. Mellor is married and the father of four grown children. He is fluent in Spanish.





What patients are saying about Dr. Mellor

“We love him! Our 3-year old shoved something up her nose. The after-hours clinic doctor couldn’t remove it. Dr. Mellor came in after hours when he had somewhere else to be and quickly and skillfully removed it. He was such a blessing to us that day!”   — Tiffany on Facebook, Sept. 3, 2014
“Dr. Mellor is the best! He is blessed with a God-given talent and we as his patients are blessed to have him take care of us. He has skills beyond words. I recommend him with my whole heart. Not only is he a wonderful doctor he is a wonderful person!”   — Paula on Facebook, Sept. 3, 2014
“Dr. Robert Mellor is amazing. Love his patience and his calmness about everything. Wouldn’t go to anyone else!”   —  Amanda on Facebook, March 31, 2014



Utah's Desert-Dry Air an Enemy to Healthy Sinuses, Says ENT Doc

If Dr. Robert Mellor had his way, visitors to Utah would be welcomed by a large road sign that said: “Don’t pick your nose or blow it too hard.”
Utah’s arid air is responsible for many of the problems commonly seen by this Tanner Clinic ear nose and throat specialist. The fact is, he says, most of us who live in the Beehive State have become “nose abusers.”
“Patients will say, ‘Why do I keep getting nose bleeds?’ or ‘Why do I feel so stuffy?’” he said. “Well, we could cure a lot of it just by treating our noses better.”
We can show loving kindness to our noses by keeping them from drying out, Dr. Mellor said. “Very rarely,” he adds, “should people blow their nose without some kind of moisturizing.”
Some problems arise when the dry air — or is it the nose picking? — creates a crusty area or scab in our nose, inflaming the tissue and blocking air. It feels natural to pick up a Kleenex and blow it out, and we feel great for a few hours.
“But that scab just builds up again,” said Dr. Mellor, “so you blow your nose again. If you do that enough, and you pick your nose and you manipulate your nose, you’ll end up with a hole that goes straight through” the septum, which is the cartilage and membrane wall that separates our nostrils.
That chronic ulcer and hole is called a septum perforation, and “it’s a worse problem than you started with,” he said.
Utah’s dry air is the foe
It makes sense that if dry air is the nose’s enemy, moisture is its best friend. Dr. Mellor recommends no hard nose-blows unless you have some kind of moisture on hand.
“As you moisturize your nose, those crusts get thinner,” said Dr. Mellor. “Moisturizing scabs allows them to soften up and fall away, allowing them to heal. Moisture protects the outside (of the crusty area), so it heals from the bottom out.”
Moisture comes in the form of saline sprays and gels. One product comes in an aloe vera-based cream. Plus, salt and water make a common and simple saline solution. Shy away from petroleum jelly, he says. “There are better things than Vaseline.”
He recommends that patients prone to nosebleeds and stuffy noses use saline spray in the morning and before bed.
And don’t blow hard, he says. If you find blood in your tissue, he adds, “you’re blowing way too hard.”
Surgery is the preferred method of treating a perforated septum. An alternative is to place a “button” type patch in the nose, “but very few people can tolerate that,” he said.
The out-patient surgery takes about an hour and requires only a short recovery. “Most people will recover over a weekend and go back to work on Monday,” he said.
Humidifier a cheap alternative to Hawaii
Humidifiers can help keep the nose and sinuses moisturized. If you use them, however, Dr. Mellor recommends cleaning them periodically to remove unpleasant bacteria. He’s not a big fan of whole-house humidifiers because of the difficulty maintaining them. Instead, he says, “People spend most of their time in their bedroom, so if you have a humidifier there, it will help.”
Or, he adds, you could move to Hawaii. “But then you’d start developing mold allergies.”
 



A Dive Too Deep

 A DIVE TOO DEEP — Dr.  Robert Mellor’s draw to ENT  began in the months following  his return home from an LDS  mission. During a swim at a  BYU pool, a very deep dive  (from the high dive) went  wrong. He lost hearing as a result of barotrauma, the damage that results from unequal pressure between the outer and inner ear. In his case, the pressure pushed the eardrum inward and ruptured the membranes inside the middle ear. Most of his hearing — about 70% — returned on its own within a few weeks.
 



In the Media

Dr. Mellor talks about treatment for swimmer’s ear in “Avoid Swimmer’s Ear This Summer”, published by the Standard Examiner on July 7, 2015.





Location

Layton
West Wing, 2nd Floor

Specialty

Sinus surgery
Allergy testing and treatment
Head and neck surgery
Facial plastic and reconstructive surgery
Thyroid and parathyroid conditions

Training and Education

B.S., Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah
M.D., University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, Ark.
Residency in general surgery, Methodist Hospitals of Memphis, and residency in otolaryngology and head/neck surgery, University of Tennessee Center for the Health Sciences, Memphis, Tenn.
Board certified in otolaryngology /head and neck surgery by the American Board of Otolaryngology

Professional History

Practicing physician since 1988
With Tanner Clinic since 1997

Affiliations

Fellow, American Academy of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery
Fellow, American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery
Fellow, American College of Surgeons
Fellow, American Academy of Otolaryngic Allergy

Notable Mentions

Has served at Davis Hospital and Medical Center as chief of surgery and medical staff president, and as a member of the board of directors for Tanner Clinic and Davis Surgical Center
President and co-founder (with Dr. Steven Meek) of Utah Medical Outreach, a non-profit foundation that undertakes medical missions to remote villages in Guatemala; Dr. Mellor continues to make twice-yearly humanitarian visits




 








Call (801) 773-4865 



You can also request an appointment online. You will receive a call from an appointments representative within an hour if submitted during business hours (M-F 8AM - 5PM).




Contact Form


Patient Name*Contact Name*Phone Number*LocationLocationRoyLaytonSyracuseKaysvilleEast LaytonSpecialtySpecialtyAllergyAudiologyDermatologyDieticianEar Nose and Throat (ENT)EndocrinologyFamily MedicineGeneral SurgeryHand SurgeryImagingInternal MedicineInterventional RadiologyNeurologyObstetrics and GynecologyOpthalmologyOptometryOrthopedicsPain ManagementPediatricsPhysical Medicine and RehabilitationPlastic and Cosmetic SurgeryPodiatryPulmonologyReconstructive Plastic SurgeryRheumatologySleep MedicineSpine SurgerySports MedicineUrologyVoice TherapyProviderProviderCritt Aardema, M.D.Gary J. Alexander, M.D.Michael G. Allred, M.D.Khaldoun Al-Rayess, M.D.Marc O. Anderson, M.D.Gregory T. Austad, M.D.Layne Barker, M.D.Mark E. Baxter, M.D.Michael L. Beus, M.D.Glen F. Biddulph, M.D.Scott R. Bishop, M.D.John B. Bitner, M.D.Mark R. Bitner, M.DPaul C. Bruderer, O.D.Jennifer Bunker, PA-CTed H. Burningham, M.D.Brett Burtenshaw, M.D.Bruce F. Burtenshaw, M.D.Warren L. Butler, M.D.Scott Cardon, M.D.Darin D. Checketts, D.O.Scott R. Checketts, M.D.Dustin G. Child, M.D.Sarah A. Chipman, Au.D., CCC-A, F-AAABenjamin D. Christiansen, PsyD, LPRebekah H. Clifford, M.D.Andrew Coles, M.D.David A. Cook, M.DJohnnie V. Cook, M.D.Michael S. Dee, M.D.Michael Derr, D.O.Jonathan A. Donigan, M.D.Brent K. Eberhard, M.D.Bryan D. Ellertson, M.D.Jared Erickson, PA-CRyan N. Evans, M.D.Duane E. Farley, M.D.David D. Farnsworth, M.D.Jason R. Fife, D.O.Sharon Fillerup, M.D.Kurt Flinders, D.O.Todd B. Flitton, D.P.MLindsay Florek, PA-CLaura M. Foot, M.D.Stephen Foote, D.O.Nathan G. Forbush, M.D.Sara Frazier, PA-CLisa Harward, APRNDavin B. Hansen, PA-CCurtis Healy, M.D.Julie Hibbard, M.D.Jason R. Hoagland, M.D.Rachel B. Hobbs, M.D.Jennifer Hogge, M.S., CCC-ABenjamin R. Humpherys, D.O.Adam Hutchinson, M.D.Kenneth W. Jee, M.D.Katherine Jenkins, NPSteven L. Johnson, M.D.Douglas H. Jones, M.D.Patrick Kendell, M.D.Mark D. Kirkham, M.D.Michael D. Kirkham, M.D. (“Dr Mike”)Wade B. Larsen, M.D.Calton C. Law, PA-CJarin Leavitt, M.D.Mark R. Lenthe, D.O.Wes Madsen, M.D.Justin W. Mansfield, M.D.Michael R. Martineau, M.D.Ryan Meacham, M.D.Steven C. Meek, M.D.Robert L. Mellor, M.D.Christine Meyer, PA-CShaun R. Mickelsen, PA-CRyan D. Miller, D.O.D. Glen Morrell, M.D.Stephen L. Morrell, M.D.Jared A. Morris, D.O.Chadd D. Nelson, D.O.Lance Nelson, M.D.Bradley G. Neuenschwander, D.O.Noel C. Nye, D.O.Gary N. Oaks, D.P.M.Jon C.E. Oberg, M.D.Robert E. Owen, M.D.Christopher J. Parr, M.D.Brooks H. Potter, D.P.M.Stacy Probasco, PA-CMichael L. Pulley, PA-CGregory C. Rasmussen, PA-CBrett Rawlins, F.N.P.James R. Reynolds, M.D.Robert S. Rice, M.D.Bryan L. Richards, M.D.Trent Richards, M.D.Mohamed H. Sadiq, M.D.Michael P. Schaelling, M.D.Anna Siciliano, MA, CCC, SLPTeela Sorensen, M.D.Nicole Stapley, DNP-CPNPCamille Stevenson, M.D.Ryan L. Stewart, M.D.Robert A.E. Summerfield, M.D.Kevin S. Sumsion, M.D.Bohus “Bob” Svagr, M.D.R. Robert Taylor, M.D.McKennan "Mac" J. Thurston, M.D.George A. Tripp, M.D.Brady Tucker, PA-CR. Neil Van Leeuwen, M.D.Terry Van Wormer, PA-CVal Warner, PA-CJean Weinert, R.D.Wyatt West, M.D.Steven R. Wheelwright, D.O.Cassie L. Whittier, M.D.Nicholas Wittwer, PA-CJay R. Yates, M.D.York J. Yates, M.D.Michael C. Yeates, D.O.Preferred Date


Preferred Time8:00 AM8:30 AM9:00 AM9:30 AM10:00 AM10:30 AM11:00 AM11:30 AM12:00 PM12:30 PM1:00 PM1:30 PM2:00 PM2:30 PM3:00 PM3:30 PM4:00 PM4:30 PM5:00 PMEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 









 























Robert E. Mellor: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 6:57 AM ET
Metals and Mining

Company Overview of Coeur Mining, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert E. Mellor  Non-Executive Chairman, Coeur Mining, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships73$402,500
Background

		Mr. Robert E. Mellor was an Executive Vice President of Di Giorgio Corp. He served as Of Counsel at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP from 1990 to February 15, 1997. Mr. Mellor served as the Chairman of Building Materials Holding Corporation (now BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.) since 2002 until January 2010, Chief Executive Officer since 1997 until January 2010 and President from 1997 to February 2008. He served as the Presiding Director of Coeur Mining, Inc. from 2008 to July 2011. ... He has been Chairman at Monro Muffler Brake Inc. since June 2017. He has been Non-Executive Chairman for Coeur Mining, Inc. since July 2011. Mr. Mellor serves as the Chairman of Bmc Construction, Inc. He is the Chairman of SelectBuild Construction, Inc. He serves as a Director of California Chamber of Commerce. He serves on the board of councilors of Save-the-Redwoods League. He has been a Director of Monro Muffler Brake Inc. since April 1, 2010 and served as its Lead Independent Director since April 2011. He has been a Director of CalAtlantic Group, Inc. since October 2015 and has been Independent Director of Coeur Mining Inc., since 1998. He has been a Director of Rybrook Holdings Limited since 1999. He has been Director of Saturn Acquisition Holdings, LLC since March 1, 2010. He served as a Director of Monro Muffler Brake from November 14, 2002 to August 21, 2007 and Ryland Group Inc. since 1999. He served as a Director of Stock Building Supply Holdings, Inc. (also known as Carolina Holdings midwest llc) since March 2010. He served as a Director of BMC Stock from 1991 to January 2010. He served as a Director of Di Giorgio Corporation. Mr. Mellor received a J.D. from Southern Methodist University and a B.A. in Economics from Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
104 South Michigan AvenueChicago, Illinois 60603United StatesPhone: 312-489-5800Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
ChairmanSelectBuild Construction, Inc.1998-PresentNon-Executive ChairmanCoeur Mining, Inc.1999-PresentDirectorRybrook Holdings Limited2010-PresentChairman of the BoardMonro Muffler Brake, Inc.2010-PresentDirectorSaturn Acquisition Holdings, LLC2015-PresentDirectorCalAtlantic Group, Inc.
Education
JD Southern Methodist UniversityBA Westminster College
Other Affiliations
CalAtlantic Group, Inc.Ryland Group Inc.Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.Stock Building Supply Holdings, Inc.Rybrook Holdings LimitedSouthern Methodist UniversityWestminster CollegeSelectBuild Construction, Inc.Saturn Acquisition Holdings, LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$312,500Total Calculated Compensation$402,500




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationHannes Philip Portmann President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorNew Gold Inc.$302.2KScott Graeme Perry B.Comm., CPAChief Executive Officer & Non-Independent DirectorCenterra Gold Inc.$622.5KPaul Douglas Martin CA, CPA, B.A.Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDetour Gold Corporation$725.0KIgnacio  Bustamante Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorHochschild Mining PLC$1.7MRonald W. Clayton Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorTahoe Resources Inc.$650.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Coeur Mining, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Search results for `Mellor Robert` - PhilPapers









































Sign in | Create an account



PhilPapers
PhilEvents
PhilJobs







































Syntax
Advanced Search











New

All new items
Books
Journal articles
Manuscripts



Browse

All Categories
Metaphysics and Epistemology

Metaphysics and EpistemologyEpistemology
Metaphilosophy
Metaphysics
Philosophy of Action
Philosophy of Language
Philosophy of Mind
Philosophy of Religion
M&E, Misc

Value Theory

Value TheoryAesthetics
Applied Ethics
Meta-Ethics
Normative Ethics
Philosophy of Gender, Race, and Sexuality
Philosophy of Law
Social and Political Philosophy
Value Theory, Miscellaneous

Science, Logic, and Mathematics

Science, Logic, and MathematicsLogic and Philosophy of Logic
Philosophy of Biology
Philosophy of Cognitive Science
Philosophy of Computing and Information
Philosophy of Mathematics
Philosophy of Physical Science
Philosophy of Social Science
Philosophy of Probability
General Philosophy of Science
Philosophy of Science, Misc

History of Western Philosophy

History of Western PhilosophyAncient Greek and Roman Philosophy
Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy
17th/18th Century Philosophy
19th Century Philosophy
20th Century Philosophy
History of Western Philosophy, Misc

Philosophical Traditions

Philosophical TraditionsAfrican/Africana Philosophy
Asian Philosophy
Continental Philosophy
European Philosophy
Philosophy of the Americas
Philosophical Traditions, Miscellaneous

Philosophy, Misc

Philosophy, MiscPhilosophy, Introductions and Anthologies
Philosophy, General Works
Teaching Philosophy
Philosophy, Miscellaneous

Other Academic Areas

Other Academic AreasNatural Sciences
Social Sciences
Cognitive Sciences
Formal Sciences
Arts and Humanities
Professional Areas
Other Academic Areas, Misc





Journals



Submit material

Submit a book or article
Upload a bibliography
Personal pages we track
Archives we track
Information for publishers



More

Introduction
Discussion forums
Submitting to PhilPapers
Frequently Asked Questions
Subscriptions
Editor's Guide
The Categorization Project
For Publishers
For Archive Admins
Contact us
PhilPapers Surveys
API
Bargain Finder
About PhilPapers













Syntax
Advanced Search











Sign in
Create an account














Syntax
Advanced Search

































Results for 'Mellor Robert' (try it on Scholar)

1000+ foundOrder:List dateFirst authorImpactPub yearRelevanceDownloads
Order

Options
1 filter applied





BibTeX / EndNote / RIS / etc

Export this page:

Choose a format..
Formatted textPlain textBibTeXZoteroEndNoteReference Manager

    Limit to  items. 
    

 
 



Restrictions

 pro authors only
 online only
 open access only
 published only

 filter by language
Configure languages here.
Sign in to use this feature.



 
 

Viewing options






 show categories





 categorization shortcuts



  
 hide abstracts

  
 open articles in new windows






Open Category Editor











 16 Factors Affecting Ethical Management: Comparing a Developed and a Developing Economy. [REVIEW]Jonathan Batten, Samanthala Hettihewa & Robert Mellor - 1999 -  Journal of Business Ethics 19 (1):51 - 59.detailsThis paper compares a number of ethical management practices of firms in two different economies. The recent behaviour of firms, described in terms of industry, size, international involvement and ownership, in a developed, western economy (Australia) are contrasted with the behaviour of similar firms in an emerging, eastern economy (Sri Lanka). This paper extends an earlier empirical study by Batten, Hettihewa and Mellor (1997) on the relationship between key firm-specific variables and firm ethical management practices in Australia by drawing (...) on similar survey data from Sri Lanka to facilitate an international comparison. The importance of this study is that it provides a valuable insight into the impact the level of economic development may have on ethical management behaviour and practice. (shrink)Business Ethics in Applied Ethics  Direct download (5 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   7 citations   
 25 Real Metaphysics: Essays in Honour of D.H. Mellor.D. H. Mellor, Hallvard Lillehammer & Gonzalo Rodríguez Pereyra (eds.) - 2003 -  Routledge.detailsThis text brings together a collection of new essays by a number of philosophers to honor Hugh Mellor's contribution to philosophy. The collection stands as an original exploration of some of the most central issues in philosophy.                                           Metaphysics, General Works in Metaphysics $92.90 used   $92.91 new   $105.84 direct from Amazon   Amazon page Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography   2 citations   
 36 Transcendental Tense: D.H. Mellor.D. H. Mellor - 1998 -  Aristotelian Society Supplementary Volume 72 (1):29–44.details[D. H. Mellor] Kant's claim that our knowledge of time is transcendental in his sense, while false of time itself, is true of tenses, i.e. of the locations of events and other temporal entities in McTaggart's A series. This fact can easily, and I think only, be explained by taking time itself to be real but tenseless. /// [J. R. Lucas] Mellor's argument from Kant fails. The difficulties in his first Antinomy are due to topological confusions, not the (...) tensed nature of time. Nor are McTaggart' s difficulties due to the tensed nature of time. The ego-centricity of tensed discourse is an essential feature of communication between selves, each of whom refers himself as 'I', and is required for talking about time as well as experience and agency. Arguments based on the Special Theory are misconceived. Some rest on a confused notion of 'topological simultaneity'. In the General Theory a cosmic time is defined, as also in quantum mechanics, where a natural present is defined by a unique hyperplane of collapse into eigen-ness. (shrink)B-Theories of Time in Metaphysics McTaggart's Argument in Metaphysics  Direct download (6 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 26 Interview with D. H. Mellor (1993).D. H. Mellor - unknowndetailsThis article is the text of an interview with D. H. Mellor conducted by Andrew Pyle and first published in the Spring 1993 issue of the philosophical journal Cogito.                                                   No categories Translate    Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
Real Metaphysics Essays in Honour of D.H. Mellor.Hallvard Lillehammer, Gonzalo Rodríguez Pereyra & D. H. Mellor - 2003detailsOntology in Metaphysics   Export citation     My bibliography   2 citations   
 2 God and Probability1: D. H. MELLOR.D. H. Mellor - 1969 -  Religious Studies 5 (2):223-234.detailsMy object in this paper is to consider what relevance, if any, current analyses of probability have to problems of religious belief. There is no doubt that words such as ‘probable’ are used in this context; what is doubtful is that this use can be analysed as other major uses of such words can. I shall conclude that this use cannot be so analysed and hence, given the preponderance of the other uses that can, that it is misleading.  Epistemology of Religion in Philosophy of Religion Philosophy of Religion  Direct download (2 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   1 citation   
 7 ROBERT, Jean-Dominique, O.P., Philosophie Et Sciences Humaines.Jean-Dominique Robert - 1981 -  Laval Théologique et Philosophique 37 (1):109-109.detailsContinental Philosophy of Religion in Continental Philosophy  Direct download (5 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 5 The Developmental Programme - Concept or Muddle?Programmes for Development, Genes, Chromosomes and Computer Models in Developmental Biology. Edited by Alma Swan, HERBERT Macgregor and Robert Ransom.J. Embryol. Exp. Morph. Volume 83 Supplement. The Company of Biologists Ltd, Cambridge, 1984. Pp. 369. �12.00, $23.00. [REVIEW]J. Robert & S. Whittle - 1986 -  Bioessays 5 (2):91-92.detailsDevelopmental Biology in Philosophy of Biology Evolutionary Developmental Biology in Philosophy of Biology  Direct download (2 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 1 Cambridge Philosophers I: F. P. Ramsey1: D. H. Mellor.D. H. Mellor - 1995 -  Philosophy 70 (272):243-262.detailsFrank Plumpton Ramsey was born in February 1903, and he died in January 1930—just before his 27th birthday. In his short life he produced an extraordinary amount of profound and original work in economics, mathematics and logic as well as in philosophy: work which in all these fields is still, over sixty years on, extremely influential.                         Causation, Laws, etc in Metaphysics  Direct download (2 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 1 The Reduction of Society: D. H. Mellor.D. H. Mellor - 1982 -  Philosophy 57 (219):51-75.detailsHow does the study of society relate to the study of the people it comprises? This longstanding question is partly one of method, but mainly one of fact, of how independent the objects of these two studies, societies and people, are. It is commonly put as a question of reduction, and I shall tackle it in that form: does sociology reduce in principle to individual psychology? I follow custom in calling the claim that it does ‘individualism’ and its denial ‘holism’.Metaphysics of Mind in Philosophy of Mind Physicalism about the Mind in Philosophy of Mind Psychophysical Reduction in Philosophy of Mind Reduction in General Philosophy of Science  Direct download (2 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
DH Mellor.From Dh Mellor - 1999 -  In Nigel Warburton (ed.), Philosophy: The Basic Readings. Routledge.detailsCausation in Metaphysics $15.76 used   $84906.56 new   (collection)   Amazon page  Export citation     My bibliography  
I–D.H. Mellor.D. H. Mellor - 1998 -  Aristotelian Society Supplementary Volume 72 (1):29-43.detailsNo categories Translate    Direct download (2 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
Micro-Composition1: D. H. Mellor.D. H. Mellor - 2008 -  Royal Institute of Philosophy Supplement 83 (62):65-80.detailsEntities of many kinds, not just material things, have been credited with parts. Armstrong, for example, has taken propositions and properties to be parts of their conjunctions, sets to be parts of sets that include them, and geographical regions and events to be parts of regions and events that contain them. The justification for bringing all these diverse relations under a single ‘part–whole’ concept is that they share all or most of the formal features articulated in mereology. But the concept (...) has also prompted an ontological thesis that has been expressed in various ways: that wholes are ‘no ontological addition’ to their parts ; that to list both a whole and its parts is ‘double counting’; and that there is ‘no more’ to a whole than its parts: for example, that there is no more to a conjunction than the conjuncts that are its parts, and whose truth or falsity determines whether it is true or false. For brevity, I shall express the thesis in the last of these ways, as the claim that entities with parts are ‘nothing but’ those parts. (shrink)No categories Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
Probability and the Evidence of Our Senses: D. H. Mellor.D. H. Mellor - 1991 -  Royal Institute of Philosophy Supplement 30:117-128.detailsOur knowledge of the world comes to us, one way or another, through our senses. I know there's a table here, because I see it, and that there's traffic outside, because I hear it. And similarly for our other senses. I know when it's cold, because I feel it; when there's sugar in my tea, because I taste it; smoke in the air, because I smell it; and so on.           No categories Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
Transcendental Tense: D.H. Mellor.D. Mellor - 1998 -  Supplement to the Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society 72 (1):29-44.detailsNo categories Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
 1 Working Parts: Reply to Mellor: J. Robert G. Williams.G. Williams J. Robert - 2008 -  Royal Institute of Philosophy Supplement 83 (62):81-106.detailsWhenever a material thing has parts, those parts are located where that thing is. This is a necessary truth, and needs explaining.                                                           No categories Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
 244 Tempered Pragmatism.Ian Rumfitt - forthcoming -  In Cheryl Misak & Huw Price (eds.), Pragmatism in the Long Twentieth Century: Proceedings of the 2014 Dawes Hicks Symposium. British Academy.detailsThis paper assesses the prospects of a pragmatist theory of content. I begin by criticising the theory presented in D.H. Mellor’s essay ‘Successful Semantics’. I then identify problems and lacunae in the pragmatist theory of meaning sketched in Chapter 13 of Dummett’s The Logical Basis of Metaphysics. The prospects are brighter, I contend, for a tempered pragmatism, in which the theory of content is permitted to draw upon irreducible notions of truth and falsity. I sketch the shape of such (...) a theory and illustrate the role of its pragmatist elements by showing how they point towards a promising account of the truth conditions of indicative conditionals. A feature of the account is that it validates Modus Ponens whilst invalidating Modus Tollens. (shrink)Justificationist Semantics in Philosophy of Language Possible World Semantics in Philosophy of Language Situation Semantics in Philosophy of Language Truth-Conditional Theories in Philosophy of Language  Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
 61 Working Parts: Reply to Mellor.Robert Williams - 2008 -  Royal Institute of Philosophy Supplement 83 (62):81-106.detailsTwo kinds of explanation might be put forward. The ﬁrst goes like this: the necessary connection between the location of a whole and the location of its parts holds because the location of the whole is nothing but the collective location of its parts. The second style of explanation goes like this: the connection holds because what it is for a material whole to have something as a part, is (perhaps among other things) for the whole to contain the part.Material Constitution in Metaphysics Mereology in Metaphysics  Direct download (2 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   1 citation   
 12 Working Parts: Reply to Mellor.J. Robert G. Williams - 2008 -  Royal Institute of Philosophy Supplement 62 (62):81-106.detailsWhenever a material thing has parts, those parts are located where that thing is. This is a necessary truth, and needs explaining.                                                           Material Objects in Metaphysics  Direct download (7 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   1 citation   
 6 The Ethical Management Practices of Australian Firms.Batten Jonathan, Hettihewa Samanthala & Mellor Robert - 1997 -  Journal of Business Ethics 16 (12-13):1261-1271.detailsThis paper addresses a number of important issues regarding the ethical practices and recent behaviour of large Australian firms in nine industries. These issues include whether firms have a written code of ethics, whether firms have a forum for the discussion of ethics, whether managers consider that their firm's activities have an environmental impact and whether there are any statistical relationships between the size, industry class, ownership, international involvement and location of the firm and its ethical management practices. These questions (...) are examined by using data collected from a sample of 136 large firms operating in Australia. (shrink)Business Ethics in Applied Ethics  Direct download (7 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 246 Free Will and Indeterminism: Robert Kane's Libertarianism.Robert F. Allen - 2005 -  Journal of Philosophical Research 30:341-355.detailsDrawing on Aristotle’s notion of “ultimate responsibility,” Robert Kane argues that to be exercising a free will an agent must have taken some character forming decisions for which there were no sufficient conditions or decisive reasons.1 That is, an agent whose will is free not only had the ability to develop other dispositions, but could have exercised that ability without being irrational. To say it again, a person has a free will just in case her character is the product (...) of decisions that she could have rationally avoided making. That one’s character is the product of such decisions entails ultimate responsibility for its manifestations, engendering a free will. (shrink)Libertarianism about Free Will in Philosophy of Action  Direct download (5 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   3 citations   
 102 The Active Nature of the Soul in Sense Perception: Robert Kilwardby and Peter Olivi.Juhana Toivanen & José Filipe Silva - 2010 -  Vivarium 48 (3):245-278.detailsThis article discusses the theories of perception of Robert Kilwardby and Peter of John Olivi. Our aim is to show how in challenging certain assumptions of medieval Aristotelian theories of perception they drew on Augustine and argued for the active nature of the soul in sense perception. For both Kilwardby and Olivi, the soul is not passive with respect to perceived objects; rather, it causes its own cognitive acts with respect to external objects and thus allows the subject to (...) perceive them. We also show that Kilwardby and Olivi differ substantially regarding where the activity of the soul is directed to and the role of the sensible species in the process, and we demonstrate that there are similarities between their ideas of intentionality and the attention of the soul towards the corporeal world. (shrink)13th/14th Century Philosophy, Misc in Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy Perception and Action in Philosophy of Mind  Direct download (4 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 34 The Romantic Conception of Robert J. Richards.Michael Ruse - 2004 -  Journal of the History of Biology 37 (1):3 - 23.detailsIn his new book, "The Romantic Conception of Life: Science and Philosophy in the Age of Goethe," Robert J. Richards argues that Charles Darwin's true evolutionary roots lie in the German Romantic biology that flourished around the beginning of the nineteenth century. It is argued that Richards is quite wrong in this claim and that Darwin's roots are in the British society within which he was born, educated, and lived.          History of Biology in Philosophy of Biology  Direct download (5 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 42 Robots and Reality: A Reply to Robert Sparrow.Russell Blackford - 2012 -  Ethics and Information Technology 14 (1):41-51.detailsWe commonly identify something seriously defective in a human life that is lived in ignorance of important but unpalatable truths. At the same time, some degree of misapprehension of reality may be necessary for individual health and success. Morally speaking, it is unclear just how insistent we should be about seeking the truth. Robert Sparrow has considered such issues in discussing the manufacture and marketing of robot ‘pets’, such as Sony’s doglike ‘AIBO’ toy and whatever more advanced devices may (...) supersede it. Though it is not his only concern, Sparrow particularly criticizes such robot pets for their illusory appearance of being living things. He fears that some individuals will subconsciously buy into the illusion, and come to sentimentalize interactions that fail to constitute genuine relationships. In replying to Sparrow, I emphasize that this would be continuous with much of the minor sentimentality that we already indulge in from day to day. Although a disposition to seek the truth is morally virtuous, the virtue concerned must allow for at least some categories of exceptions. Despite Sparrow’s concerns about robot pets (and robotics more generally), we should be lenient about familiar, relatively benign, kinds of self-indulgence in forming beliefs about reality. Sentimentality about robot pets seems to fall within these categories. Such limited self-indulgence can co-exist with ordinary honesty and commitment to truth. (shrink)Robot Ethics in Applied Ethics  Direct download (10 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   1 citation   
 11 The Implications of Robert Brandom's Inferentialism for Intellectual History.David L. Marshall - 2013 -  History and Theory 52 (1):1-31.detailsQuentin Skinner’s appropriation of speech act theory for intellectual history has been extremely influential. Even as the model continues to be important for historians, however, philosophers now regard the original speech act theory paradigm as dated. Are there more recent initiatives that might reignite theoretical work in this area? This article argues that the inferentialism of Robert Brandom is one of the most interesting contemporary philosophical projects with historical implications. It shows how Brandom’s work emerged out of the broad (...) shift in the philosophy of language from semantics to pragmatics that also informed speech act theory. The article then goes on to unpack the rich implications of Brandom’s inferentialism for the theory and practice of intellectual history. It contends that inferentialism clarifies, legitimizes, and informs intellectual historical practice, and it concludes with a consideration of the challenges faced by inferentialist intellectual history, together with an argument for the broader implications of Brandom’s work. (shrink)Inferentialist Accounts of Meaning and Content in Philosophy of Mind Philosophy of History in Philosophy of Social Science  Direct download (4 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   1 citation   
 23 Many Windows: Reflections on Robert Ulanowicz's Search for Meaning in Science.William Grassie - 2012 -  Axiomathes 22 (2):195-205.detailsThis paper is an extended discussion of Robert Ulanowicz’s critique of mechanistic and reductionistic metaphysics of science. He proposes “process ecology” as an alternative. In this paper I discuss four sets of question coming out of Ulanowicz’s proposal. First, I argue that universality remains one of the hallmarks of the scientific enterprise even with his new process metaphysics. I then discuss the Second Law of Thermodynamics in the interpretation of the history of the universe. I question Ulanowicz’s use of (...) the terms “random” and “chance” in his definition of process. Finally, I discuss what difference a relational and process metaphysics might make in addressing the political and practical problems in the twenty-first century. (shrink)Reduction in General Philosophy of Science  Direct download (6 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   1 citation   
 111 Robert Kane, Free Will, and Neuro-Indeterminism.Roksana Alavi - 2005 -  Philo 8 (2):95-108.detailsIn this paper I argue that Robert Kane’s defense of event-causal libertarianism, as presented in Responsibility, Luck, and Chance: Reflections on Free Will and Indeterminism, fails because his event-causal reconstruction is incoherent. I focus on the notions of efforts and self-forming actions essential to his defense.                                  Free Will and Neuroscience in Philosophy of Action Libertarianism about Free Will in Philosophy of Action  Direct download (4 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 11 Are We Theorising or Simulating? Interview with Robert Gordon.Jorrit Kiel & Anco Peeters - 2008 -  Splijtstof 37 (2):40-43.detailsInterview with Robert Gordon (Ph.D., Columbia). Discussed topics include his academic career in philosophy and views on the simulation theory of mind.                                                          The Simulation Theory in Philosophy of Cognitive Science  Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
 152 Mellor's Facts and Chances of Causation.Gonzalo Rodriguez-Pereyra - 1998 -  Analysis 58 (3):175–181.detailsMellor´s theory of causation has two components, one according to which causes raise their effects´ chances, and one according to which causation links facts. I argue that these two components are not independent from each other and, in particular, that Mellor´s thesis that causation links facts requires his thesis that causes raise their effects´ chances, since without the latter thesis Mellor cannot stop the slingshot argument, an argument that is a threat to any theory postulating facts as (...) the relata of causation. (shrink)Causal Relata in Metaphysics Counterfactual Theories of Causation in Metaphysics Facts and States of Affairs in Metaphysics Varieties of Causation in Metaphysics  Direct download (10 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 82 Intrinsic Goodness and Contingency, Resemblance and Particularity: Two Criticisms of Robert Adams's Finite and Infinite Goods.David Decosimo - 2012 -  Studies in Christian Ethics 25 (4):418-441.detailsRobert Adams’s Finite and Infinite Goods is one of the most important and innovative contributions to theistic ethics in recent memory. This article identifies two major flaws at the heart of Adams’s theory: his notion of intrinsic value and his claim that ‘excellence’ or finite goodness is constituted by resemblance to God. I first elucidate Adams’s complex, frequently misunderstood claims concerning intrinsic value and Godlikeness. I then contend that Adams’s notion of intrinsic value cannot explain what it could mean (...) for countless finite goods to be intrinsically valuable. Next, I articulate a criticism of his Godlikeness thesis altogether unlike those he has previously addressed: I show that, on Adams’s own account of Godlikeness, a diverse myriad of excellences could not possibly count as resembling God. His theory thus fails to account for a whole world of finite goods. I defend my two criticisms against objections and briefly sketch a more Aristotelian and Christian way forward. (shrink)Christianity in Philosophy of Religion Religious Ethics in Normative Ethics Thomas Aquinas in Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy  Direct download (7 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 42 Robert Grosseteste's Conclusiones_ and the Commentary on the _Posterior Analytics.David Bloch - 2009 -  Vivarium 47 (1):1-23.detailsThis article examines the nature of Robert Grosseteste's commentary on Aristotle's Posterior Analytics with particular reference to his “conclusions” . It is argued that the simple demonstrative appearance of the commentary, which is very much the result of the 64 conclusions, is in part an illusion. Thus, the exposition in the commentary is not simply based on the strict principles of the Posterior Analytics and on the proof-procedures of Euclidean geometry; rather the commentary is a complicated mixture of different (...) elements of twelfth-century texts and the scholarship of Grosseteste's day. (shrink)13th/14th Century Philosophy, Misc in Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy Medieval Philosophy of Language in Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy  Direct download (2 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   1 citation   
 39 Mellor and Dennett on the Perception of Temporal Order.Rebecca Roache - 1999 -  Philosophical Quarterly 50 (195):231-238.detailsI discuss theories about the way in which we determine the precedence ofperceived events. I examine Mellor’s account, which claims that it is thetiming of our perceptions of events that enables us to determine their order,and Dennett’s criticism of this. Dennett cites psychological experimentswhich suggest that it is the content of our perceptions, rather than theirtiming, which allows us to determine the order of the events perceived. Iargue that by distinguishing between two different ways of construing‘perception’ we can see (...) not only that the two accounts are compatible, but that Dennett’s account presupposes Mellor’s. (shrink)Temporal Experience in Philosophy of Mind  Direct download (10 more)     Export citation     My bibliography   2 citations   
 54 Théorie mathématique des catégories en biologie et notion d’équivalence naturelle chez Robert Rosen.Franck Varenne - 2013 -  Revue d'Histoire des Sciences 66 (1):167-197.detailsThe aim of this paper is to describe and analyze the epistemological justification of a proposal initially made by the bio-mathematician Robert Rosen in 1958. In this theoretical proposal, Rosen suggests using the mathematical concept of « category » and the correlative concept of « natural equivalence » in mathematical modeling applied to living beings. Our questions are the following: according to Rosen, to what extent does the mathematical notion of category give access to more « natural » formalisms (...) in the modeling of living beings? Is the so-called « naturalness » of some kinds of equivalences (which the mathematical notion of category makes it possible to generalize and to put at the forefront) analogous to the naturalness of living systems? Rosen appears to answer « yes » and to ground this transfer of the concept of « natural equivalence » in biology on such an analogy. But this hypothesis, although fertile, remains debatable. Finally, this paper makes a brief account of the later evolution of Rosen’s arguments about this topic. In particular, it sheds light on the new role played by the notion of « category » in his more recent objections against computational models that since the 1990’s are pervading almost every domain of biology. (shrink)Biological Modeling in Philosophy of Biology Category Theory in Philosophy of Mathematics Complexity in Biology in Philosophy of Biology Developmental Biology, Misc in Philosophy of Biology Foundationalism and Coherentism in Epistemology The Nature of Theories, Misc in General Philosophy of Science  Translate    Direct download (6 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 29 Book Review: Robert Audi, 'Moral Perception'. [REVIEW]Danny Frederick - 2015 -  Reason Papers 37 (1):164-69.detailsI summarise Robert Audi's 'Moral Perception.' I concede that there is such a thing as moral perception. However, moral perceptions are culturally-relative, which refutes Audi’s claims that moral perception may ground moral knowledge and that it provides inter-subjectively accessible grounds which make ethical objectivity possible. Audi's attempt to avoid the refutation tends to convert rational disputes into ad hominem ones. I illustrate that with the example of the ethics of prostitution.         Ethics, General Works in Value Theory, Miscellaneous Moral Intuitionism in Meta-Ethics Moral Perception in Normative Ethics Perception and Knowledge, Misc in Philosophy of Mind Philosophy of Cognitive Science, Misc in Philosophy of Cognitive Science Philosophy of Science, Miscellaneous in Philosophy of Science, Misc  Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
 53 Religion, and Not Just Religious Reasons, in the Public Square: A Consideration of Robert Audi's and Nicholas Wolterstorff's Religion in the Public Square.Kevin Carnahan - 2013 -  Philosophia 41 (2):397-409.detailsFor the last several decades, philosophers have wrestled with the proper place of religion in liberal societies. Usually, the debates among these philosophers have started with the articulation of various conceptions of liberalism and then proceeded to locate religion in the context of these conceptions. In the process, however, too little attention has been paid to the way religion is conceived. Drawing on the work of Robert Audi and Nicholas Wolterstorff, two scholars who are often read as holding opposing (...) views on these issues, I argue that, for the purposes of their argument about liberalism, both have implicitly accepted a concept of religion that has come under severe attack in recent work on the subject. Namely, they have accepted a concept of religion that identifies religion primarily with belief, ritual practice, and ecclesial institutions. Following recent scholarship, I suggest that religion is better conceived as a kind of culture. To conclude the essay, I gesture toward what the beginnings of a re-visioned debate about religion and liberal society might look like if one started from this revised conception of religion. (shrink)Philosophy of Religion  Direct download (5 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 48 Bernhard von Clairvaux, Robert von Melun und die Anfange des mittelalterlichen Voluntarismus.Matthias Perkams - 2012 -  Vivarium 50 (1):1-32.detailsAbstract Two distinguishing marks of voluntaristic conceptions of human action can be found already in the 12th century, not only in the work of Bonaventura's successors: 1. the will is free to act against reasons's dictates; 2. moral responsibility depends on this conception of the will's freedom. A number of theologians from the 1130s to the 1170s accepted those claims, which have been originally formulated by Bernard of Clairvaux. Robert of Melun elaborated them in a systematical way and coined (...) the terminological distinctions which were controversely discussed in the following centuries. The paper edits and interprets some of his texts about voluntary action. Furthermore, it shows that Bernard's and Robert's ideas have been transported by their intellectualist critics in the 13th century. (shrink)11th/12th Century Philosophy in Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy 13th/14th Century Philosophy, Misc in Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy The Will in Philosophy of Action  Translate    Direct download (3 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 26 Eschatology and Entropy: An Alternative to Robert John Russell's Proposal.Klaus Nürnberger - 2012 -  Zygon 47 (4):970-996.detailsTraditional eschatology clashes with the theory of entropy. Trying to bridge the gap, Robert John Russell assumes that theology and science are based on contradictory, yet equally valid, metaphysical assumptions, each one capable of questioning and impacting the other. The author doubts that Russell's proposal will convince empirically oriented scientists and attempts to provide a viable alternative. Historical‐critical analysis suggests that biblical future expectations were redemptive responses to changing human needs. Apocalyptic visions were occasioned by heavy suffering in postexilic (...) times. Interpreted in realistic terms, they have since proved to be untenable. The expectation of a new creation without evil, suffering, and death is not constitutive for the substantive content of the biblical message as such. Biblical future expectations must be reconceptualized in terms of best contemporary insight and in line with a dynamic reading of the biblical witness as God's vision of comprehensive optimal well‐being that operates like a shifting horizon and opens up ever new vistas, challenges, and opportunities. (shrink)Afterlife in Philosophy of Religion Philosophy of Religion  Direct download (3 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 29 Hegelians Axel Honneth and Robert Williams on the Development of Human Morality.Rauno Huttunen - 2012 -  Studies in Philosophy and Education 31 (4):339-355.detailsAn individual is in the lowest phase of moral development if he thinks only of his own personal interest and has only his own selfish agenda in his mind as he encounters other humans. This lowest phase corresponds well with sixteenth century British moral egoism which reflects the rise of the new economic order. Adam Smith (1723–1790) wanted to defend this new economic order which is based on economic exchange between egoistic individuals. Nevertheless, he surely did not want to support (...) the moral theory of British egoism. His book The Wealth of Nations suits well into the world view of British moral egoism, but in the book The Theory of Moral Sentiments, he presents a moral theory which is the total opposite of moral egoism. Contemporary German intellectuals saw contradiction in Adam Smith’s moral (social) philosophy which they called as Das Adam - Smith - Problem . Smith himself didn’t think that there is any contradiction in a situation where in economic sphere (civil society) individual act egoistically and in ethical sphere (encounter with the imagined Other) he feels humanity and compassion toward his fellow men. Hegel was a passionate reader of Adam Smith and he acknowledged Das Adam - Smith - Problem . He set the task of his social philosophy to overcome this paradox. He wanted to create a theory of a social totality where economic egoism and feelings of humanity are not in contradiction. In the same time Hegel wanted to create a theory on Bildung process where human spirit develops from moral un-freedom (heteronomy) to moral freedom and maturity (autonomy) taking care both aspect of love and reason. In certain Hegel’s texts notion of recognition plays crucial role. That is why modern Hegelians Ludwig Siep, Axel Honneth and Robert Williams consider the notion of recognition to be elementary in Hegel’s threefold theory of developing human spirit from family via civil society to sittliche state . For Hegel family is a sphere where people love their “concrete other” and where feeling surpasses reason. Civil Society is a sphere of private contracts and economic exchanges where cold egoistic and calculative reason surpasses feelings. In the sphere of State the contradiction between family and Civil Society ( Das Adam - Smith - Problem ) is solved by “rational feeling”. According to Hegel State should protect citizens from alienating effect of egoistic reason of Civil Society and cultivate “family-feelings” to rational feelings which integrate citizen into “sittliche community” through reciprocal process of recognition. In this article I want to consider Hegelians Honneth’s and Williams’s relevance to the theory of moral development. (shrink)Autonomy, Misc in Social and Political Philosophy Critical Theory in Continental Philosophy Philosophy of Education in Philosophy of Social Science  Direct download (5 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 34 Review of Robert Spaemann's Persons. [REVIEW]Arthur Madigan - 2010 -  Journal of Religious Ethics 38 (2):373-392.detailsThis review presents the principal themes of Robert Spaemann's Persons: The Difference between ‘Someone’ and ‘Something.’ To be a person is not to be identical with one's teleological nature, but rather, to have that nature. Personal consciousness is necessarily temporal consciousness. Persons have a range of distinctively personal acts, such as recognizing and respecting one another, understanding their lives as wholes, making judgments of conscience, promising, and forgiving. All members of the human species, whatever their stage of development or (...) limitations, are persons. The present review also briefly considers certain objections that have been raised against Spaemann's position. (shrink)Religious Ethics in Normative Ethics  Direct download (6 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 14 'Misfortune's Image': The Cinematic Representation of Trauma in Robert Bresson's Mouchette (1967).Mark Cresswell & Zulfia Karimova - 2013 -  Film-Philosophy 17 (1):154-176.detailsThis paper asks questions about 'trauma' and its cultural representation specifically, trauma's representation in the cinema. In this respect, it compares and contrasts the work of Robert Bresson, in particular his 1967 masterpiece, Mouchette , with contemporary Hollywood film. James Mangold's 1999 'Oscar-winning' Girl, Interrupted offers an interesting example for cultural comparison. In both Mouchette and Girl, Interrupted the subject matter includes, amongst other traumatic experiences, rape, childhood abuse and suicide. The paper ponders the question of whether such aspects (...) of trauma can ever be authentically represented on film; or, whether, on the contrary, through the deployment of cultural stereotypes, cinematic representation tends rather to reproduce the very forms of structural power which are, in the first place, trauma's primary cause. Bresson emerges from this analysis in a favourable light for, whereas Mangold stereotypes victims of trauma and represents traumatic experience itself as inevitable and over-determined, Bresson always retains for the victim a sense of critical agency. By contrasting key scenes from both films, the paper suggests that contemporary popular cinema (the 'Hollywood-ized' form), working in tandem with institutions of social control, such as psychiatry, does not subvert but, in fact, reproduces patterns of structural power. This argument has particular significance for the cultural representation of women. The paper is theoretically framed by Simone Weil's reflections on both 'representation' and 'structural power'. (shrink)Philosophy of Film in Aesthetics  Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
 23 'Is Getting Well Ever An Art?': Psychopharmacology and Madness in Robert Lowell's Day by Day. [REVIEW]Isabelle Travis - 2011 -  Journal of Medical Humanities 32 (4):315-324.detailsOn the publication of Robert Lowell’s Life Studies in 1959, some critics were shocked by the poet’s use of seemingly frank autobiographical material, in particular the portrayal of his hospitalizations for bipolar disorder. During the late fifties and throughout the sixties, a rich vein, influenced by Lowell , developed in American poetry. Also during this time, the nascent science of psychopharmacology competed with and complemented the more established somatic treatments, such as psychosurgery, shock treatments, and psychoanalytical therapies. The development (...) of Thorazine was a remarkable breakthrough allowing patients previously thought incurable to leave hospital. In 1955, the release of Miltown, the first ‘minor’ tranquilizer, was heralded with a media fanfare promising a new dawn of psychological cure-all. These two events blurred the boundary between ‘normality’ and madness by making treatment in the community more widely possible and by medicalizing more commonplace distress. Lowell’s early depictions of madness situate it as emblematic of the cultural malaise of ‘the tranquilized fifties. ’ By his final collection, Day by Day (1977), mental illness had lost its symbolic power. These late poems explore the power of art as a way of representing and remedying suffering in a culture where psychopharmacology has normalized madness. (shrink)Biomedical Ethics in Applied Ethics  Direct download (5 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 15 Política Cotidiana y Tolerancia en las obras de John Locke y Robert Nozick.Sergio Morresi - 2010 -  Doispontos 7 (4).detailsEn 1974, Robert Nozick publicó *Anarquía, Estado y Utopía*, una obra que, por primera vez, otorgaba estatus teórico a una de las corrientes del pensamiento neoliberal: el libertarianismo. En buena medida, el texto de Nozick se reclama como una relectura en clave de filosofía analítica de la teoría política de John Locke. En este artículo se ofrecen algunos argumentos para mostrar que, aunque la perspectiva de Nozick presenta ciertas similitudes retóricas con la obra del filósofo inglés, en cada uno (...) de los puntos fundamentales (como por ejemplo la idea de derecho, la noción de persona, el papel de la política y los conceptos de justicia y bien público) Nozick se aparta claramente de las premisas lockeanas. Como conclusión, se sostiene que al alejarse de la concepción lockeana, Nozick defiende una sociedad en la que la política está ausente y en la que el Estado aparece, paradójicamente, menos limitado que en las concepciones liberales clásicas. (shrink)Social and Political Philosophy  Translate    Direct download (5 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
‘‘‘Hegel, Formalism, and Robert Turner’s Ceramic Art’.Kenneth R. Westphal - 1997 -  Jahrbuch für Hegelforschung 3:259–283.detailsHegel’s aesthetic ideal is the perfect integration of form and content within a work of art. This ideal is incompatible with the predominant 20th-century principle of formalist criticism, that form is the sole important factor in a work of art. Although the formalist dichotomy between form and content has been criticized on philosophical grounds, that does not suffice to justify Hegel’s ideal. Justifying Hegel’s ideal requires detailed art criticism that shows how form and content are, and why they should be, (...) integrated in good works of art. This essay provides some of this criticism. By focusing on the work of the contemporary artist, Robert Turner, this criticism further suggests that Hegel’s aesthetic ideal is still relevant. Moreover, the nature of Turner’s work suggests that art is still relevant in our day in ways Hegel did not expect. (shrink)Aesthetic Representation in Aesthetics Art and Artworks, Misc in Aesthetics History of Aesthetics in Aesthetics Sculpture in Aesthetics The Value of Art in Aesthetics  Translate     Export citation     My bibliography  
 6 Crítica de la economía política, más allá del marxismo tradicional: Moishe Postone y Robert Kurz.Jordi Maiso &  Maura - 2014 -  Isegoría 50:269-284.detailsEl presente texto pretende presentar dos propuestas de actualización de la crítica de la economía política marxiana: las de Moishe Postone y Robert Kurz. Sus planteamientos, gestados a partir de los años ochenta, ofrecen claves para superar las insuficiencias del marxismo tradicional y abren perspectivas fructíferas para actualizar la teoría crítica. Partiendo de una reinterpretación común de las categorías de Marx, ambos autores presentan sin embargo diagnósticos diferentes: mientras Postone incide en cómo el capitalismo origina la posibilidad de un (...) nuevo orden social, Kurz señala que el capitalismo contemporáneo habría alcanzado su límite interno y entrado en una fase irreversible de declive y desintegración. (shrink)No categories Translate    Direct download (3 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
 6 Re-Reading Robert E. Park on Social Evolution: An Early Darwinian Conception of Society.Hendrik Wortmann - 2013 -  Biological Theory 7 (1):69-79.detailsAlthough Darwinian concepts have largely been banned from the social sciences of the last century, they have recently seen a revival in several disciplines such as sociology, anthropology, or economics. Most of the current proponents of evolutionary theorizing in the social sciences avoid references to the older literature on social evolution. On that background, this article presents a contribution to Darwinist thinking in early American sociology that has mainly been overlooked in the literature. As the leading figure of the Human (...) Ecology Approach, which was established during the 1920s and 1930s, Robert Ezra Park drew heavily on evolutionary concepts to explain human evolution. A systematic presentation of these concepts in the light of the modern discussion on sociocultural evolution is given, followed by a conclusion about what can be learned from Park today. (shrink)Biology and Society in Philosophy of Biology Levels and Units of Selection in Philosophy of Biology Sociobiology in Philosophy of Biology  Direct download (3 more)     Export citation     My bibliography  
From Truth to Reality: New Essays in Logic and Metaphysics.Heather Dyke (ed.) - 2015 -  Routledge.detailsQuestions about truth and questions about reality are intimately connected. One can ask whether numbers exist by asking "Are there numbers?" But one can also ask what arguably amounts to the same question by asking "Is the sentence 'There are numbers' true?" Such semantic ascent implies that reality can be investigated by investigating our true sentences. This line of thought was dominant in twentieth century philosophy, but is now beginning to be called into question. In_ From Truth to Reality_, Heather (...) Dyke brings together some of the foremost metaphysicians to examine approaches to truth, reality, and the connections between the two. This collection features new and previously unpublished material by JC Beall, Mark Colyvan, Michael Devitt, John Heil, Frank Jackson, Fred Kroon, D. H. Mellor, Luca Moretti, Alan Musgrave, Robert Nola, J. J. C. Smart, Paul Snowdon, and Daniel Stoljar. (shrink)Truth in Philosophy of Language   Export citation     My bibliography  
 17 From Truth to Reality: New Essays in Logic and Metaphysics.Heather Dyke (ed.) - 2009 -  Routledge.detailsQuestions about truth and questions about reality are intimately connected. One can ask whether numbers exist by asking "Are there numbers?" But one can also ask what arguably amounts to the same question by asking "Is the sentence 'There are numbers' true?" Such semantic ascent implies that reality can be investigated by investigating our true sentences. This line of thought was dominant in twentieth century philosophy, but is now beginning to be called into question. In_ From Truth to Reality_, Heather (...) Dyke brings together some of the foremost metaphysicians to examine approaches to truth, reality, and the connections between the two. This collection features new and previously unpublished material by JC Beall, Mark Colyvan, Michael Devitt, John Heil, Frank Jackson, Fred Kroon, D. H. Mellor, Luca Moretti, Alan Musgrave, Robert Nola, J. J. C. Smart, Paul Snowdon, and Daniel Stoljar. (shrink)Logic and Philosophy of Logic Metaphysical Realism in Metaphysics Minimalism and Deflationism about Truth in Philosophy of Language $111.39 new   $135.26 used   $150.00 direct from Amazon   Amazon page Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
 5 L’État Et la Justice: Les Problèmes Éthiques Et Politiques Dans la Philosophie Anglo-Saxonne John Rawls Et Robert Nozick.Otfried Höffe - 1988 -  Vrin.detailsles problèmes éthiques et politiques dans la philosophie anglo-saxonne John Rawls et Robert Nozick Otfried Höffe. PRÉFACE Depuis quelque temps se manifeste un intérêt croissant des milieux philosophiques pour des questions d' éthique ...                                               John Rawls in 20th Century Philosophy $37.00 new   $79.13 used   Amazon page Translate    Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  
Oikeiosis Festschrift Für Robert Spaemann.Reinhard Löw & Robert Spaemann - 1987detailsNo categories Translate     Export citation     My bibliography  
 14 Robert Grosseteste.James McEvoy - 2000 -  Oup Usa.detailsRobert Grosseteste was the initiator of the English scientific tradition, one of the first chancellors of Oxford University, and a famous teacher and commentator on the newly discovered works of Aristotle. In this book, James McEvoy provides the first general, inclusive overview of the entire range of Grosseteste's massive intellectual achievement.                             13th/14th Century Philosophy, Misc in Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy $7.28 used   $24.33 new   $52.49 direct from Amazon   Amazon page Direct download     Export citation     My bibliography  


1 — 50 / 1000




BibTeX / EndNote / RIS / etc

Export this page:

Choose a format..
Formatted textPlain textBibTeXZoteroEndNoteReference Manager

    Limit to  items. 
    

 
 



Restrictions

 pro authors only
 online only
 open access only
 published only

 filter by language
Configure languages here.
Sign in to use this feature.



 
 

Viewing options






 show categories





 categorization shortcuts



  
 hide abstracts

  
 open articles in new windows






Open Category Editor






Off-campus access

Using PhilPapers from home? 

Create an account to enable off-campus access through your institution's proxy server.





Monitor this page

Be alerted of all new items appearing on this page. Choose how you want to monitor it: 




 Email


 
 RSS feed








Editorial team

General Editors:
David Bourget (Western Ontario)
David Chalmers (ANU, NYU)



Area Editors:
David BourgetGwen BradfordBerit BrogaardMargaret CameronDavid ChalmersJames ChaseRafael De ClercqEzio Di NucciBarry HallenHans HalvorsonJonathan Jenkins IchikawaMichelle KoschØystein LinneboJeeLoo LiuPaul LivingstonBrandon LookManolo MartínezMatthew McGrathMichiru NagatsuSusana NuccetelliGualtiero PiccininiGiuseppe PrimieroJack Alan ReynoldsDarrell RowbottomAleksandra SamonekConstantine SandisHoward SankeyJonathan SchafferThomas SenorRobin SmithDaniel StarJussi SuikkanenLynne TirrellAness Webster

Other editors
Contact us
Learn more about PhilPapers
















loading ..






















Applied ethicsEpistemologyHistory of Western PhilosophyMeta-ethicsMetaphysicsNormative ethicsPhilosophy of biologyPhilosophy of languagePhilosophy of mindPhilosophy of religionScience Logic and MathematicsMore ...



Home | 
    New books and articles |
    Bibliographies |
    Philosophy journals |
    Discussions |
    Article Index |
    About PhilPapers | 
    API |
    Contact us







PhilPapers logo by Andrea Andrews and Meghan Driscoll.



This site uses cookies and Google Analytics (see our terms & conditions for details regarding the privacy implications). 
Use of this site is subject to terms & conditions.
All rights reserved by The PhilPapers Foundation




Page generated Mon Jul 24 06:57:57 2017 on pp1
















	Robert E. Mellor - Attorney - San Francisco, California CA














































Home
Attorneys 
Answers
Documents
News
Twitter
Classifieds
GroupESQ










Welcome to the first social network for the legal community! - Join Now













Robert E. Mellor - Attorney Profile













Robert E. Mellor
Suite 3250Four Embarcadero Center
San Francisco, 
CA
94111 
415-627-9100


                                                Are you Robert E. Mellor? Edit Your Profile


                                                Wrong address?  We'll change it.  Contact Us









Overview




Information




Colleagues (0)




Documents (0)




References (0)




Photos (0)




Q & A (0)











About Robert E. Mellor






Robert E. Mellor is not a LawLink member. No public information on Robert E. Mellor.














LawLink Is Free  Create Your Profile TodayAbout Lawlink LawLink's Press Room Sample Attorney Profiles 



















$150 Per Gigabyte For ESI Processing – a $500 Value!
			                            $150 Per Gigabyte For ESI Processing: Native File / Email File conversion to Tiff image, Extracted Text (OCR), Extracted Metadata, Standard Database Load Files and a Link to the Native File!
				                        
More Details





$5 For a $40 Credit With Barkley Court Reporters
			                            For $5, you receive a $40 credit that can be used when you order a paperless PDF-ASCII transcript. In addition, Barkley will plant a tree in your honor.
				                        
More Details





$25 For A $150 Mediation Credit With ADR Services, Inc.
			                            For $25, you will receive a $150 credit that can be used for any new mediation scheduled with ADR Services, Inc.
				                        
More Details





$35 For A Service of Process In Oakland, CA
			                            For $35, Same Day Attorney Service will serve your legal papers (except restraining orders) anywhere in Oakland, CA.
				                        
More Details





$75 For Setting Up A Credit Card Merchant Account - A $150 Value
			                            For $75, Law Charge will set up a merchant account for you so you can start accepting credit card payments from your clients.
				                        
More Details





$249 For Unlimited Lawline CLE For 1 Year - A $499 Value
			                            For $249 you will receive unlimited access to all Lawline online CLE programs for one full year.
				                        
More Details





$49 For 100 Calls Answered By Total Attorneys - A $98 Value
			                            For $49 you receive 100 calls answered by a Total Attorneys' live receptionist trained to handle law firm calls. This is a $98 value.
				                        
More Details









Recent
                            Attorneys 
                                Recent Experts 
                                    Recent Law Pros Recent Law Students



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Recent Docs Recent Questions Recent Forums 
                                    Recent Groups Recent Blogs












                                                    Drug Injury Watch: Keytruda / Opdivo / Yervoy: May Cause Vision Loss, Retinal Detachm....

                                            By: 
                                                Tom
                                                Lamb










                                                    Cornerstone Research Report: SEC Enforcement Activity Strong through First Half of FY....

                                            By: 
                                                PR
                                                Web












                                                    Use Caution When Taking Antibiotics In Pregnancy

                                            By: 
                                                Tim
                                                Holton










                                                    NJ STATE POLICE ARREST CAMDEN MAN ACCUSED OF DEALING FENTANYL

                                            By: 
                                                Jill
                                                Cohen












                                                    Cell Phone Forensics Expert: Cell Phone Security, for everyone! iPhone.

                                            By: 
                                                Scott
                                                Greene










                                                    HIT-AND-RUN MOTORIST CAUSES 13-YEAR-OLD BOY TO BREAK BOTH LEGS

                                            By: 
                                                Mitchell 
                                                Proner












                                                    How to Handle a Boundary Dispute

                                            By: 
                                                Joel
                                                Spivack










                                                    Donna Drumm CV

                                            By: 
                                                Donna
                                                Drumm












                Join LawLink - It's Free


                    First Name:





                    Last Name:





                    My Status:
                


Attorney
Expert Witness
Law Professional
Law Student




                     
                










                Join The Twitter Law Forum
            





























Recognition
Reputation Networking
Documents Groups 
 Close








                    Whether you're well-known or unknown in the legal community, we can increase your
                    name recognition.
                    

                    Join the premier social network for legal professionals, and get recognized for
                    your experience, expertise and accomplishments.
                    

                    • Moderate your own forum on a topic of your choice.
                    • Answer a question and demonstrate your expertise.
                    • Get featured on our highly trafficked home page.
                




                    RECOGNITION









Recognition
Reputation
Networking Documents Groups 
 Close








                    Control your professional identity online by controlling the search results associated
                    with your name.
                    

                    Protect your reputation when clients, adversaries, judges, employers and others
                    perform a search on you. Lawlink can help with Public Profiles.
                    

                    • You control the content in your Public Profile.
                    • Your Public Profile is Search Engine Optimized.
                    • Edit, hide or delete your Public Profile at any time.





                    REPUTATION









Recognition
Reputation Networking
Documents Groups 
 Close








                    Make the right professional connections and achieve your career goals. Lawlink is
                    a community of legal professionals on the cutting edge of technology.
                    

                    LawLink now features three separate but interconnected networks:
                    

                    • The Attorney Network.
                    
                    • The Law Student Network.
                    
                    • The Law Professional Network.
                    


                        * Eligibility Requirements





                    NETWORKING









Recognition
Reputation Networking
Documents
Groups 
 Close








                    Find and share legal documents. When you upload your documents, we'll feature you
                    on our home page.
                    

View Public Documents.
                    

                    Or create a private group and share private documents within your group. Perfect
                    for multi-party litigation, practice area groups and bar associations.
                    

                    • Share documents with the world.
                    • Share documents with a private group.
                    • Share documents with just yourself.
                




                    DOCUMENTS









Recognition
Reputation Networking
Documents Groups

 Close








                    Create a Law Group or join any of the 100 existing groups. Your group can be based
                    on a practice area, geography or virtually anything you want.
                    

                    Plus, when you join Lawlink, you are automatically a member of your law school group.
                    

                    • Your group can be open, private or secret.
                    • Every group has its own private forum and docs.
                    • Law Firms, Bar Associations can join Lawlink as a group.





                    GROUPS










		         Home  |   About 
		        |  Join  
		        |  Login 
		        |  Terms  
		        |  Listing 
		        |  Research 
		        |  Privacy 
		        |  Contact  
		        

		        By using this site you agree to our terms of use.   Copyright
		        2017
		        LawLink. All rights reserved.
		        				
LawLink founded by Oakland Attorney Steven Choi









