

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Merchandise Mart Equity LLC - Residential- Mandel  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Merchandise Mart Equity LLC

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Mandel Group, Inc. 301 E. Erie Street 
    Milwaukee, WI, 53202Phone: (414) 347-3600 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-12


New


$8,100,000


$8,100,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Barry R. Mandel 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Manager Mandel/Merchandise Mart Equity Llc 
 Executive 













MANDEL/MERCHANDISE MART EQUITY LLC -  WisconsinCorporates – Company Profiles of Wisconsin


























Home















FIND 


Search for company name, business locations, officers, contacts ..　　　





 
Home » M » MANDEL/MERCHANDISE MART EQUITY LLC












QR Code Of This Company





This is a QR Code for MANDEL/MERCHANDISE MART EQUITY LLC. If you have a QR Code scanning app, you can simply scan this image to have this business's information displayed on your phone.




Related Companies


MDR ENTERPRISES, INC.
MARQS LAND, LLC
MARY KAY NEUMANN, M.S.S.W., LLC
MCNETT SUPPLY, LLC
MARINUKA SNACKS LLC
MEIDL ENTERPRISES LLC
M & L TRANSPORT, INC.
MARKET RESOLUTION INC.
MRDC LIQUIDATING LLC
MARY & GERALD KRACHEY, LLC
MEMBERSERV, INC.
MADISON KNITTERS GUILD, INC.
MAXIM MARKETING SERVICES CORP.
MK7 INVESTMENTS LLC
MCCLUSKY CONSULTING LLC
MILWAUKEE SECURITY CAMERAS LLC
MAR QUALITY CONSULTING, LLC
MIDWEST MOTORSPORTS & LEASING, LLC
MSPF PROPERTIES LLC
MIKE ROARK FORESTRY SERVICES, INC.
MEUNIERS LLC
MAZOS RESTAURANT, INC.
MEGA INVESTMENTS, INC.
MOEDE PRODUCTIONS, LLC
MILWAUKEE COURT BOND AGENCY, LLC







MANDEL/MERCHANDISE MART EQUITY LLC










This profile was registered on 02/18/2016 and contains information from public web pages.

Company Profile



Company Name
MANDEL/MERCHANDISE MART EQUITY LLC


Company No
M094833


Company Type
Domestic Limited Liability Company


Status
Organized
                     


Registered Date
02/18/2016


Company Age
1 Years

Registered Agent
MANDEL GROUP, INC.  301 EAST ERIE STREET  MILWAUKEE , WI 53202


Company Overview
				
MANDEL/MERCHANDISE MART EQUITY LLC is a company in Wisconsin and its company number is M094833. MANDEL/MERCHANDISE MART EQUITY LLC was registered on 02/18/2016. The company's status is listed as Organized
                     .









Contact Information



Company Name
MANDEL/MERCHANDISE MART EQUITY LLC


Telephone
n/a


Business Address
301 EAST ERIE STREET  MILWAUKEE , WI 53202


Email
n/a



Additional Information



Estimated Revenue
no information


Employees
no information


Brands
no information



Company Map
		
This is Google map of MANDEL/MERCHANDISE MART EQUITY LLC address: 301 EAST ERIE STREET ,  MILWAUKEE , WI 53202. If you find error address, please submit another address using the form in the map, then search again.


Data Disclaimer
				
The information provided on wisconsincorporates.com is collected from a variety of public sources. wisconsincorporates.com website aim to provide the most comprehensive data , however this is dependant on the level of information filed in the public domain.
Data could have changed since the last update. wisconsincorporates.com website advise our visitors to express caution if in doubt, and to seek professional advice before commencing legal action, based on any information contained herein.
When you visit wisconsincorporates.com website, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website, including We sites that use our advertising cookies, and view or click on an ad supported by our advertising services.

 




Company Index:  
0-9 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
I 
J 
K 
L 
M 
N 
O 
P 
Q 
R 
S 
T 
U 
V 
W 
X 
Y 
Z 

Home  |  
About Us  |  
Privacy Policy  |  
Contact Us



© 2015 WisconsinCorporates - Company Profiles of Wisconsin  Contact Us






Merchandise Mart Equity LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Merchandise Mart Equity LLC
List of persons related to the company Merchandise Mart Equity LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Merchandise Mart Equity LLC.

CIK Number: 0001683459IRS Number: 383993015Company address: C/O THE MANDEL GROUP 301 E. ERIE STREET MILWAUKEE 53202Phone number: (414) 347-3600



People related to Merchandise Mart Equity LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryR. Mandel  Barry301 E. Erie Street MilwaukeeWIManager  Mandel/Merchandise Mart Equity LLCc/o Mandel Group, Inc. 301 E. Erie StreetMilwaukeeWI




Merchandise Mart Equity LLC on the Web












 















Lakeview Investments









































































                                
                Home              
            



                                
                About Us              
            






                                
                Mission Statement              
            



                                
                Investment Approach              
            



                                
                Investment Policy              
            



                                
                Our TeamPrincipals







                                
                W. Kent Velde              
            



                                
                William E. Read              
            



                                
                Ted D. Kellner              
            



                                
                Gordon H. Gunnlaugsson              
            



                                
                William J. Abraham, Jr.              
            







                                
                Our TeamManaging Director







                                
                Joseph M. Cesarz              
            







                                
                Our brochure              
            







                                
                Investments              
            



                                
                Press              
            



                                
                Contact Us              
            



                                
                Sitemap              
            

 




















					Lakeview Investments					

 





						UAS Labs					



						On Peak					



						CFC Technology					



						Automatan					



						LS Research					



						Firehouse					



						5 Alarm					




UAS Labs Acquired

Lakeview Equity Partners LLC has acquired UAS Laboratories Inc., a pioneer in the research, development and manufacture of probiotic nutritional supplements. Dr. S.K. Dash founded UAS Labs in 1979 to manufacture and market probiotics in the U.S., Canada and more than 60 other countries worldwide. He will remain with the company as chairman, founder and director of new business development.
Two probiotic pros are also stepping to the plate as partners in the transaction. Kevin Mehring will serve as the new president of UAS Labs, and Dr. Greg Leyer as chief scientific officer. Both are industry veterans with deep roots in the probiotic arena. And while the company will launch new products, its mission and passion will remain in the realm of probiotics.
With plans to expand science around digestive and immune health, Mehring says that most products are based on the well-documented DDS1 strain of L. acidophilus, adding that strain-specific formulations targeted at particular health conditions are the future of probiotics.
The company will also continue to focus on research and development—a cornerstone at UAS since the beginning.
 In December 2014, Lakeview Equity Partners provided funding for UAS Laboratories to acquire certain intellectual property assets of Micropharma Limited, Montreal, Canada, whose researchers have developed an award-winning probiotic strain, LRC™. The LRC™ strain has been shown to support healthy cholesterol levels and maintain heart health. As part of the agreement, UAS Labs also took ownership of the pioneering Cardioviva™brand of probiotics; which can be found at major retailers in the US and Canada. The companies have enjoyed a close relationship as partners and industry leaders in the probiotic space and were both winners of the 2014 NEXT Innovation Summit’s NutraAward presented at Natural Products Expo West.
Also in late 2014, Lakeview Equity Partners provided funding for UAS Laboratories to complete a $4 million state-of-the-art upgrade to their probiotic focused manufacturing facility in central Wisconsin. This upgrade positions UAS to continue to grow as an industry leader in probiotics.
For more information, visit www.uaslabs.com . 

Two Industry Power Houses Come Together to Redefine Event Housing Management

In April 2008, Lakeview Equity Partners acquired a majority interest in Travel Technology Group, LLC.  Travel Tech, based in Chicago, is a premier provider of housing services for more than 200 events worldwide each year. Founded in 1984, Travel Tech is a key player in the events industry. The company provides event organizers and their customers with full-service housing and travel solutions, using award-winning technology. Travel Tech’s clients include Reed Exhibitions, Merchandise Mart Properties, Penton Media, the National Restaurant Association, the International Housewares Association and the 2008 Republican National Convention, to name a few. Travel Tech’s founders, Tom Baur and Bob Derham, retain a significant minority equity interest in the company. The company’s senior management team continues to manage day-to-day operations while working with Lakeview Equity on future growth strategies.
In April 2009, Lakeview Equity Partners acquired the assets of Ambassadors, an Atlanta-based event housing and registration services company. We’re committed to driving service excellence in the event planning industry,” said Joseph Cesarz, vice president of Lakeview. “Both companies are innovative market leaders and will continue to define industry standards.”
In December 2009, Travel Technology Group, LLC and Ambassadors, both industry-known for their event housing expertise and tenure in the meetings and conventions world, unveiled the new brand identity for their merged organization. "onPeak represents the best of unparalleled customer service and next-generation technology between both companies since our merger in April 2009." said Michael Howe, President & CFO for onPeak. "This new identity represents what we're all about: elevating the expectations of event housing providers through end-to-end solutions and next-generation technology that deliver top performance for clients."
On October 7, 2014,  Lakeview Equity Partners successfully divested its majority interest in onPeak LLC to Global Experience Specialists (GES), a full service provider of live events and a wholly owned subsidiary of Viad Corp (NYSE:VVI), a publicly traded company based in Phoenix, AZ.
For more information, visit www.onPeak.com . 

Partnership Will Help Banking Technology Services Firm Grow More Rapidly


CFC  Technology Corporation., LLC, Plymouth, MN, provides community banks  and credit unions with technology consulting services and solutions. CFC  sells, hosts and supports a diverse range of products and services for  financial institutions, including check imaging and remote deposit  capture, data recovery solutions, business continuity solutions and  technology infrastructure consulting services.  The company's service  offerings are focused on assisting financial institutions generate  greater revenue from their customer relationships and benefit from more  efficient, secure and streamlined business operations.
"CFC is viewed as a trusted advisor by its customers," said W. Kent  Velde, president of Lakeview Equity Partners. "The company's ability to  provide leadership and expertise in multiple areas of financial  technology services, leading with their advisory consulting services,  puts them in an excellent position to help customers leverage their  technology investments to improve business profitability."
CFC's founders, Bill Ristvedt, president, and Richard Wanke, chief  operating officer, will remain owners in the company and will continue  to serve as its leaders. "We are excited about our new partnership with  Lakeview Equity Partners.  The organization has extensive experience in  the financial services and financial technologies industries.  We are  confident that this partnership will help us broaden the service and  solution offerings CFC can provide to our customers and ultimately grow  our business," said Ristvedt.
For more information, visit www.cfctechnology.com 

Automatän Company is the Premier Manufacturer of  Lithographic Labeling Equipment for the Corrugated Packaging Industry.


Automatän,  based in Plover, WI, is a leading manufacturer of  lithographic  labeling equipment sold to the corrugated packaging  industry worldwide.   “Automatän has achieved excellent brand recognition  through its  superior technology, product performance and customer  service,” said W.  Kent Velde, president of Lakeview Equity Partners,  LLC.  “With the  trend toward large-format labeling in product displays  and in-store  advertising, Automatän’s products make it possible to add  high-quality  graphics to corrugated packaging.”
A partner in the acquisition, Kevin Widder, will serve as the new   president and chief executive officer of Automatän.  He has more than 20   years of experience in the capital equipment industry.  “We’re  very excited about this acquisition,” said Widder.  “Automatän is  a  great company with a terrific reputation in the industry.  The new   management understands Automatän’s market and its customers, and   Lakeview Equity Partners has the financial capacity and strategic   resources to support the company and bring it to the next level.”  For more information, visit www.automatan.com .
Automatän was successfully sold in November 2015 to a private equity firm. Please see Lakeview Equity Partners Latest News for more information. 

LS Research, LLC, Cedarburg, WI Company Develops and Tests Wireless Technologies.

On May 30, Lakeview Equity Partners, LLC, announced the acquisition of LS Research, LLC, Cedarburg, WI. LS Research is a national leader in wireless design and product development solutions.
LS Research customers include both Fortune 500 firms and innovative middle market companies. “The unique skill sets and proprietary trade expertise at LS Research helps its customers get a wireless product designed, built and — through the LS Compliance division — tested and certified for production,” said Kent Velde, president of Lakeview Equity. “In fact, the LS Compliance test lab is the only facility of its kind in Wisconsin.”
This is the third investment made by the one-year-old private equity fund. “We are impressed with the experience, talent and tenure of the management group at LS Research, which will co-invest in the transaction and continue to manage the company,” said Velde.  “With Lakeview Equity, LS Research will be able to continue to expand our capabilities and provide new opportunities in this exciting technology field,” said Bill Steinike, president of LS Research. “We are very enthusiastic about the future of our company.”  For more information, visit www.lsr.com 
LS Research was successfully sold in November 2015 to Laird PLC, a global technology firm. Please see Lakeview Equity Partners Latest News for more information. 

Firehouse Animal Health Centers, Denver, CO Denver-based Company Growth Strategy Based on Exceptional Medical Care for Pets


Lakeview Equity added Firehouse Animal Health Centers, Denver, CO, to its portfolio in April 2006. The company’s two animal hospitals in the Denver metropolitan use a unique service model that is both profitable and attractive to customers seeking superior medical care for their pets.
“The company has an exceptional management team,” said Kent Velde, president of Lakeview Equity. “Our investment will provide capital to fund the company’s articulated growth strategy, which includes acquisition of existing animal hospitals and development of ancillary services.”
Lakeview Equity Partners successfully sold Firehouse Animal Health Centers to VCA Antech, Inc. (NASDAQ: WOOF) in April 2010. VCA Antech is a publicly traded company that acquires and consolidates vet clinics across the country. 

5 Alarm Fire & Safety, Inc., Fort Atkinson, WI Original Investment Puts Fire Safety First.


5 Alarm Fire & Safety, Inc., Fort Atkinson, WI, became Lakeview Equity’s first investment in February 2006. “5 Alarm is a very well-managed company that offers industry-best products used by firefighters, EMTs and first responders,” said Kent Velde, president of Lakeview Equity. “Its extensive sales and service network represents excellent opportunities for acquisition of new customers.”
5 Alarm is one of the largest fire and safety equipment distributors in the Midwest. The company’s diverse customer base includes fire departments, emergency government departments, municipalities and industrial plants.
Lakeview Equity Partners sold 5 Alarm in January, 2014. 



















   Location:



757 N. Broadway Street, Suite 400Milwaukee, WI  53202www.lakeviewequity.com
Kent Velde, President414/732-2037kvelde@lakeviewequity.com
Joe Cesarz, Managing Director414/732-2038jcesarz@lakeviewequity.com
Becky Diedrich, Controller414/732-2040bdiedrich@lakeviewequity.com

































Mandel Group Acquires 213-Unit Merchandise Mart in Downtown St. Louis - nextSTL
















































































Wednesday, 26th July 2017 








Twitter
Facebook
RSS




Development
Transportation
Policy/Politics
Media/Opinion
Podcast
Forum
Support NEXT STL
 







Mandel Group Acquires 213-Unit Merchandise Mart in Downtown St. Louis

October 10, 2016 
Development Ticker
Development Ticker, Featured
1 comment



79251
From UrbanMilwaukee.com: Milwaukee‐based developer Mandel Group, Inc. announced today that it completed acquisition of the historic Merchandise Mart building, comprising 213 loft apartments, within the Washington Avenue Loft District in downtown Saint Louis, Missouri. The acquisition was completed by Merchandise Mart Equity LLC, an affiliate sponsored by Mandel Group. Merchandise Mart occupies a city block bounded by Washington Avenue, 10th, 11th, and St. Charles Streets.
The granite and heavy masonry structure, constructed in 1889, was originally a dry goods warehouse before being acquired, restored and converted to apartments in 2003. The total cost of the conversion and restoration at that time exceeded $45 million, an investment supported in part through the use of historic rehab tax credits and affordable housing tax credits.
“The property appealed to us in part because we were able to acquire the asset well below its replacement cost today, and far below the original cost”, commented Jason Babcock, Vice President | Director of Acquisitions for Mandel Group. “It’s right in the heart of a vibrant mixed‐use downtown neighborhood that’s experiencing sizable reinvestment. We expect the property to gain value both through enhanced operations but also due to the dynamics of the surrounding area.” The location boasts a WalkScore of 98.
At the time of closing the property’s occupancy rate was 85%. Mandel Property Services, Inc. has  assumed responsibility for property management and operations and expects to increase property performance to match the market’s current average occupancy rates in the mid‐90s. “Merchandise Mart is a beautiful building with some incredible apartments that we could never afford to replicate today” added Barry R. Mandel, President & CEO of Mandel Group. “While the acquisitions market has tightened substantially, we’ve been fortunate to continue finding these types of opportunities in select Midwestern markets.”
Downtown Saint Louis is experiencing hundreds of millions of dollars of reinvestment, and substantial job creation in key technology and financial services sectors. The City recently announced over $1 billion in new building permits for the latest fiscal year, and will be seeing several large new projects undertaken in the next few years including a $1.75 billion, 3,100 employee campus development for the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, a federal agency charged with managing, protecting and analyzing geospatial intelligence for the US military and intelligence communities. In the private sector, accounting firm KPMG picked downtown St. Louis to become one of the firm’s largest U.S. tech hubs, and is in the process of adding 175 jobs to its already robust staff of St. Louis‐based professionals.
Continue reading at UrbanMilwaukee.com
79251 



About Development Ticker



Cross-posting from the St. Louis Neighborhood Development Blog:
A Catalog of St. Louis Developments, Large and Small 

View all posts by Development Ticker → 









Mathew Chandler



Like the positive writing on the development going on in this city.









nextTRENDINGMLS Expansion: St. Louis vs. CincinnatiWhat Should Be: Delmar and SkinkerCentene Corporate Auditorium, Parking Garage Design Revisions PresentedFailure of Fragmentation: Aug 8 Tax Hikes On St. Louis County BallotThree Townhome Projects Continue Historic St. Louis Infill Trend 


@nextSTLThe Boulevard II may be back. (Previous story: https://t.co/vwsxu6H7QK) New rendering: https://t.co/XQm6kadvcw5 days agoRetweet
Facebook
Warning: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in /nfs/c12/h04/mnt/214793/domains/nextstl.com/html/wp-content/themes/wt_metro/framework/widgets/widget_fb_recent_posts.php on line 74

 

nextCOMMENTS




Ocie




26 Homes and the Future of Demolition and Preservation in St. Louis

It is really sad instead of rebuilding the world We are...

7/24/2017





Matthew W. Hall




Failure of Fragmentation: Aug 8 Tax Hikes On St. Louis County Ballot

My thoughts exactly. It just goes to show that you can...

7/22/2017





Adam




Failure of Fragmentation: Aug 8 Tax Hikes On St. Louis County Ballot

I'm more than happy to let the conversation speak for...

7/22/2017





Matthew W. Hall




Failure of Fragmentation: Aug 8 Tax Hikes On St. Louis County Ballot

It's not an insult if it's true. What I wrote is true and...

7/20/2017





Adam




Failure of Fragmentation: Aug 8 Tax Hikes On St. Louis County Ballot

"You're understandings of the past are not based in...

7/19/2017
 





 

 

Future Great City podcast
Episode 16: Tishaura Jones – The Future Great City podcast by nextSTL Episode 15-2: Lewis Reed – The Future Great City podcast by nextSTL Episode 15-1: Lewis Reed – The Future Great City podcast by nextSTL Episode 14: John Schneider – The Future Great City podcast by nextSTL Episode 13: Umar Lee – The Future Great City podcast by nextSTL 
nextGUIDES 
 

 nextDEVELOPMENT






New Renderings by JEMA Studio Show Planned 7700 Clayton Tran...







DESCO Unveils $80M Mixed-Use Plan for Former Shriners Site i...







Locust Street Lofts Project Moves Ahead, Fate of 923 Locust ...







Images of Anew, A New Iconic Space in Grand Center







Plans Updated for Three New Single-Family Homes in Forest Pa...





 


Support nextSTL 




















Chicago Growth Partners LLC 222 Merchandise Mart Plz Chicago, IL Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Chicago Growth Partners LLC
  

222 Merchandise Mart Plz

Chicago
IL
60654




 Reviews



(312) 698-6300
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Chicago Growth Partners is a private equity firm that serves the health care, marketing, information technology, and business and consumer services industries. The firm invests in various companies, including CryoCor, DJ Pharma, EndoGastric Solutions, Genoptix, NovaVision, TargeGen, Xoft, American Civil Constructors and Carpathia Financial Services. Its clients include Airpax Corporation, DJ Pharma, HouseValues, PharmaResearch and Union Corrugating.
          






















Legal






Help


























Home






















Top 25 Tampa Bay
Minority Owned Businesses









FMSDC
Supplier of the Year | Class 3


We're #1!
Tampa Bay Business
Journal’s Fast 50
List of fastest growing companies.








An Integrated Merchandising Solution
 
Our full-service agency approach caters to companies of all sizes and specialties. From Mom & Pop retail stores to Fortune 500 corporations, Merchandise Partners is a true collaborative partner focused on your business goals.


· Corporate Promotions
· Merchandising Solutions
· Retail Programs
· Sponsorship Promotions
· Sales Promotions
· Dealer Networks
· Web Stores













ShopNow


We Are Proud To Be ASI Certified!
 
Shop Millions of Products with a Company You Trust!
 
Merchandise Partners is an Advertising Specialty Institute (ASI) certified distributor. ASI is a service we have added to help our customers find items quickly making their promotions more successful, and the impossible possible.  As a certified ASI distributor, MP's customers have instant access to over 4,000 manufacturers and three million products.
 
 
We invite you to check out the Merchandise Partners web store. Place an order in minutes! Our catalog features thousands of top quality branded products. We are constantly updating the store with new merchandise, but if you are searching for a specific item, let us know.




Complete Product Design and Development
 
The goal of Merchandise Partners is to provide an unparalleled diversity solution within the promotional products industry for the world’s most recognizable brands. Through a comprehensive suite of services we are able to enhance our partners’ brand equity, protect the integrity of their brands and deliver a positive ROI on their merchandise spend.
 
From our sourcing experts to our in-house design services to our custom merchandise capabilities, we continually explore ways to help our clients achieve their objectives through creativity and unrelenting innovation.
 
 
 
 

































AT&T Olympics Cap


AT&T Duffle


AT&T Button Down Shirt


AT&T Ladies Shirt


AT&T Hoodie


AT&T Water Bottle


AT&T Reusable Bag


Dell Inspiration Blocks





<




>




A few of the many items available.


 
 Find items for:
 
· Tradeshows
 
· Employee Perks
 
· Brand Launches
 
· Store Promotions
 
· Special Events
 





Merchandise Partners delivers strategic, targeted merchandise through multiple retail outlets, including brick and mortar stores, custom kiosks and traveling stores. Our clients include AT&T, Dell, Johnson & Johnson, Abbott and GlaxoSmithKline.














Contact


11111 N. 46th Street, Tampa FL 33617
1.877.477.8267
mporders@merchandisepartners.com



© 2012 Merchandise Partners, LLC, All Rights Reserved





ASI Membership #267632
Merchandise Partners is a registered ASI distributor



















ORLANDO MERCHANDISE MART LLC - ORLANDO, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



ORLANDO



Miscellaneous Retail Stores, Nec



Miscellaneous Retail Stores, Nec



                            ORLANDO MERCHANDISE MART LLC
                                    



 





















O 


ORLANDO MERCHANDISE MART LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



14344 STATE ROAD 535 ORLANDO, FL 32821
Get Directions



(407) 238-0009





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $88,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Miscellaneous Retail Stores, Nec
 Contacts PABLO MARULANDA






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Orlando Merchandise Mart Llc is located at 14344 State Road 535 in Orlando and has been in the business of Miscellaneous Retail Stores, Nec since 2007. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







O

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














