 



MLPF&S Financial











































Skip To Content













 





















                Home
                






                Working with us
                






                        Working with us
                    




It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work












Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®









                Your life priorities
                





 Your life priorities
                    




What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how












Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work









                Research & insights
                






                        Our insights
                    




A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth









                Find an advisor
                









Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search on LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor












Visit our page














Find an advisor


Contact Us


Client login










 Financial Information About MLPF&S







 
The Securities and Exchange Commission requires that we make available to customers the annual and semiannual balance sheets for Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and Subsidiaries. You may access such financial information by clicking the appropriate hyperlink below:
 

Consolidated Balance Sheet December 31, 2016
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited) June 30, 2016

 
For additional information, our most recent audited financial statement is available for examination at our headquarters at One Bryant Park, New York, New York, 10036 and at the Northeast Regional Office of the SEC.
 
Regulatory disclosures related to the futures, options and OTC clearing business of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated are available here.
 







Share:


email


facebook


twitter


linkedin





 
Related information:

Privacy & Security
Legal Information & Trademark Notices
















Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders









Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media









Get in touch:
Contact UsConnect with us:
Flipboard LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck













Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.










Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.






            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            












X
You need to answer some questions first
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Get started




Top












Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.


Continue


Return to Merrill Lynch
























 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.









Find a private wealth advisor








































Skip To Content







Find a private wealth advisor


Experienced. Smart. Connected. And focused on you. Our private wealth advisors use their extensive training and knowledge to understand your opportunities and craft customized strategies to help meet your complex financial needs.












Search by name







or




Search by location




Select your state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California - North
California - South
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York - Greater
New York - Metro
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


Select your state














Privacy & SecurityLegal InformationContact UsML.comBrokerCheck







Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S) and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
The Private Banking and Investment Group is a division of MLPF&S that offers a broad array of personalized wealth management products and services. Both brokerage and investment advisory services (including financial planning) are offered by the Group's Private Wealth Advisors through MLPF&S, a registered broker-dealer and registered investment adviser. The nature and degree of advice and assistance provided, the fees charged, and client rights and Merrill Lynch's obligations will differ among these services. Investments involve risk, including the possible loss of principal investment.
The banking, credit and trust services sold by the Group's Private Wealth Advisors are offered by licensed banks and trust companies, including Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, and other affiliated banks.
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc.:







Are Not FDIC Insured


Are Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits


Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency


Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or  Activity



Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. is a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.


ARFW95BK-EXP-2017-11-18









x



Important notice: you are now leaving the Private Banking and Investment Group website.
Clicking CONTINUE will take you to a website that PBIG is not affiliated with and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. We are not responsible for and do not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered on other websites. Clicking RETURN TO PBIG will take you back to the previous page.
CONTINUE RETURN TO PBIG

















































MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INC. | US Law | LII / Legal Information Institute























Jump to navigation



Cornell University Law SchoolSearch Cornell

 











  
Supreme Court

aboutsearch
liibulletin
subscribe
previews


  
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INC.







Syllabus


				        MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INC. v. 
				  (
					
				)
                772 F. 3d 158, affirmed.



Syllabus


 [HTML] 


 [PDF] 




Opinion, Kagan

 [HTML] 


 [PDF] 




Concurrence, Thomas

 [HTML] 


 [PDF] 



NOTE: Where it is feasible, a syllabus (headnote) will be released, as is being done in connection with this case, at the time the opinion is issued.The syllabus constitutes no part of the opinion of the Court but has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions for the convenience of the reader.See United States v. Detroit Timber & Lumber Co.,
200 U. S. 321.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Syllabus
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INC. et al.
v. MANNING et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for the third circuit

No. 14–1132. Argued December 1, 2015—Decided May 16, 2016

Respondent Greg Manning held over two million shares of stock in Escala Group, Inc.  He claims that he lost most of his investment when the share price plummeted after petitioners, Merrill Lynch and other financial institutions (collectively, Merrill Lynch), devalued Escala through “naked short sales” of its stock.  Unlike a typical short sale, where a person borrows stock from a broker, sells it to a buyer on the open market, and later purchases the same number of shares to return to the broker, the seller in a “naked” short sale does not borrow the stock he puts on the market, and so never delivers the promised shares to the buyer.  This practice, which can injure shareholders by driving down a stock’s price, is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Regulation SHO, which prohibits short-sellers from intentionally failing to deliver securities, thereby curbing market manipulation.  
Manning and other former Escala shareholders (collectively, Manning) filed suit in New Jersey state court, alleging that Merrill Lynch’s actions violated New Jersey law.  Though Manning chose not to bring any claims under federal securities laws or rules, his complaint referred explicitly to Regulation SHO, cataloguing past accusations against Merrill Lynch for flouting its requirements and suggesting that the transactions at issue had again violated the regulation.  Merrill Lynch removed the case to Federal District Court, asserting federal jurisdiction on two grounds.  First, it invoked the general federal question statute,
28 U. S. C. §1331, which grants district courts jurisdiction of “all civil actions arising under” federal law.  It also invoked §27 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), which grants federal district courts exclusive jurisdiction “of all suits in equity and actions at law brought to enforce any liability or duty created by [the Exchange Act] or the rules or regulations thereunder.”
15 U. S. C. §78aa(a).  Manning moved to remand the case to state court, arguing that neither statute gave the federal court authority to adjudicate his state-law claims.  The District Court denied his motion, but the Third Circuit reversed.  The court first decided that §1331 did not confer jurisdiction, because Manning’s claims all arose under state law and did not necessarily raise any federal issues.  Nor was the District Court the appropriate forum under §27 of the Exchange Act, which, the court held, covers only those cases that would satisfy §1331’s “arising under” test for general federal jurisdiction.  

Held: The jurisdictional test established by §27 is the same as §1331’s test for deciding if a case “arises under” a federal law.  Pp. 4–18.
(a) Section 27’s text more readily supports this meaning than it does the parties’ two alternatives.  Merrill Lynch argues that §27’s plain language requires an expansive rule: Any suit that either explicitly or implicitly asserts a breach of an Exchange Act duty is “brought to enforce” that duty even if the plaintiff seeks relief solely under state law.  Under the natural reading of that text, however, §27 confers federal jurisdiction when an action is commenced in order to give effect to an Exchange Act requirement.  The “brought to enforce” language thus stops short of embracing any complaint that happens to mention a duty established by the Exchange Act.  Meanwhile, Manning’s far more restrictive interpretation—that a suit is “brought to enforce” only if it is brought directly under that statute—veers too far in the opposite direction.  Instead, §27’s language is best read to capture both suits brought under the Exchange Act and the rare suit in which a state-law claim rises and falls on the plaintiff’s ability to prove the violation of a federal duty.  An existing jurisdictional test well captures both of these classes of suits “brought to enforce” such a duty:
28 U. S. C. §1331’s provision of federal jurisdiction of all civil actions “arising under” federal law.  Federal jurisdiction most often attaches when federal law creates the cause of action asserted, but it may also attach when the state-law claim “necessarily raise[s] a stated federal issue, actually disputed and substantial, which a federal forum may entertain without disturbing any congressionally approved balance” of federal and state power.  Grable & Sons Metal Products, Inc. v. Darue Engineering & Mfg.,
545 U. S. 308.  Pp. 5–10.
(b) This Court’s precedents interpreting the term “brought to enforce” have likewise interpreted §27’s jurisdictional grant as coextensive with the Court’s construction of §1331’s “arising under” standard.  See Pan American,
366 U. S. 656; Matsushita Elec. Industrial Co. v. Epstein,
516 U. S. 367.  Pp. 10–14.
(c) Construing §27, consistent with both text and precedent, to cover suits that arise under the Exchange Act serves the goals the Court has consistently underscored in interpreting jurisdictional statutes.  It gives due deference to the important role of state courts.  And it promotes “administrative simplicity[, which] is a major virtue in a jurisdictional statute.”  Hertz Corp. v. Friend,
559 U. S. 77.  Both judges and litigants are familiar with the “arising under” standard and how it works, and that test generally provides ready answers to jurisdictional questions.  Pp. 14–18.
772 F. 3d 158, affirmed.
Kagan, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J., and Kennedy, Ginsburg, Breyer, and Alito, JJ., joined.  Thomas, J., filed an opinion concurring in the judgment, in which Sotomayor, J., joined.




TOP


Opinion

 NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________
No. 14–1132
_________________
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INC.,et al., PETITIONERS v. GREG MANNING, et al.
on writ of certiorari to the united states court of appeals for the third circuit

[May 16, 2016]


Justice Kagan delivered the opinion of the Court.
Section 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act),
48Stat.
992, as amended,
15 U. S. C. §78a, et seq., grants federal district courts exclusive jurisdiction “of all suits in equity and actions at law brought to enforce any liability or duty created by [the Exchange Act] or the rules or regulations thereunder.”  §78aa(a).  We hold today that the jurisdictional test established by that provision is the same as the one used to decide if a case “arises under” a federal law.  See
28 U. S. C. §1331.
I
Respondent Greg Manning held more than two million shares of stock in Escala Group, Inc., a company traded on the NASDAQ.  Between 2006 and 2007, Escala’s share price plummeted and Manning lost most of his investment.  Manning blames petitioners, Merrill Lynch and several other financial institutions (collectively, Merrill Lynch), for devaluing Escala during that period through “naked short sales” of its stock.
A typical short sale of a security is one made by a borrower, rather than an owner, of stock.  In such a transaction, a person borrows stock from a broker, sells it to a buyer on the open market, and later purchases the same number of shares to return to the broker.  The short seller’s hope is that the stock price will decline between the time he sells the borrowed shares and the time he buys replacements to pay back his loan.  If that happens, the seller gets to pocket the difference (minus associated transaction costs).
In a “naked” short sale, by contrast, the seller has not borrowed (or otherwise obtained) the stock he puts on the market, and so never delivers the promised shares to the buyer.  See “Naked” Short Selling Antifraud Rule, Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) Release No. 34–58774, 73 Fed. Reg. 61667 (2008).  That practice (beyond its effect on individual purchasers) can serve “as a tool to drive down a company’s stock price”—which, of course, injures shareholders like Manning.  Id., at 61670.  The SEC regulates such short sales at the federal level: The Commission’s Regulation SHO, issued under the Exchange Act, prohibits short sellers from intentionally failing to deliver securities and thereby curbs market manipulation.  See 17 CFR §§242.203–242.204 (2015).

In this lawsuit, Manning (joined by six other former Escala shareholders) alleges that Merrill Lynch facilitated and engaged in naked short sales of Escala stock, in violation of New Jersey law.  His complaint asserts that Merrill Lynch participated in “short sales at times when [it] neither possessed, nor had any intention of obtaining[,] sufficient stock” to deliver to buyers.  App. to Pet. for Cert. 57a, Amended Complaint ¶39.  That conduct, Manning charges, contravened provisions of the New Jersey RacketeerInfluenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO), New Jersey Criminal Code, and New Jersey Uniform Securities Law; it also, he adds, ran afoul of the New Jersey common law of negligence, unjust enrichment, and interference with contractual relations.  See id., at 82a–101a, ¶¶88–161.  Manning chose not to bring any claims under federal securities laws or rules.  His complaint, however, referred explicitly to Regulation SHO, both describing the purposes of that rule and cataloguing past accusations against Merrill Lynch for flouting its requirements.  See id., at 51a–54a, ¶¶28–30; 75a–82a, ¶¶81–87.  And the complaint couched its description of the short selling at issue here in terms suggesting that Merrill Lynch had again violated that regulation, in addition to infringing New Jersey law.  See id., at 57a–59a, ¶¶39–43.
Manning brought his complaint in New Jersey state court, but Merrill Lynch removed the case to Federal District Court.  See
28 U. S. C. §1441 (allowing removal of any civil action of which federal district courts have original jurisdiction).  Merrill Lynch asserted federal jurisdiction on two grounds.  First, it invoked the general federal question statute, §1331, which grants district courts jurisdiction of “all civil actions arising under” federal law.  Second, it maintained that the suit belonged in federal court by virtue of §27 of the Exchange Act.  That provision, in relevant part, grants district courts exclusive jurisdiction of “all suits in equity and actions at law brought to enforce any liability or duty created by [the Exchange Act] or the rules and regulations thereunder.”
15 U. S. C. §78aa(a).  Manning moved to remand the case to state court, arguing that neither statute gave the federal court authority to adjudicate his collection of state-law claims.  The District Court denied his motion.  See No. 12–4466 (D NJ, Mar. 18, 2013), App. to Pet. for Cert. 24a–38a.
The Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit reversed, ordering a remand of the case to state court.  See 772 F. 3d 158 (2014).  The Third Circuit first decided that the fed-eral question statute,
28 U. S. C. §1331, did not confer juris-diction of the suit, because all Manning’s claims were “brought under state law” and none “necessarily raised” a federal issue.  772 F. 3d, at 161, 163.  Nor, the court held, did §27 of the Exchange Act make the district court the appropriate forum.  Relying on this Court’s construction of a nearly identical jurisdictional provision, the Court of Appeals found that §27 covers only those cases involving the Exchange Act that would satisfy the “arising under” test of the federal question statute.  See id., at 166–167 (citing Pan American Petroleum Corp. v. Superior Court of Del. for New Castle Cty.,
366 U. S. 656 (1961)
).  Because the District Court lacked jurisdiction of Manning’s suit under §1331, so too it was not the exclusive forum under §27.
Merrill Lynch sought this Court’s review solely as to whether §27 commits Manning’s case to federal court.  See Pet. for Cert. i.  Because of a Circuit split about that provision’s meaning,

1

 we granted certiorari.  576 U. S. ___ (2015).  We now affirm.
II
Like the Third Circuit, we read §27 as conferring exclusive federal jurisdiction of the same suits as “aris[e] under” the Exchange Act pursuant to the general federal question statute.  See
28 U. S. C. §1331.  The text of §27 more readily supports that meaning than it does either of the parties’ two alternatives.  This Court’s precedents interpreting identical statutory language positively compel that conclusion.  And the construction fits with our practice of reading jurisdictional laws, so long as consistent with their language, to respect the traditional role of state courts in our federal system and to establish clear and administrable rules.
A
Section 27, as noted earlier, provides federal district courts with exclusive jurisdiction “of all suits in equity and actions at law brought to enforce any liability or duty created by [the Exchange Act] or the rules and regulations thereunder.”
15 U. S. C. §78aa(a); see supra, at 3.

2

  Much the same wording appears in nine other federal jurisdictional provisions—mostly enacted, like §27, as part of New Deal-era regulatory statutes.

3



Merrill Lynch argues that the “plain, unambiguous language” of §27 requires an expansive understanding of its scope.  Brief for Petitioners 23.  Whenever (says Merrill Lynch) a plaintiff’s complaint either explicitly or implic-itly “assert[s]” that “the defendant breached an Exchange Act duty,” then the suit is “brought to enforce” that duty and a federal court has exclusive jurisdiction.  Id., at 22; Reply Brief 10–11; see Tr. of Oral Arg. 7–8 (confirming that such allegations need not be express).  That is so, Merrill Lynch contends, even if the plaintiff, as in this case, brings only state-law claims in his complaint—that is, seeks relief solely under state law.  See Reply Brief 3–6.  And it is so, Merrill Lynch continues, even if the plaintiff can prevail on those claims without proving that the alleged breach of an Exchange Act duty—here, the violation of Regulation SHO—actually occurred.  See id., at 7–13; Tr. of Oral Arg. 3 (“[T]he words ‘brought to enforce’ [donot focus] on what the court would necessarily have to decide”).
But a natural reading of §27’s text does not extend so far.  “Brought” in this context means “commenced,” Black’s Law  Dictionary 254 (3d ed. 1933); “to” is a word “expressing purpose [or] consequence,” The Concise Oxford Dictionary 1288 (1931); and “enforce” means “give force [or] effect to,” 1 Webster’s New International Dictionary of the English Language 725 (1927).  So §27 confers federal jurisdiction when an action is commenced in order to give effect to an Exchange Act requirement.  That language, in emphasizing what the suit is designed to accomplish, stops short of embracing any complaint that happens to mention a duty established by the Exchange Act.  Consider, for example, a simple state-law action for breach of contract, in which the plaintiff alleges, for atmospheric reasons, that the defendant’s conduct also violated the Exchange Act—or still less, that the defendant is a bad actor who infringed that statute on another occasion.  On Merrill Lynch’s view, §27 would cover that suit; indeed, Merrill Lynch points to just such incidental assertions as the basis for federal jurisdiction here.  See Brief for Petitioners 20–21; supra, at 3.  But that hypothetical suit is “brought to enforce” state contract law, not the Exchange Act—because the plaintiff can get all the relief he seeks just by showing the breach of an agreement, without proving any violation of federal securities law.  The suit, that is, can achieve all it is supposed to even if issues involving the Exchange Act never come up.
Critiquing Merrill Lynch’s position on similar grounds, Manning proposes a far more restrictive interpretation of §27’s language—one going beyond what he needs to prevail.  See Brief for Respondents 27–33.  According to Manning, a suit is “brought to enforce” the Exchange Act’s duties or liabilities only if it is brought directly under that statute—that is, only if the claims it asserts (and not just the duties it means to vindicate) are created by the Exchange Act.  On that view, everything depends (as Justice Holmes famously said in another jurisdictional context) on which law “creates the cause of action.”  American Well Works Co. v. Layne & Bowler Co.,
241 U. S. 257,
 260 (1916)
.  If a complaint asserts a right of action deriving from the Exchange Act (or an associated regulation), the suit must proceed in federal court.  But if, as here, the complaint brings only state-created claims, then the case belongs in a state forum.  And that is so, Manning claims, even if—contrary to what the Third Circuit held below—the success of the state claim necessarily hinges on proving that the defendant breached an Exchange Act duty.  See Brief for Respondents 31.
Manning’s view of the text’s requirements, although better than Merrill Lynch’s, veers too far in the opposite direction.  There is no doubt, as Manning says, that a suit asserting an Exchange Act cause of action fits within §27’s scope: Bringing such a suit is the prototypical way of enforcing an Exchange Act duty.  But it is not the only way.  On rare occasions, as just suggested, a suit raising a state-law claim rises or falls on the plaintiff’s ability to prove the violation of a federal duty.  See, e.g., Grable & Sons Metal Products, Inc. v. Darue Engineering & Mfg.,
545 U. S. 308–315 (2005); Smith v. Kansas City Title & Trust Co.,
255 U. S. 180,
 201 (1921)
.  If in that manner, a state-law action necessarily depends on a showing that the defendant breached the Exchange Act, then that suit could also fall within §27’s compass.  Suppose, for example, that a state statute simply makes illegal “any violation of the Exchange Act involving naked short selling.”  A plaintiff seeking relief under that state law must undertake to prove, as the cornerstone of his suit, that the defendant infringed a requirement of the federal statute.  (Indeed, in this hypothetical, that is the plaintiff’s only project.)  Accordingly, his suit, even though asserting a state-created claim, is also “brought to enforce” a duty created by the Exchange Act.
An existing jurisdictional test well captures both classes of suits “brought to enforce” such a duty.  As noted earlier,
28 U. S. C. §1331 provides federal jurisdiction of all civil actions “arising under” federal law.  See supra, at 3.  This Court has found that statutory term satisfied in either of two circumstances.  Most directly, and most often, federal jurisdiction attaches when federal law creates the cause of action asserted.  That set of cases is what Manning highlights in offering his view of §27.  But even when “a claim finds its origins” in state law, there is “a special and small category of cases in which arising under jurisdiction still lies.”  Gunn v. Minton, 568 U. S. ___, ___ (2013) (slip op., at 6) (internal quotation marks omitted).  As this Court has explained, a federal court has jurisdiction of a state-law claim if it “necessarily raise[s] a stated federal issue, actually disputed and substantial, which a federal forum may entertain without disturbing any congressionally approved balance” of federal and state power.  Grable, 545 U. S., at 314; see Gunn, 568 U. S., at ___ (slip op., at 6) (framing the same standard as a four-part test).  That description typically fits cases, like those described just above, in which a state-law cause of action is “brought to enforce” a duty created by the Exchange Act because the claim’s very success depends on giving effect to a federal requirement.  Accordingly, we agree with the court below that §27’s jurisdictional test matches the one we have formulated for §1331, as applied to cases involving the Exchange Act.  If (but only if) such a case meets the “arising under” standard, §27 commands that it go to federal court.

4



Merrill Lynch objects that our rule construes “completely different language”—i.e., the phrases “arising under”and “brought to enforce” in §1331 and §27, respectively—“to mean exactly the same thing.”  Reply Brief 7.  We cannot deny that point.  But we think it far less odd than Merrill Lynch does.  After all, the test for §1331 jurisdiction is not grounded in that provision’s particular phrasing.  This Court has long read the words “arising under” in Article III to extend quite broadly, “to all cases in which a federal question is ‘an ingredient’ of the action.”  Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals Inc. v. Thompson,
478 U. S. 804(1986) (quoting Osborn v. Bank of United States, 9 Wheat. 738, 823 (1824)).  In the statutory context, however, we opted to give those same words a narrower scope “in the light of [§1331’s] history[,] the demands of reason and coherence, and the dictates of sound judicial policy.”  Romero v. International Terminal Operating Co.,
358 U. S. 354,
 379 (1959)
.  Because the resulting test does not turn on §1331’s text, there is nothing remarkable in its fitting as, or even more, neatly a differently worded statutory provision.
Nor can Merrill Lynch claim that Congress’s use of the new “brought to enforce” language in §27 shows an intent to depart from a settled (even if linguistically ungrounded) test for statutory “arising under” jurisdiction.  That is because no such well-defined test then existed.  As we recently noted, our caselaw construing §1331 was for many decades—including when the Exchange Act passed—highly “unruly.”  Gunn, 568 U. S., at __ (slip op., at 6) (referring to the “canvas” of our old opinions as “look[ing] like one that Jackson Pollock got to first”).  Against that muddled backdrop, it is impossible to infer that Congress, in enacting §27, wished to depart from what we now understand as the “arising under” standard.
B
This Court has reached the same conclusion before.  In two unrelated decisions, we addressed the “brought to enforce” language at issue here.  See Pan American,
366 U. S. 656; Matsushita Elec. Industrial Co. v. Epstein,
516 U. S. 367 (1996)
.  Each time, we viewed that phrase as coextensive with our construction of “arising under.”

Pan American involved §22 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA),
15 U. S. C. §717u—an exclusive jurisdiction provision containing language materially indistinguishable from §27’s.

5

  The case began in state court when a natural gas purchaser sued a producer for breach of a contract setting sale prices.  Prior to the alleged breach, the producer had filed those contractual rates with the Federal Power Commission, as the NGA required.  Relying on that submission (which the complaint did not mention), the producer claimed that the buyer’s suit was “brought to enforce” a liability deriving from the NGA—i.e., a filed rate—and so must proceed in federal court.  See 366 U. S., at 662.  This Court rejected the argument.
Our decision explained that §22’s use of the term “brought to enforce,” rather than “arising under,” made no difference to the jurisdictional analysis.  The inquiry, we wrote, was “not affected by want” of the language contained in the federal question statute.  Id., at 665, n. 2.  The “limitation[s]” associated with “arising under” jurisdiction, we continued, were “clearly implied” in §22’s alternative phrasing.  Ibid.  In short, the linguistic distinction between the two jurisdictional provisions did not extend to their meaning.

Pan American thus went on to analyze the jurisdictional issue in the manner set out in our “arising under” precedents.  Federal question jurisdiction lies, the Court wrote, only if “it appears from the face of the complaint that determination of the suit depends upon a question of federal law.”  Id., at 663.  That inquiry focuses on “the particular claims a suitor makes” in his complaint—meaning, whether the plaintiff seeks relief under state or federal law.  Id., at 662.  In addition, the Court suggested, a federal court could adjudicate a suit stating only a state-law claim if it included as “an element, and an essential one,” the violation of a federal right.  Id., at 663 (quoting Gully v. First Nat. Bank in Meridian,
299 U. S. 109,
 112 (1936)
).  With those principles of “arising under” jurisdiction laid out, the Court held that §22 did not enable a federal court to resolve the buyer’s case, because he could prevail merely by proving breach of the contract.  See 366 U. S., at 663–665.  Pan American establishes, then, that an action “brought to enforce” a duty or liability created by a federal statute is nothing more (and nothing less) than an action “arising under” that law.
Merrill Lynch reads Pan American more narrowly, as holding only that §22 does not confer federal jurisdiction when a complaint (unlike Manning’s) fails to reference federal law at all.  See Brief for Petitioners 32–33, 38.  But that argument ignores Pan American’s express statement of equivalence between §27’s language and the federal question statute’s: “Brought to enforce” has the same “limitation[s]” (meaning, the same scope) as “arising under.”  366 U. S., at 665, n. 2.  And just as important, Merrill Lynch disregards Pan American’s analytical structure: The decision proceeds by reviewing this Court’s “arising under” precedents, articulating the principles animating that caselaw, and then applying those tenets to the dispute at hand.  Id., at 662–665.  The Court thus showed (as well as told) that “brought to enforce” jurisdiction mirrors that of “arising under.”
As a fallback, Merrill Lynch claims that Pan American is irrelevant here because it relied on legislative history distinct to the NGA in finding §22’s “brought to enforce” language coterminous with “arising under.”  See Brief for Petitioners 38–39.  The premise of that argument is true enough: In support of its holding, the Court quoted a Committee Report describing §22 as conferring federal jurisdiction “over cases arising under the act.”  366 U. S., at 665, n. 2.  But we cannot accept the conclusion Merrill Lynch draws from that statement: that courts should give two identically worded statutory provisions, passed less than five years apart, markedly different meanings.  Indeed, the result of Merrill Lynch’s approach is still odder, for what of the eight other jurisdictional provisions containing “brought to enforce” language?  See n. 3, supra.  Presumably, Merrill Lynch would have courts inspect each of their legislative histories to decide whether to read those statutes as reproducing the “arising under” standard, adopting Merrill Lynch’s alternative view, or demanding yet another jurisdictional test.  We are hard pressed to imagine a less sensible way of construing the repeated iterations of the phrase “brought to enforce” in the jurisdictional provisions of the Federal Code.
In any event, this Court in Matsushita addressed §27 itself, and once again equated the “brought to enforce” and “arising under” standards.  That decision arose from a state-law action against corporate directors for breach of fiduciary duty.  The issue was whether the state court handling the suit could approve a settlement releasing, in addition to the state claims actually brought, potential Exchange Act claims that §27 would have committed to federal court.  In deciding that the state court could do so, we described §27—not once, not twice, but three times—as conferring exclusive jurisdiction of suits “arising under” the Exchange Act.  See 516 U. S., at 380 (Section 27 “confers exclusive jurisdiction upon the federal courts for suits arising under the [Exchange] Act”); id., at 381 (Section 27 “prohibits state courts from adjudicating claims arising under the Exchange Act”); id., at 385 (Section 27 “prohibit[s] state courts from exercising jurisdiction over suits arising under the Exchange Act”) (emphases added).  Over and over, then, the Court took as a given that §27’s jurisdictional test mimicked the one in the general federal question statute.
And still more: The Matsushita Court thought clear that the suit as filed—which closely resembled Manning’s in its mix of state and federal law—fell outside §27’s grant of exclusive jurisdiction.  As just noted, the claims brought in the Matsushita complaint sought relief for breach of a state-law duty.  But in support of those claims, the plaintiffs charged, much as Manning did here, that the defendants’ conduct also violated federal securities laws.  See 516 U. S., at 370; supra, at 2–3.  We found the presence of that accusation insufficient to trigger §27.  “[T]he cause pleaded,” we wrote, remained “a state common-law action,” 516 U. S., at 382, n. 7: Notwithstanding the potential federal issue, the suit “was not ‘brought to enforce’ any rights or obligations under the [Exchange] Act,” id., at 381.  The Court thus rejected the very position Merrill Lynch takes here—i.e., that §27 precludes a state court from adjudicating any case, even if brought under state law, in which the plaintiff asserts an Exchange Act breach.
C
Construing §27, consistent with both text and precedent, to cover suits that arise under the Exchange Act serves the goals we have consistently underscored in interpreting jurisdictional statutes.  Our reading, unlike Merrill Lynch’s, gives due deference to the important role of state courts in our federal system.  And the standard we adopt is more straightforward and administrable than the alternative Merrill Lynch offers.
Out of respect for state courts, this Court has time and again declined to construe federal jurisdictional statutes more expansively than their language, most fairly read, requires.  We have reiterated the need to give “[d]ue regard [to] the rightful independence of state governments”—and more particularly, to the power of the States “to provide for the determination of controversies in their courts.”  Romero, 358 U. S., at 380 (quoting Healy v. Ratta,
292 U. S. 263,
 270 (1934)
; Shamrock Oil & Gas Corp. v. Sheets,
313 U. S. 100,
 109 (1941)
.  Our decisions, as we once put the point, reflect a “deeply felt and traditional reluctance . . . to expand the jurisdiction of federal courts through a broad reading of jurisdictional statutes.”  Romero, 358 U. S., at 379.

6

  That interpretive stance serves, among other things, to keep state-law actions like Manning’s in state court, and thus to help maintainthe constitutional balance between state and federaljudiciaries.
Nor does this Court’s concern for state court prerogatives disappear, as Merrill Lynch suggests it should, in the face of a statute granting exclusive federal jurisdiction.  See Brief for Petitioners 23–27.  To the contrary, when a statute mandates, rather than permits, federal jurisdiction—thus depriving state courts of all ability to adjudicate certain claims—our reluctance to endorse “broad reading[s],” Romero, 358 U. S., at 379, if anything, grows stronger.  And that is especially so when, as here, the construction offered would place in federal court actions bringing only claims created by state law—even if those claims might raise federal issues.  To be sure, a grant of exclusive federal jurisdiction, as Merrill Lynch reminds us, indicates that Congress wanted “greater uniformity of construction and more effective and expert application” of federal law than usual.  Brief for Petitioners 24 (quoting Matsushita, 516 U. S., at 383).  But “greater” and “more” do not mean “total,” and the critical question remains how far such a grant extends.  In resolving that issue, we will not lightly read the statute to alter the usual constitu-tional balance, as it would by sending actions with all state-law claims to federal court just because a complaint references a federal duty.
Our precedents construing other exclusive grants of federal jurisdiction illustrate those principles.  In Pan American, for example, we denied that a state court’s resolution of state-law claims potentially implicating the NGA’s meaning would “jeopardize the uniform system of regulation” that the statute established.  366 U. S., at 665.  We reasoned that this Court’s ability to review state court decisions of federal questions would sufficiently protect federal interests.  And similarly, in Tafflin v. Levitt,
493 U. S. 455–467 (1990), we permitted state courts to adjudicate civil RICO actions that might raise issues about the scope of federal crimes alleged as predicate acts, even though federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction “of all offenses against the laws of the United States,”
18 U. S. C. §3231.  There, we expressed confidence that state courts would look to federal court interpretations of the relevant criminal statutes.  Accordingly, we saw “no significant danger of inconsistent application of federal criminal law” and no “incompatibility with federal interests.”  Tafflin, 493 U. S., at 464–465, 467 (internal quotation marks omitted).
So too here, when state courts, in deciding state-law claims, address possible issues of the Exchange Act’s meaning.  Not even Merrill Lynch thinks those decisions wholly avoidable: It admits that §27 does nothing to prevent state courts from resolving Exchange Act questions that result from defenses or counterclaims.  See Brief for Petitioners 32–33; Pan American, 366 U. S., at 664–665.  We see little difference, in terms of the uniformity-based policies Merrill Lynch invokes, if those issues instead appear in a complaint like Manning’s.  And indeed, Congress likely contemplated that some complaints intermingling state and federal questions would be brought in state court: After all, Congress specifically affirmed the capacity of such courts to hear state-law securities actions, which predictably raise issues coinciding, overlapping, or intersecting with those under the Act itself.  See
15 U. S. C. §78bb(a)(2); Matsushita, 516 U. S., at 383.  So, for example, it is hardly surprising in a suit like this one, alleging short sales in violation of state securities law, that a plaintiff might say the defendant previously breached a federal prohibition of similar conduct.  See supra, at 2–3 (describing Manning’s complaint).  And it is less troubling for a state court to consider such an issue than to lose all ability to adjudicate a suit raising only state-law causes of action.
Reading §27 in line with our §1331 caselaw also promotes “administrative simplicity[, which] is a major virtue in a jurisdictional statute.”  Hertz Corp. v. Friend,
559 U. S. 77,
 94 (2010)
.  Both judges and litigants are familiar with the “arising under” standard and how it works.  For the most part, that test provides ready answers to jurisdictional questions.  And an existing body of precedent gives guidance whenever borderline cases crop up.  See supra, at 8–9.  By contrast, no one has experience with Merrill Lynch’s alternative standard, which would spring out of nothing to govern suits involving not only the Exchange Act but up to nine other discrete spheres of federal law.  See n. 3, supra (listing statutes with “brought to enforce” language); supra, at 12–13 (noting Merrill Lynch’s backup claim that legislative histories might compel different tests for different statutes).  Adopting such an untested approach, and forcing courts to toggle back and forth between it and the “arising under” standard, would undermine consistency and predictability in litigation.  That result disserves courts and parties alike.
Making matters worse, Merrill Lynch’s rule is simple for plaintiffs to avoid—or else, excruciating for courts to police.  Under that rule, a plaintiff electing to bring state-law claims in state court will purge his complaint of any references to federal securities law, so as to escape re-moval.  Such omissions, after all, will do nothing to change the way the plaintiff can present his case at trial; they will merely make the complaint less informative.  Recognizing the potential for that kind of avoidance, Merrill Lynch argues that a judge should go behind the face of a complaint to determine whether it is the product of “artful pleading.”  See Tr. of Oral Arg. 7 (If the plaintiffs “had just literally whited out, deleted the references to Reg[ulation] SHO,” the court should still understand the complaint to allege a breach of that rule; “the fact [that the plaintiffs] didn’t cite it wouldn’t change the fact”).  We have no idea how a court would make that judgment, and get cold comfort from Merrill Lynch’s assurance that the question would arise not in this case but in “the next third, fourth, fifth case down the road.”  Id., at 8.  Jurisdictional tests are built for more than a single dispute: That Merrill Lynch’s threatens to become either a useless drafting rule or a tortuous inquiry into artful pleading is one more good reason to reject it.
III
Section 27 provides exclusive federal jurisdiction of the same class of cases as “arise under” the Exchange Act for purposes of §1331.  The text of §27, most naturally read, supports that rule.  This Court has adopted the same view in two prior cases.  And that reading of the statute promotes the twin goals, important in interpreting jurisdictional grants, of respecting state courts and providing administrable standards.
Our holding requires remanding Manning’s suit to state court.  The Third Circuit found that the District Court did not have jurisdiction of Manning’s suit under §1331 because all his claims sought relief under state law and none necessarily raised a federal issue.  See supra, at 3.  Merrill Lynch did not challenge that ruling, and we therefore take it as a given.  And that means, under our decision today, that the District Court also lacked jurisdiction under §27.  Accordingly, we affirm the judgment below.
It is so ordered.

Notes

1 Compare 772 F. 3d 158 (CA3 2014) (case below) with Barbara v. New York Stock Exchange, Inc., 99 F. 3d 49, 55 (CA2 1996) (construing §27 more narrowly), Sparta Surgical Corp. v. National Assn. of Securities Dealers, Inc., 159 F. 3d 1209, 1211–1212 (CA9 1998) (construing §27 more broadly), and Hawkins v. National Assn. of Securities Dealers, Inc., 149 F. 3d 330, 331–332 (CA5 1998) (per curiam) (same).

2 Section 27 also grants federal courts exclusive jurisdiction of “violations of [the Exchange Act] or the rules and regulations thereunder.”
15 U. S. C. §78aa(a).  Manning argues that the “violations” language applies only to criminal proceedings and SEC enforcement actions.  See Brief for Respondents 28.  Merrill Lynch, although not conceding that much, believes the “violations” clause irrelevant here because, in private suits for damages, it goes no further than the “brought to enforce” language quoted in the text.  See Reply Brief 1, n. 1.  Given that both parties have thus taken the “violations” language off the table, we do not address its meaning.

3 See Securities Act of 1933,
15 U. S. C. §77v(a); Federal Power Act of 1935,
16 U. S. C. §825p; Connally Hot Oil Act of 1935,
15 U. S. C. §715i(c); Natural Gas Act of 1938,
15 U. S. C. §717u; Trust Indenture Act of 1939,
15 U. S. C. §77vvv(b); Investment Company Act of 1940,
15 U. S. C. §80a–43; Investment Advisers Act of 1940,
15 U. S. C. §80b–14(a); International Wheat Agreement Act of 1949,
7 U. S. C. §1642(e); Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act of 1968,
15 U. S. C. §1719.

4 The concurrence adopts a slightly different approach, placing in federal court Exchange Act claims plus all state-law claims necessarily raising an Exchange Act issue.  See post, at 2–3 (Thomas, J., concurring in judgment).  In other words, the concurrence would not ask, as the “arising under” test does, whether the federal issue embedded in such a state-law claim is also substantial, actually disputed, and capable of resolution in federal court without disrupting the congressionally approved federal-state balance.  See post, at 6–7; Grable & Sons Metal Products, Inc. v. Darue Engineering & Mfg.,
545 U. S. 308,
 314 (2005)
.  But this Court has not construed any jurisdictional statute, whether using the words “brought to enforce” or “arising under” (or for that matter, any other), to draw the concurrence’s line.  For as long as we have contemplated exercising federal jurisdiction over state-law claims necessarily raising federal issues, we have inquired as well into whether those issues are “really and substantially” disputed.  See, e.g., Hop-kins v. Walker, 
244 U. S. 486,
 489 (1917)
; Shulthis v. McDougal,
225 U. S. 561,
 569 (1912)
.  And similarly, we have long emphasized the need in such circumstances to make “sensitive judgments about congressional intent, judicial power, and the federal system.”  Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals Inc. v. Thompson,
478 U. S. 804,
 810 (1986)
.  At this late juncture, we see no virtue in trying to pull apart these interconnected strands of necessity and substantiality-plus.  Indeed, doing so here—and thus creating a gap between our “brought to enforce” and “arising under” standards—would conflict with this Court’s precedent and undermine important goals of interpreting jurisdictional statutes.  See infra, at 10–14 (discussing our prior decisions equating the two tests), 14–17 (highlighting the need to respect state courts and the benefits of using a single, time-tested standard).

5 Section 22 grants federal courts exclusive jurisdiction “of all suits in equity and actions at law brought to enforce any liability or duty created by . . . [the NGA] or any rule, regulation, or order thereunder.”
52Stat.
833.

6 The Romero Court continued: “A reluctance which must be even more forcefully felt when the expansion is proposed, for the first time, eighty-three years after the jurisdiction has been conferred.”  358 U. S., at 379.  The Exchange Act was passed a mere 82 years ago, but we believe the point still stands.




TOP


Concurrence

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________
No. 14–1132
_________________
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INC.,et al., PETITIONERS v. GREG MANNING, et al.
on writ of certiorari to the united states court of appeals for the third circuit

[May 16, 2016]


Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Sotomayor joins, concurring in the judgment.
The Court concludes that respondents’ suit belongs in state court because it does not satisfy the multifactor, atextual standard that we have used to assess whether a suit is one “arising under” federal law,
28 U. S. C. §1331.  Ante, at 18.  I agree that this suit belongs in state court, but I would rest that conclusion on the statute before us, §27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
15 U. S. C. §78aa.  That statute does not use the phrase “arising under” or provide a sound basis for adopting the arising-under standard.  It instead provides federal jurisdiction where a suit is “brought to enforce” Exchange Act requirements.  §78aa(a).  That language establishes a straightforward test: If a complaint alleges a claim that necessarily depends on a breach of a requirement created by the Act, §27 confers exclusive federal jurisdiction over that suit.  Because the complaint here does not allege such claims—and because no other statute confers federal jurisdiction—this suit should return to state court.  Accordingly, I concur in the judgment.
I
A
Section 27 provides that “[t]he district courts . . . shall have exclusive jurisdiction . . . of all suits in equity and actions at law brought to enforce any liability or duty created by this chapter or the rules and regulations thereunder.”  §78aa(a).

1

*  As the Court explains, under a “natural reading,” §27 “confers federal jurisdiction when an action is commenced in order to give effect to an Exchange Act requirement.”  Ante, at 6; see also Webster’s New International Dictionary of the English Language 725 (1927) (“enforce” means “give force to” or “give effect to”).  And by providing “exclusive jurisdiction” to federal district courts over certain suits, §27 strips state courts of jurisdiction over such suits.
Put differently, under §27 a suit belongs in federal court when the complaint requires a court to enforce an Exchange Act duty or liability.  In contrast, a suit belongs in state court when the complaint “assert[s] purely state-law causes of action” that do not require “binding legal determinations of rights and liabilities under the Exchange Act” or “a judgment on the merits of” an Exchange Act breach.  Matsushita Elec. Industrial Co. v. Epstein,
516 U. S. 367,
 382,
 384 (1996)
.  Such a suit is “not ‘brought to enforce’ any rights or obligations under the Act,” and thus does not fall within §27’s scope.  Id., at 381.  So §27 does not provide federal jurisdiction over suits brought to enforce liabilities or duties under state law or over every case that happens to involve allegations that the Act was violated.  The provision leaves state courts with some authority over suits involving the Act or its regulations.
The statutory context bolsters this understanding.  That context confirms that Congress reserved some authority to state courts to adjudicate securities-law matters.Although the Act provides numerous federal “rights and remedies,” it also generally preserves “all other rights and remedies that may exist at law or in equity,” such as claims that could be litigated in state courts of general jurisdiction.
15 U. S. C. §78bb(a)(2).  That provision shows that “Congress plainly contemplated the possibility of dual litigation in state and federal courts relating to securities transactions.”  Matsushita, supra, at 383.  A natural reading of §27’s text preserves the dual role for federal and state courts that Congress contemplated, and it confirms that mere allegations of Exchange Act breaches do not alone deprive state courts of jurisdiction.
A natural reading promotes the uniform interpretation of the federal securities laws that Congress sought to ensure when it gave federal courts “exclusive jurisdiction” over federal securities-law suits.  §78aa(a).  The textual approach fosters uniformity because it leaves to federal courts—which are presumptively more familiar with the intricate federal securities laws—the task of “adjudicat[ing] . . . Exchange Act claims.”  Matsushita, 516 U. S., at 383.  When state courts decide cases where the complaint pleads only state-law claims and do not resolve the merits of Exchange Act rights or liabilities, they are not “trespass[ing] upon the exclusive territory of the federal courts.”  Id., at 382.
The statutory text and structure thus support a straightforward test: Section 27 confers federal jurisdiction over a case if the complaint alleges claims that necessarily depend on establishing a breach of an Exchange Act requirement.
B
The Third Circuit was correct to remand this suit to state court.  Respondents’ complaint does not seek “to enforce any liability or duty created by” the Exchange Act or its regulations.  §78aa(a).
Although respondents’ complaint alleges at different places that petitioners violated the Exchange Act or its regulations, the complaint does not bring claims requiring enforcement of the Exchange Act or its regulations.  The complaint instead brings 10 state-law causes of action that seek to enforce duties and liabilities created by state law.  Count 2 alleges that petitioners violated state law by investing money derived from racketeering.  See App. to Pet. for Cert. 91a–93a, Amended Complaint ¶¶114–122 (citing N. J. Stat. Ann. §2C:41–2a (West 2005)).  Counts 3 through 9 allege standard state-law contract and tort claims: unjust enrichment, unlawful interference with economic advantage, tortious interference with contractual relations, unlawful interference with contractual relations, third-party-beneficiary claims, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and negligence.  See App. to Pet. for Cert. 93a–101a, Amended Complaint ¶¶123–158.  Count 10 pleads a freestanding claim for punitive and exemplary damages.  See id., at 101a, Amended Complaint ¶¶159–161.  None of these claims requires a court to “enforce”—to give effect to—a requirement created by the Act, thus, §27 does not confer federal jurisdiction over them.
Count 1 presents a closer call, but it too does not trigger federal jurisdiction.  That count pleads that petitioners violated a state law that makes it unlawful for a person to participate in a racketeering enterprise.  Id., at 82a–90a, Amended Complaint ¶¶88–113 (citing N. J. Stat. Ann. §2C:41–2c).  The alleged racketeering includes violating the New Jersey Uniform Securities Law (through fraud, deception, and misappropriation), committing “theft by taking” under state law, and committing “theft by deception” under state law.  App. to Pet. for Cert. 82a–90a, Amended Complaint ¶¶88–113.  Respondents allege that “[t]he SEC has expressly noted that naked short selling involves the omission of a material fact” as part of their state-law securities fraud allegation.  Id., at 85a, Amended Complaint ¶100.  Vindicating that claim would not require the enforcement of a federal duty or liability.  New Jersey law encompasses fraudulent conduct that does not necessarily rest on a violation of federal law or regulation.  See, e.g., §49:3–49(e)(1) (West 2001) (fraud and deceit include “[a]ny misrepresentation by word, conduct or in any manner of any material fact, either present or past, and any omission to disclose any such fact”); see App. to Pet. for Cert. 84a–86a (invoking §49:3–49 et seq.).  So although Count 1 refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission’s view about naked short selling, that count does not require respondents to establish a violation of federal securities law to prevail on their fraud claim.  Because respondents’ cause of action in Count 1 seeks to enforce duties and liabilities created by state law and does not necessarily depend on the breach of an Exchange Act duty or liability, §27 does not provide federal jurisdiction over that claim.
II
Although the Court acknowledges the “natural reading” of §27, ante, at 6, it holds that §27 adopts the jurisdictional test that this Court uses to evaluate federal-question jurisdiction under
28 U. S. C. §1331.  See ante, at 8–10; see also ante, at 10–18.  Federal courts have the power to review cases “arising under” federal law, §1331, including those in which the complaint brings state-law claims that “necessarily raise a stated federal issue, actually disputed and substantial, which a federal forum may entertain without disturbing any congressionally approved balance of federal and state judicial responsibilities.”  Grable & Sons Metal Products, Inc. v. Darue Engineering & Mfg., 
545 U. S. 308,
 314 (2005)
.  The Court wrongly equates the phrase “arising under” in §1331 with the phrase “brought to enforce” in §27, and interprets the latter to require that a case raising state-law claims “mee[t] the ‘arising under’ standard” for that case to proceed in federal court.  Ante, at 8; see ante, at 8–9.  None of the Court’s rationales for adopting that rule is persuasive.
A
The Court first argues that “it is impossible to infer that Congress, in enacting §27, wished to depart from what we now understand as the ‘arising under’ standard” because there was no “well-defined test” to depart from.  Ante, at 10.  The Court’s case law construing §1331, the Court explains, “was for many decades—including when the Exchange Act passed—highly unruly.”  Ibid. (internal quotation marks omitted).
But when Congress enacts a statute that uses different language from a prior statute, we normally presume that Congress did so to convey a different meaning.  See, e.g.,
Crawford v. Burke,
195 U. S. 176,
 190 (1904)
 (explaining that “a change in phraseology creates a presumption of a change in intent” and that “Congress would not have used such different language [in two statutes] without thereby intending a change of meaning”).  Given what we know about §1331, that presumption has force here.  Our §1331 case law was, as the Court notes, “highly unruly” when the Exchange Act was enacted in 1934.  Given the importance of clarity in jurisdictional statutes, see Hertz Corp. v. Friend,
559 U. S. 77,
 94 (2010)
, it is quite a stretch to infer that Congress wished to embrace such an unpredictable test.
That is especially true given that §27 does not use words supporting the convoluted arising-under standard.  Section 27 does not ask (for example) whether a federal issue is substantial or whether a ruling on that issue will upset the congressionally approved balance of federal and state power.  Indeed, §1331 itself does not even use words supporting the arising-under standard.  See ante, at 10 (acknowledging that the arising-under standard “does not turn on §1331’s text”).  Rather, the Court has refused to give full effect to §1331’s “broa[d] phras[ing]” and has instead “continuously construed and limited” that provision based on extratextual considerations, such as “history,” “the demands of reason and coherence,” and “sound judicial policy.”  Romero v. International Terminal Operating Co.,
358 U. S. 354,
 379 (1959)
.  Faced with a plain and focused text like §27, however, we should not rely on such considerations.  And importing factors from our §1331 arising-under jurisprudence—such as a substantiality requirement and a federal-state balance requirement—risks narrowing the class of cases that Congress meant to cover with §27’s plain text.  For these reasons, it is unwise to read into §27 a decision to adopt the arising-under standard.
B
The Court next relies on two prior decisions—Pan American Petroleum Corp. v. Superior Court of Del. for New Castle Cty.,
366 U. S. 656 (1961)
, and Matsushita, 516 U. S. 367.  See ante, at 10–14.  Neither case justifies the Court’s decision to apply the arising-under standard to §27.
In Pan American, the Court held that Delaware state courts had jurisdiction over state-law contract claims that arose from contracts for the sale of natural gas.  366 U. S., at 662–665.  The Court reached that decision even though a provision of the Natural Gas Act provided exclusive federal jurisdiction over suits “ ‘brought to enforce any liability or duty created by’ ” that Act.  Id., at 662 (quoting statute).  Pan American lends some support to the Court’s view today.  It applied the Court’s arising-under precedents and “explained that [the Natural Gas Act’s] use of the term ‘brought to enforce,’ rather than ‘arising under,’ made no difference to the jurisdictional analysis.”  Ante, at 11; see Pan American, supra, at 665, n. 2; see also ante, at 10–13.
But Pan American does not require the Court to engraft the arising-under standard onto §27.  Pan American did not carefully analyze the Natural Gas Act’s text or assess the contemporary meaning of the central phrase “brought to enforce.”  Instead, the Court relied on legislative history, reasoning that “authoritative [congressional] Committee Reports” implied a limitation on the Natural Gas Act’s jurisdictional text.  366 U. S., at 665, n. 2.  That reasoning does not warrant our respect.  That is especially true because Pan American’s holding is consistent with the Natural Gas Act’s “brought to enforce” language.  The complaint in that case did not “asser[t]” any “right . . . under the Natural Gas Act” and instead asked the court to adjudicate standard state-law “contract or quasi-contract” claims.  Id., at 663, 664.  The Court’s disposition in Pan American rests as comfortably on the statutory text as it does on the arising-under standard.

Matsushita provides even less support for the Court’s holding today.  In that case the Court held that Delaware courts could issue a judgment approving a settlement releasing securities-law claims even though the settlement released claims that were (by virtue of §27) “solely within the jurisdiction of the federal courts.”  516 U. S., at 375; see id., at 370–372.  The Court explained that, “[w]hile §27 prohibits state courts from adjudicating claims arising under the Exchange Act, it does not prohibit state courts from approving the release of Exchange Act claims in the settlement of suits over which they have properly exercised jurisdiction, i.e., suits arising under state law or under federal law for which there is concurrent jurisdiction.”  Id., at 381.  Because the complaint in that case “assert[ed] purely state-law causes of action” and the state courts did not issue “a judgment on the merits of the [exclusively federal] claims,” §27 did not deprive state courts of jurisdiction.  Id., at 382.
The Court relies on Matsushita because in that case we three times “described” §27 “as conferring exclusive jurisdiction of suits ‘arising under’ the Exchange Act.”  Ante, at 13 (citing 516 U. S., at 380, 381, 385).  But Matsushita did not decide whether §27 adopts the arising-under standard, so its passing use of the phrase “arising under” cannot bear the weight that the Court now places on it.  To be sure, Matsushita does support the Court’s judgment today: Matsushita emphasized that state courts could adjudicate a suit involving securities-law issues where the complaint “assert[ed] purely state-law causes of action” and did not require the state courts to issue “binding legal determinations of rights and liabilities under the Exchange Act” or “a judgment on the merits of” an Exchange Act breach.  Id., at 382, 384.  But those statements are more consistent with §27’s text than they are with the arising-under standard.  See supra, at 2–3 (invoking Matsushita).
C
Finally, the Court argues that its interpretation “serves the goals” that our precedents have “consistently underscored in interpreting jurisdictional statutes”—affording proper deference to state courts and promoting administrable jurisdictional rules.  Ante, at 14; see ante, at 14–18.  But hewing to §27’s text serves these goals as well as or better than does adopting the arising-under standard.
First, the text-based view preserves state courts’ authority to adjudicate numerous securities-law claims and provide relief consistent with the Exchange Act’s design.  See supra, at 1–3.  As explained above, that view places all of respondents’ state-law causes of action in state court.  See supra, at 3–5.  The text-based view thus “decline[s] to construe [a] federal jurisdictional statut[e] more expansively than [its] language, most fairly read, requires.”  Ante, at 14.
Second, the textual test is also more administrable than the arising-under standard.  The arising-under standard “is anything but clear.”  Grable, 545 U. S., at 321 (Thomas, J., concurring).  The standard involves numerous judgments about matters of degree that are not readily susceptible to bright lines.  As noted, to satisfy that standard, a state-law claim must raise a federal issue that is (among other things) “actually disputed,” is “substantial,” and will not “distur[b]” a congressionally approved federal-state “balance.”  Id., at 314 (opinion of Court).  The standard “calls for a ‘common-sense accommodation of judgment to [the] kaleidoscopic situations’ that present a federal issue, in ‘a selective process which picks the substantial causes out of the web and lays the other ones aside.’ ”  Id., at 313 (quoting Gully v. First Nat. Bank in Meridian,
299 U. S. 109–118 (1936)).  The arising-under standard may be many things, but it is not one that consistently “provides ready answers” to hard jurisdictional questions.  Ante, at 17.  The text-based view promises better.  I would adopt that view and apply it here.
*  *  *
For these reasons, I concur in the judgment.

Notes

1* As the Court explains, the parties have not pressed us to construe §27’s language conferring jurisdiction over “violations” of the Exchange Act, its rules, or its regulations.  See ante, at 5, n. 2.  Like the Court, I focus on §27’s “brought to enforce” language.

















Supreme Court ToolboxArchive of cases
























Find a Lawyer
All lawyers














 



Wealth Management and Financial Services from Merrill Lynch











































Skip To Content













 





















                Home
                






                Working with us
                






                        Working with us
                    



It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work














Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®









                Your life priorities
                





 Your life priorities
                    



What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how














Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work









                Research & insights
                






                        Our insights
                    



A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights

















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth









                Find an advisor
                








Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor

















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search on LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor












Visit our page














Find an advisor


Contact Us


Client login























We're bullish on the future.Yours.

Merrill Lynch has pioneered a more personal approach to investing. One that puts the interests of our clients first.
Learn more





It starts by being open andtransparent about what we do.

With Merrill Lynch, we'll explain the services you'll get, outcomes you may face and just as importantly, what you'll pay.
Learn more





Before we talk treasury bonds,let's talk family bonds.

At Merrill Lynch, we take a more personal approach to investing - one that measures success against you, and your hopes and dreams.
Learn more





Here when you need to talk.Still here when you don't.

At Merrill Lynch, you'll get the advice and guidance you need online, in person or through our app.
Learn more





Putting our powerbehind your goals.

At Merrill Lynch, as things change, we'll be there to help you navigate with our industry leading insights.
Learn more















Finances in Retirement

Our new study reveals: Retirement is the biggest expense of your lifetime.
Learn More





2017 Midyear Market Check:

Learn about the key issues that could impact your financial life.

Watch Our Webcast





Unlocking the Value  of Your Home

How your house can fit into your larger financial picture
Learn More





Find a financial advisor

With over 14,000 financial advisors nationwide, we can connect you with the right person for your needs.
Get started























Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders










Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media










Get in touch:
Contact UsConnect with us:
Flipboard LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 
















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck














Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.











Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.








            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            

                
                    AR4B8P5P-EXP-2018-07-19
                    
                
            





X
You need to answer some questions first
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Get started




Top











Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.


Continue


Return to Merrill Lynch




























Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 3:08 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated offers security brokerage and dealership services. Additionally, it provides investment advisory services. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated was formerly known as Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith, Inc. The firm is based in New York, New York. As of January 1, 2015, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated operates as a subsidiary of BAC North America Holding Company.


One Bryant ParkNew York, NY 10036United States



Phone: 800-637-7455

www.international.ml.com







Key Executives for Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated




 Mike Adornetto


      	Chief Operating Officer 
      








 Josh Nagel


      	Managing Director of Mid-America Market
      








Mr. Aaron Eichler


      	Senior Vice President
      








Ms. Sabina McCarthy 


      	Vice Chairman of Merrill Lynch Wealth Management
      








Mr. Andrew M. Sieg


      	Head
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated Key Developments

Tutor Perini Corporation Enters into Settlement Agreement with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Jun 6 17
On May 31, 2017, Tutor Perini Corporation entered into a settlement agreement with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (Merrill Lynch), as successor in interest to Banc of America Securities LLC and Bank of America, N.A. (collectively BofA), to resolve the pending litigation between the company and Merrill Lynch. The litigation, which was filed by the Company in 2011, related to the purchase by the company of certain auction-rate securities from BofA. On June 6, 2017, the company received the $37 million cash settlement payment agreed to in the settlement agreement, and the pending litigation was dismissed with prejudice. Neither party made any admission of liability or wrongdoing, and the settlement agreement includes mutual releases of all claims and liabilities related to the subject matter of the pending litigation.


Merrill Lynch Wealth Management Reorganizes its Regional Structure; Announces Executive Changes
Mar 31 17
Bank of America Corp.'s Merrill Lynch Wealth Management is reorganizing its regional structure, cutting the number of its business divisions from 10 to six. 

As part of the shakeup, Mike Adornetto will serve as COO of Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, while market executives Lindsay DeNardo Hans and Vince Fertitta were appointed to run the Mid-Atlantic and Texas Mountain South regions, respectively. Additionally, Linda Houston, who was heading the firm's New England division, is retiring. And James Dickson, who was recently put on leave of absence, is leaving the firm to 'pursue other opportunities'.


The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Fines $2.8 Million to Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Inc. for Systemic Reporting, Books and Records, and Related Supervisory Violations
Oct 18 16
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) announced that it has fined Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Inc. $2.8 million for systemic trade reporting, Order Audit Trail System (OATS) reporting, books and records, and related supervisory violations that occurred over a period of several years. FINRA uses trade reporting and OATS data as an integral part of its automated market surveillance program to detect manipulative activity and other potential violations of FINRA rules and the federal securities laws. FINRA relies on the accuracy of a firm’s books and records to conduct adequate policing of the securities markets. FINRA found that a system configuration error caused Merrill Lynch to, among other things, inaccurately report millions of trades to a FINRA Trade Reporting Facility in which purchases were reported as principal sales and agency crosses. Merrill Lynch also reported millions of trades it was not required to report. In addition, over the course of almost five years, the firm encountered a number of separate system errors that caused it to report millions of inaccurate reportable order events to OATS, including inaccurate timestamps, broker-dealer orders reported as customer orders and a failure to report millions of execution reports. Moreover, FINRA found that, for approximately three years, Merrill Lynch failed to record certain special handling instructions, as well as the correct receipt and route timestamps on order tickets, which caused millions of records to be inaccurate. FINRA also found that the scope of Merrill Lynch’s supervisory system with respect to, among other things, trade reporting, OATS reporting, and books and records, was not reasonably designed. In concluding this settlement, Merrill Lynch neither admitted nor denied the charges, but consented to the entry of FINRA's findings. Investors can obtain more information about, and the disciplinary record of, any FINRA-registered broker or brokerage firm by using FINRA's BrokerCheck.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      May 26, 2017
			    
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc., International Trust & Wealth Structuring Business



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 22, 2016
			    
REDI Holdings, LLC





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, please visit www.international.ml.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/financial-advisors/firm/merrill-lynch-pierce-fenner-&-smith-inc-7691" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501052906.c238f9c





Merrill Lynch - Wikipedia





















 






Merrill Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, a wealth management division of Bank of America, and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. as an independent company prior to its January 2009 acquisition by Bank of America. For the corporate and investment banking division of Bank of America, see Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Merrill Lynch Wealth Management





Type

Division[1]


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1914; 103 years ago (1914)


Headquarters
250 Vesey Street
New York City
United States



Area served

Worldwide


Services
Investment management


Revenue
US$13.8 billion (2012)[1]



Number of employees

15,100 (Financial Advisors 2010)


Parent
Bank of America


Website
ML.com



Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.


Former type

Corporation


Industry
Financial services


Fate
Acquired by Bank of America (January 2009)
Merged into Bank of America Corporation (October 2013)


Successor
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management


Founded
1914 (as Charles E. Merrill & Co.)[2]


Founder
Charles E. Merrill
Edmund C. Lynch


Defunct
started closing in 2009 completely closed in 2013


Headquarters
Four World Financial Center
250 Vesey Street
New York, New York United States



Number of employees

60,000 (2008)


Website
www.ml.com


Merrill Lynch Wealth Management is a wealth management division of Bank of America.[3] The firm is headquartered in New York City, and occupies the entire 34 stories of 250 Vesey Street, part of the Brookfield Place complex, in Manhattan. Merrill Lynch employs over 15,000 financial advisors and manages $2.2 trillion in client assets.[4]
The firm has its origins in Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. which, prior to 2009, was publicly owned and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol MER. Merrill Lynch & Co. agreed to be acquired by Bank of America on September 14, 2008, at the height of the 2008 Financial Crisis.[5] The acquisition was completed in January 2009[6] and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. was merged into Bank of America Corporation in October 2013, although certain Bank of America subsidiaries continue to carry the Merrill Lynch name, including the broker-dealer Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith.[7][8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early history
1.2 Rise to prominence
1.3 Orange County settlement
1.4 Subprime mortgage crisis

1.4.1 CDO controversies


1.5 Sale to Bank of America


2 Regulatory actions

2.1 Analyst Research settlement
2.2 Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge
2.3 Discrimination charges
2.4 Market timing settlement
2.5 2008 bonus payments


3 Industry awards
4 Organizational Structure
5 Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary
6 Merrill Edge
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Founding and early history[edit]
The company was founded on January 6, 1914, when Charles E. Merrill opened his Charles E. Merrill & Co. for business at 7 Wall Street in New York City. A few months later, Merrill's friend, Edmund C. Lynch, joined him, and in 1915 the name was officially changed to Merrill, Lynch & Co. At that time, the firm's name included a comma between Merrill and Lynch.[9] In 1916, Winthrop H. Smith joined the firm.




Merrill Lynch logo c. 1917


In its early history, Merrill, Lynch & Co. made several successful investments. In 1921, the company purchased Pathé Exchange, which later became RKO Pictures. In 1926, the firm made its most significant financial investment at the time, purchasing a controlling interest in Safeway, transforming the small grocery store into the country's third largest grocery store chain by the early 1930s.
In 1930, Charles Merrill led the firm through a major restructuring, spinning-off the company's retail brokerage business to E.A. Pierce & Co. to focus on investment banking.[10][11] Along with the business, Merrill also transferred the bulk of its employees, including Edmund C. Lynch and Winthrop H. Smith. Charles Merrill received a minority interest in E.A. Pierce in the transaction. Throughout the 1930s, E.A. Pierce remained the largest brokerage in the U.S. The firm, led by Edward A. Pierce, Edmund Lynch and Winthrop Smith would also prove one of the most innovative in the industry, introducing IBM machines into the business' record keeping. Additionally, by 1938, E.A. Pierce would control the largest wire network with a private network of over 23,000 miles of telegraph wires. These wires were typically used for trade execution.[12]




E.A. Pierce & Co. (above) merged with Merrill Lynch in 1940. The following year Fenner & Beane (below) was acquired by the firm






Despite its strong position in the market, E.A. Pierce was struggling financially in the 1930s and was thinly capitalized.[13] Following the death of Edmund C. Lynch in 1938, Winthrop Smith began discussions with Charles E. Merrill, who owned a minority interest in E.A. Pierce about a possible merger of the two firms. On April 1, 1940, Merrill Lynch, merged with Edward A. Pierce's E.A. Pierce & Co. and Cassatt & Co., a Philadelphia-based brokerage firm in which both Merrill Lynch and E.A. Pierce held an interest.[13] and was briefly known as Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce, and Cassatt.[14] The company became the first on Wall Street to publish an annual fiscal report in 1941.




Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith logo in use prior to the firm's 1974 rebranding that introduced the "bull" logo


The following year, in 1941, Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt merged with Fenner & Beane, a New Orleans-based investment bank and commodities company. Throughout the 1930s, Fenner & Beane was consistently the second largest securities firm in the U.S. The combined firm, which became the clear leader in securities brokerage in the U.S., was renamed Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Beane.[15]
In 1952, the company formed Merrill Lynch & Co. as a holding company and officially incorporated after nearly half a century as a partnership. On December 31, 1957, The New York Times referred to that name as "a sonorous bit of Americana" and said "After sixteen years of popularizing [it], Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner, and Beane is going to change it—and thereby honor the man who has been largely responsible for making the name of a brokerage house part of an American saga," Winthrop H. Smith, who had been running the company since 1940. The merger made the company the largest securities firm in the world, with offices in over 98 cities and membership on 28 exchanges. At the start of the firm's fiscal year on March 1, 1958, the firm's name became 'Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith' and the company became a Big Board member of the New York Stock Exchange.[16]
In 1964, Merrill Lynch acquired C. J. Devine & Co the leading dealer in U.S. Government Securities. The merger came together due to the death of Christopher J. Devine in May 1963.[17] The C. J. Devine & Co. partners, referred to as "The Devine Boys", formed Merrill Lynch Government Securities Inc., giving the firm a strong presence in the government securities market. The Government Securities business brought Merrill Lynch the needed leverage to establish many of the unique money market products and government bond mutual fund products, responsible for much of the firm's growth in the 1970s and 1980s.[18]
In 2003, Merrill Lynch became the second-largest shareholder for the Japanese animation studio, TMS Entertainment. In a report to the Finance Ministry, the Merrill Lynch group said it has acquired a 7.54 percent stake in TMS by purchasing some 3.33 million shares. Merrill Lynch purchased the stake purely for investment purposes and had no intention of acquiring control of the firm’s management.[19]
Rise to prominence[edit]
Merrill Lynch rose to prominence on the strength of its brokerage network (15,000+ as of 2006),[20] sometimes referred to as the "thundering herd", that allowed it to place securities it underwrote directly.[21] In contrast, many established Wall Street firms, such as Morgan Stanley, relied on groups of independent brokers for placement of the securities they underwrote.[22] Until as late as 1970, it was known as the "Catholic" firm of Wall Street.[23] The firm went public in 1971 and became a multinational corporation with over US $1.8 trillion in client assets, operating in more than 40 countries around the world. In 1977, the company introduced its Cash Management Account (CMA), which enabled customers to sweep all their cash into a money market mutual fund, and included check-writing capabilities and a credit card. Fortune magazine called it "the most important financial innovation in years".[24] In 1978, it significantly buttressed its securities underwriting business by acquiring White Weld & Co., a small but prestigious old-line investment bank. Merrill Lynch was well known for its Global Private Client services and its strong sales force.
Orange County settlement[edit]
Merrill Lynch settled with Orange County, California, for a massive $400 million to settle accusations that it sold inappropriate and risky investments to former county treasurer Robert Citron. Citron lost $1.69 billion, which forced the county to file for bankruptcy in December 1994. The county sued a dozen or more securities companies, advisors and accountants, but Merrill settled without admitting liability in June 1998. The county was able to recover about $600 million in total, including the $400 million from Merrill.
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Main article: 2007 subprime mortgage financial crisis
In November 2007, Merrill Lynch announced it would write-down $8.4 billion in losses associated with the national housing crisis, and would remove E. Stanley O'Neal as its chief executive.[25] O'Neal had earlier approached Wachovia bank for a merger, without prior Board approval, but the talks ended after O'Neal's dismissal.[25] Merrill Lynch named John Thain as its new CEO that month.[25] In his first days at work in December 2007, Thain made changes in Merrill Lynch's top management, announcing that he would bring in former New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) colleagues such as Nelson Chai as CFO and Margaret D. Tutwiler as head of communications.[26][27] Later that month, the firm announced it would sell its commercial finance business to General Electric, and would sell off major shares of its stock to Temasek Holdings, a Singapore government investment group, in an effort to raise capital.[28] The deal raised over $6 billion.[28]
In July 2008, Thain announced $4.9 billion fourth quarter losses for the company from defaults and bad investments in the ongoing mortgage crisis.[29] In one year between July 2007 and July 2008, Merrill Lynch lost $19.2 billion, or $52 million daily.[29] The company's stock price had also declined significantly during that time.[29] Two weeks later, the company announced the sale of select hedge funds and securities in an effort to reduce their exposure to mortgage related investments.[30] Temasek Holdings agreed to purchase the funds and increase its investment in the company by $3.4 billion.[31]
Andrew Cuomo, New York Attorney General, threatened to sue Merrill Lynch in August 2008 over its misrepresentation of the risk on mortgage-backed securities.[32] A week earlier, Merrill Lynch had offered to buy back $12 billion in auction-rate debt and said it was surprised by the lawsuit.[32] Three days later, the company froze hiring and revealed that it had charged almost $30 billion in losses to their subsidiary in the United Kingdom, exempting them from taxes in that country.[33] On August 22, 2008, CEO John Thain announced an agreement with the Massachusetts Secretary of State to buy back all auction-rate securities from customers with less than $100 million in deposit with the firm, beginning in October 2008 and expanding in January 2009.[34] On September 5, 2008 Goldman Sachs downgraded Merrill Lynch's stock to "conviction sell" and warned of further losses at the company.[35] Bloomberg reported in September 2008 that Merrill Lynch had lost $51.8 billion on mortgage-backed securities as part of the subprime mortgage crisis.[35]
CDO controversies[edit]
Merrill Lynch, like many other banks, became heavily involved in the mortgage-based collateralized debt obligation (CDO) market in the early 2000s. According to an article in Credit magazine, Merrill's rise to be the leader of the CDO market began in 2003 when Christopher Ricciardi brought his CDO team from Credit Suisse First Boston to Merrill.[36] In 2005 Merrill took out advertisements in the back of Derivatives Week magazine, touting the fact that its Global Markets and Investing Group was the "#1 global underwriter of CDOs in 2004".[37] To provide a ready supply of mortgages for the CDOs, Merrill purchased First Franklin Financial Corp., one of the largest subprime lenders in the country, in December 2006.[38] BusinessWeek would later describe how between 2006 and 2007, Merrill was "lead underwriter" on 136 CDOs worth $93 billion. By the end of 2007, the value of these CDOs was collapsing, but Merrill had held onto portions of them, creating billions of dollars in losses for the company.[39] In mid-2008, Merrill sold a group of CDOs that had once been valued at $30.6 billion to Lone Star Funds for $1.7 billion in cash and a $5.1 billion loan.[40][41]
In April 2009, bond insurance company MBIA sued Merrill Lynch for fraud and five other violations. These were related to the credit default swap "insurance" contracts Merrill had bought from MBIA on four of Merrill's mortgage-based collateralized debt obligations. These were the "ML-Series" CDOs, Broderick CDO 2, Highridge ABS CDO I, Broderick CDO 3, and Newbury Street CDO. MBIA claimed, among other things, that Merrill defrauded MBIA about the quality of these CDOs, and that it was using the complicated nature of these particular CDOs (CDOs squared and cubed) to hide the problems it knew about in the securities that the CDOs were based on. However, in 2010 Justice Bernard Fried disallowed all but one of the charges: the claim by MBIA that Merrill had committed breach of contract by promising the CDOs were worthy of an AAA rating when, it alleges, in reality they weren't. When the CDOs lost value, MBIA wound up owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed MBIA's claims.[42][43][44]
In 2009 Rabobank sued Merrill over a CDO named Norma. Rabobank later claimed that its case against Merrill was very similar to the SEC's fraud charges against Goldman Sachs and its Abacaus CDOs. Rabobank alleged that a hedge fund named Magnetar Capital had chosen assets to go into Norma, and allegedly bet against them, but that Merrill had not informed Rabobank of this fact. Instead, Rabobank alleges that Merrill told it that NIR Group was selecting the assets. When the CDO value tanked, Rabobank was left owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed the arguments of Rabobank, with a spokesman claiming "The two matters are unrelated and the claims today are not only unfounded but weren’t included in the Rabobank lawsuit filed nearly a year ago".[45][46][47][48]
Sale to Bank of America[edit]
Main article: Bank of America
Significant losses were attributed to the drop in value of its large and unhedged mortgage portfolio in the form of collateralized debt obligations. Trading partners' loss of confidence in Merrill Lynch's solvency and ability to refinance short-term debt ultimately led to its sale.[49][50] During the week of September 8, 2008, Lehman Brothers came under severe liquidity pressures, with its survival in question. If Lehman Brothers failed, investors were afraid that the contagion could spread to the other surviving investment banks. (Lehman Brothers filed bankruptcy on September 15, 2008, after government officials could not find a merger partner for it.)
On Sunday, September 14, 2008, Bank of America announced it was in talks to purchase Merrill Lynch for $38.25 billion in stock.[51] The Wall Street Journal reported later that day that Merrill Lynch was sold to Bank of America for 0.8595 shares of Bank of America common stock for each Merrill Lynch common share, or about US$50 billion or $29 per share.[52] This price represented a 70.1% premium over the September 12 closing price or a 38% premium over Merrill's book value of $21 a share,[53] but that also meant a discount of 61% from its September 2007 price.[54] Congressional testimony by Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis, as well as internal emails released by the House Oversight Committee, indicate that Bank of America was threatened with the firings of the management and board of Bank of America as well as damaging the relationship between the bank and federal regulators, if Bank of America did not go through with the acquisition of Merrill Lynch.[55][56][57]
In March 2009 it was reported that in 2008, Merrill Lynch received billions of dollars from its insurance arrangements with AIG, including $6.8 billion from funds provided by the United States taxpayers to bail out AIG.[58][59]
Regulatory actions[edit]
Analyst Research settlement[edit]
In 2002, Merrill Lynch settled for a fine of $100 million for publishing misleading research. As part of the agreement with the New York attorney general and other state securities regulators, Merrill Lynch agreed to increase research disclosure and work to decouple research from investment banking.[60]
A well known analyst at Merrill Lynch named Henry Blodget wrote in company e-mails in which Blodget gave assessments about stocks which conflicted with what was publicly published by Merrill. In 2003, he was charged with civil securities fraud by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. He settled without admitting or denying the allegations and was subsequently barred from the securities industry for life. He paid a $2 million fine and $2 million disgorgement.
The CEO at that time, David Komansky, said, "I want ... to publicly apologize to our clients, our shareholders, and our employees," for the company falling short of its professional standards in research.
Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge[edit]
In 2004 convictions of Merrill executives marked the only instance in the Enron investigation where the government criminally charged any officials from the banks and securities firms that allegedly helped the energy giant execute its accounting fraud. The case revolved around a 1999 transaction involving Merrill, Enron and the sale of some electricity-producing barges off the coast of Nigeria. The charges alleged that the 1999 sale of an interest in Nigerian energy barges by an Enron entity to Merrill Lynch was a sham that allowed Enron to illegally book about $12 million in pretax profit, when in fact there was no real sale and no real profit.
Four former Merrill top executives and two former midlevel Enron officials faced conspiracy and fraud charges. Merrill cut its own deal, firing bankers and agreeing to the outside oversight of its structured-finance transactions. It also settled civil fraud charges brought by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, without admitting or denying fault.[61]
Discrimination charges[edit]
On June 26, 2007, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) brought suit against Merrill Lynch,[62] alleging the firm discriminated against Dr. Majid Borumand because of his Iranian nationality and Islamic religion, with "reckless disregard" for his protected civil rights.[63] The EEOC lawsuit maintains that violations by members of the firm were intentional and committed with malice. In another case concerning mistreatment of another Iranian employee by Merrill Lynch on July 20, 2007, a NASD arbitration panel ordered Merrill Lynch to pay its former Iranian employee, Fariborz Zojaji, $1.6 million for firing him due to his Persian ethnicity.[64][65][66] Merrill Lynch's actions prompted reactions from both the National Iranian-American council, and the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee.[67]
In its June 2008 issue, Diversity Inc. named Merrill Lynch one of the top 10 companies for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender employees, and the seventh-best top company in the US for diversity overall. In 2007, Merrill Lynch was named the second-best company in the US for people with disabilities by Diversity Magazine.[68] As of June 5, 2008, Merrill Lynch has created the West Asian, Middle Eastern and North African (WAMENA) Professional Network to help support and provide additional resources for employees of diverse backgrounds. In May 2008, Merrill Lynch was named the No.1 US company for "Diverse College Graduates" by Diversity Edge magazine, edging out Microsoft for the top spot on the rankings.[69]
New Jersey appeals court on August 13, 2008 rendered a ruling against Merrill Lynch in a discrimination lawsuit filed by a gay employee.[70]
Market timing settlement[edit]
In 2002 Merrill Lynch settled for a $10 million civil penalty as a result of improper activities that took place out of the firm's Fort Lee New Jersey office. Three financial advisors, and a fourth who was involved to a lesser degree, placed 12,457 trades for a client Millennium Partners in at least 521 mutual funds and 63 mutual fund sub-accounts of at least 40 variable annuities. Millennium made profits in over half of the funds and fund sub-accounts. In those funds where Millennium made profits, its gains totaled about $60 million. Merrill Lynch failed to reasonably supervise these financial advisers, whose market timing siphoned short-term profits out of mutual funds and harmed long-term investors.[71]
2008 bonus payments[edit]
Merrill Lynch arranged for payment of billions in bonuses for 2008 performance in what appeared to be "special timing", despite reported losses of $27 billion. These bonuses totaling $3.6 billion were one-third of the money they received from the feds' TARP bailout.
The Merrill bonuses were determined by Merrill's Compensation Committee at its meeting of December 8, 2008, shortly after BOA shareholders approved the merger but before financial results for the fourth quarter had been determined. This appeared to be a departure from normal company practice, since the type of bonus Merrill awarded was a performance bonus that, according to company policy, was supposed to reflect all four quarters of performance and was paid in January or later. In this case, however, the bonuses were awarded in December before fourth-quarter performance had been determined.
They were also very large relative to the TARP monies allocated to Merrill. The Merrill bonuses were the equivalent of 36.2% of TARP monies Treasury allocated to Merrill. Merrill employees had to have a salary of at least $300,000 and have attained the title of Vice President or higher to be eligible.[72][73]
Industry awards[edit]

Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 Top 1000 Advisors[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 Top 1000 Advisors
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state
Institutional Investor

Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Fixed-Income Research Team Survey
Ranked No.1 for Pan European coverage in the 2009 All-Europe Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 for Emerging EMEA coverage
Ranked No.3 in the 2009 All-Latin America survey and No.2 in the All-Brazil survey
Ranked No.5 in the 2009 All-Asia Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Equity Research Team Survey


Alpha Magazine – Ranked No.3 by hedge funds in survey for All-Asia research teams
Forbes/Zacks – Best Brokerage for stock picking and estimate accuracy; captured more than twice the awards of the runner-up. Seven out of 12 analysts named to "Dazzling Dozen"
Wall Street Journal "Best on the Street Stock Picking" Award – No.3 in the U.S.; 17 ranked analysts
Thomson Reuters Extel – No.1 for Pan-European Equity Sectors Rsch; No.2 for Pan-European Equity & Equity Linked Rsch; No.2 for Continental European Small & Mid Caps Rsch
Financial Times/StarMine

Ranked No.1 Global Broker, No.1 US Broker; No.2 Europe Broker and No.5 Pan-Asia Broker; received 42 individual analyst awards (May 2009)
Ranked No.1 in the U.S., No.2 in Latin America, No.2 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, No.3 in Developed Europe in the 2009 for earnings forecasts; Ranked No.4 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, and No.5 in Latin America in the 2009 for Stock Recommendations[75]


At The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013, Bank of America Merrill Lynch won "Most Innovative Investment Bank"[76]

Organizational Structure[edit]
The organization structure of Merrill Lynch stemmed down from John Thain, the former Chairman, President, and CEO of the firm. Under his direct supervision are seven vital positions within the overall firm. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and Chairmen of the variety of sectors within Merrill Lynch, such as investment banking, typically occupy these positions. Below these upper management authorities are the lower management employers, who manage a further subdivision of a particular sector of Merrill Lynch. The lower management employers supervise the employees who specialize within a sector of the firm, for example, consultants (“Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.”).[77]
Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary[edit]
Merrill Lynch is a subsidiary company that is entirely owned by Bank of America (“Merrill Lynch”).[78] Prior to the merger, Merrill Lynch issued debt instruments to a number of companies. However, once it became a fully owned entity under Bank of America, Bank of America did not assume the guarantees in debt offered by Merrill Lynch & Co. (full name while independent firm) ("Merrill Lynch").[79] Instead, as principal subsidiary, Merrill Lynch lends and borrows with Bank of America to provide a more centralized liquidity management ("Merrill Lynch").[79]
Merrill Edge[edit]
Merrill Edge is a discount brokerage service provided by Merrill Lynch.[80] The online service was launched on 21 June 2010.[81][82][83] The service was expected to compete with similar firms like Charles Schwab Corporation and E*Trade. Before the launching of this service, Merrill Lynch worked with clients who had over $250,000 of liquid assets. This service was designed to allow a wider demographic to invest with Bank of America. According to the website, the service offers "the investments insights of Merrill Lynch plus the convenience of Bank of America banking". Other competitors listed are Ameritrade and Fidelity Investments.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



Comparison of online brokerages
Broker-dealer
Calibuso, et al. v. Bank of America Corp., et al.
Credit crunch
Global settlement
Liquidity crisis
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. v. Dabit, a 2006 Supreme Court case involving securities fraud claims.
Merrill Lynch's Application
Primary dealers
World Wealth Report
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. v. Manning, a 2016 Supreme Court case involving naked short selling claims.

References[edit]


^ a b "Bank of America Corporation Annual Report 2012" (PDF). Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 22 December 2013. 
^ "Charles Merrill, Broker, Dies; Founder of Merrill Lynch Firm". The New York Times. October 7, 1956. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Wealth Management". Merrill Lynch Wealth Management. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Merrill Lynch". Ml.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Sep 2008, the same weekend that Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail.
^ Jan 2009 – see Crash of the Titans by Greg Farrell
^ "Bank of America Finishes Merger of Merrill Lynch Into Parent". Bloomberg. 21 January 2013. Retrieved 1 October 2013. 
^ "Bank of America Simplifies Corporate Structure". Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "McCrory Stores Corporation," display advertisement, The New York Times, December 15, 1915, p. 18. In full: An Investment embracing safety, good income, and possibilities for considerable advancement in market value is presented in the Preferred Stock of the McCrory Stores Corporation. Price to yield 7%. Write for Circular T. M. MERRILL, LYNCH & CO. 7 Wall Street, NEW YORK. Penobscot Bldg. DETROIT. Telephone Rector 4940.
^ "Wire House". Time (1). February 4, 1935. 
^ "Bigger Biggest". Time. November 10, 1930. 
^ Curious Services. Life. June 27, 1938. 
^ a b David A. Heenan; Warren Bennis (1999). Co-leaders: the power of great partnerships. John Wiley and Sons. 
^ "$15,000,000 Sought By Crucible Steel." The New York Times, December 19, 1940, p. 39, lists "Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt," with a single comma following Lynch and the word "and" rather than an ampersand, as one of a number of firms underwriting an issue of bonds by Montana-Dakota Utilities Company.
^ Barrie A. Wigmore (1985). The crash and its aftermath: a history of securities markets in the United States, 1929–1933. Greenwood Publishing Group. 
^ "Revising a Sonorous Piece of Americana: Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith." The New York Times, December 31, 1957, p. 29
^ "Christopher J. Devine, 58, Dies; A Dealer in Government Bonds" The New York Times, May 11, 1963, Section Business & Finance, Page 25
^ "Wall Street: A Sweet Deal," Time magazine, May 22, 1964
^ "Merrill Lynch ups stake in TMS". The Japan Times. 2003-12-31. Retrieved 2017-01-09. 
^ Merrill Lynch – Total Merrill – Total Merrill. Askmerrill.ml.com (November 18, 2009). Retrieved July 11, 2011.
^ Edwin J. Perkins (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. Cambridge University Press. 
^ Ron Chernow (1990). The House of Morgan. Touchstone Books. 
^ James B. Stewart, Den of Thieves, Touchstone Books, 1992. "[I]n 1971, Wall Street was still split between the "Jewish" and the "WASP" firms. At an earlier time, when major corporations and banks had discriminated overtly against Jews, Wall Street had rewarded merit and enterprise. Firms like Goldman, Sachs, Lehman Brothers, and Kuhn, Loeb & Co. (made up historically of Jews of German descent) had joined the ranks of the most prestigious WASP firms: Morgan Stanley—an outgrowth of J. P. Morgan's financial empire—First Boston, Dillon, Read, and Brown Brothers Harriman. Giant Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith, something of an anomaly, had once been considered the "Catholic" firm. Kidder, Peabody remained firmly in the WASP camp."
^ "Merrill Lynch Quacks Like a Bank", Fortune, October 20, 1980
^ a b c Jenny Anderson (November 15, 2007). "NYSE Chief Is Chosen to Lead Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Hires Finance Chief". The New York Times. December 4, 2007. Retrieved December 12, 2007. 
^ "Tutwiler follows Thain to Merrill". Investment News. December 11, 2007. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ a b Eric Dash (December 25, 2007). "Merrill Lynch Sells Stake to Singapore Firm". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b c Louise Story (July 11, 2008). "Chief Struggles to Revive Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Announces Substantial Sale of U.S. ABS CDOs, Exposure Reduction of $11.1 billion". Market Watch. July 28, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to cut mortgage-backed securities, raise new capital by issuing shares". International Herald Tribune. July 29, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b "Lawsuit threat to Merrill Lynch". British Broadcasting Corporation. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch freezes jobs and UK tax liability". The Banking Times. August 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Frank Quaratiello (August 22, 2008). "Merrill Lynch settles up". The Boston Herald. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b Brett Miller; Chua Kong Ho (September 5, 2008). "Merrill Lynch Cut to 'Sell' at Goldman on Writedowns". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Dalia Fahmy (May 1, 2005). "Merrill Lynch (profile)". Credit magazine (as reprinted at risk.net). Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ "Derivatives Week, Merrill Lynch advertisement" (PDF). November 7, 2005. Retrieved April 29, 2010. [permanent dead link]
^ Tully, Shawn (November 12, 2007). "Wall Street's money machine breaks down". CNN. Archived from the original on January 9, 2011. 
^ Goldstein, Matthew (October 25, 2007). "Why Merrill Lynch Got Burned". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 
^ Keoun, Bradley; Harper, Christine (July 29, 2008). "Merrill to Sell $8.5 billion of Stock, Unload CDOs". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Roddy (August 6, 2008). "Merrill's picked pockets". CNN. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ Supreme Court of New York County (April 2009). "MBIA Insurance Co. v Merrill Lynch" (PDF). MBIA. Archived from the original (PDF) on December 18, 2010. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Ng, Serena (May 1, 2009). "MBIA Sues Merrill Lynch". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Edith Honan, ed. Gerald E. McCormick (April 9, 2010). "Update 1-Judge dismisses most of MBIA's suit vs Merrill". Reuters. 
^ Eisinger, Jesse; Bernstein, Jake (April 9, 2010). "A Lawsuit Suggests Merrill Lynch's Role". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Pickhardt, Jonathan (April 16, 2010). "Letter to Judge Bernard Fried, NY Supreme Court re: Rabobank and Merrill Lynch". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Mollenkamp, Carrick & Ng, Serena (December 27, 2007). "Wall Street Wizardry Amplified Credit Crisis". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ McQuillen, William (April 16, 2010). "Merrill Used Same Alleged Fraud as Goldman, Bank Says". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 August 2014. 
^ Morgenson, Gretchen (November 8, 2008). "The Reckoning: How the Thundering Herd Faltered and Fell". The New York Times. Retrieved November 13, 2008. Some banks were so concerned that they considered stopping trading with Merrill if Lehman went under, according to participants in the Federal Reserve's weekend meetings on Sept. 13 and 14 [2008] 
^ Paulden, Pierre (August 26, 2008). "Merrill, Wachovia Hit With Record Refinancing Bill (Update1)". Bloomberg News. Retrieved November 12, 2008. In response to a slump in demand for their bonds, financial firms, which have incurred $504 billion of writedowns and credit losses since the start of 2007, are selling assets such as mortgage securities and collateralized debt obligations at fire-sale prices to pay down looming maturities 
^ Andrew Ross Sorkin (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America in Talks to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. 
^ Matthew Karnitschnig; Carrick Mollenkamp; Dan Fitzpatrick (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America Reaches Deal for Merrill". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20080916074747/http://www.newsweek.com/id/159010. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 16, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Rusli, Evelyn (September 15, 2008). "The Universal Appeal Of BofA". Forbes. 
^ LOUISE STORY & JO BECKER (June 11, 2009). "Bank Chief Tells of U.S. Pressure to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Scott Lanman & Craig Torres (June 10, 2009). "Republican Staff Says Fed Overstepped on Merrill Deal (Update1)". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Barbara Barrett (June 10, 2009). "BofA documents, e-mails show pressure to buy Merrill Lynch". The Miami Herald. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ Eamon Javers, "AIG ships billions in bailout abroad", Politico, March 15, 2009
^ "A.I.G. Lists Firms It Paid With Taxpayer Money". The New York Times. March 15, 2009. 
^ "Merrill to pay $125 million settlement to investors". Reuters. September 5, 2007. 
^ Ackman, Dan (September 20, 2004). "Enron's Nigeria Barge: The Real Deal". Forbes. 
^ Associated, The. (June 27, 2007) "U.S. Sues Merrill on Treatment of Muslim". The New York Times. June 27, 2007. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "EEOC vs. Merrill Lynch $ Co. – Complaint]" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Discrimination Ruling Another Black Eye for Merrill". EFinancialCareers. Archived from the original on July 10, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Fired Iranian broker wins $1.6M from Merrill". International Herald Tribune. March 29, 2009. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Amended Award" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. July 20, 2007. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "EEOC: Merrill Lynch Hired Iranian for His Brains, Fired Him for His Nationality". NIA Council. July 4, 2007. Archived from the original on June 19, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "PPCo. Epubxpress". Diversityinc.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "The Diversity Edge Announces its 2008 Best Companies for Diverse Graduates". The Diversity Edge. May 29, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Single Anti-Gay Remark Sufficient for Hostile Workplace Claim, N.J. Court Says". Law.com. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to Pay $10 million in New Jersey Settlement". ConsumerAffairs.com. March 15, 2005. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Story, Louise (February 12, 2009). "Nearly 700 at Merrill in Million-Dollar Club". The New York Times. Retrieved March 27, 2010.  Missing |last1= in Authors list (help)
^ Weiner, Rachel (March 30, 2009). "Merrill Lynch Bonuses 22 Times The Size Of AIG". Huffington Post. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ a b Mcgee, Suzanne (February 22, 2010). "The Best U.S. Financial Advisors". Barron's. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research Rankings". Ml.com. Archived from the original on July 13, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013 – the winners. The Banker. Retrieved on 2013-10-23.
^ "Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ EPLZzYhK. "Merrill Lynch" Check |url= value (help). Retrieved October 19, 2012. 
^ a b "Equity Compensation Plan". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ "Merrill Edge Official Website". Retrieved 16 March 2015. 
^ "Bank of America Launches New ‘Merrill Edge’ Online Investing Tool". MyBankTracker. 2 May 2011. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Veneziani, Vince (17 June 2010). "Merrill Lynch Launching Online Discount Brokerage Next Monday". Business Insider. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Southall, Brooke (20 June 2010). "Why the launch of Merrill Edge may be a shrewder move by BoA than it first appears". RIA Biz. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Farrell, Greg (2010). Crash of the Titans: Greed, Hubris, the Fall of Merrill Lynch, and the Near-Collapse of Bank of America. New York: Crown Business. ISBN 978-0-307-71786-3. 
Perkins, Edwin (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-63029-0. 
Stiles, Paul (1998). Riding the Bull: My Year in the Madness at Merrill Lynch. New York: Times Business. ISBN 978-0-8129-2789-4. 

External links[edit]

Official website
Total Merrill Website
Yahoo! Finance – "Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. Company Profile"
Merrill Lynch Names Thomas J. Sanzone As Chief Administrative Officer
"Blundering Herd" by Bethany McLean and Joe Nocera, Nov 2010 Vanity Fair p. 179







v
t
e


Bank of America



Divisions



Bank of America Home Loans
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch
U.S. Trust








Historical components



Banc of America Securities
Bank of America, Los Angeles
Bank of America NT&SA
Bank of Italy
Bank of New England
BankBoston
Barnett Bank
Baybank
Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan
Boatmen's Bancshares
Cassatt & Company
Central Bank and Trust
Citizens & Southern National Bank
Commercial National Bank
Continental Illinois
Countrywide Financial
E.A. Pierce & Co.
Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles
First Franklin
First Republic Bank Corporation
Fleet Bank
Fourth Financial Corporation
G. H. Walker & Co.
Gibraltar Savings and Loan
LaSalle Bank
Mercury Asset Management
MBNA/Maryland National Bank
Michigan National Bank
Montgomery Securities
NationsBank
North Carolina National Bank
Provident Institution for Savings
Rainier Bancorp
Robertson Stephens
Seafirst Bank
Security Pacific Bank
Shawmut Bank
Standard Federal Bank
Sovran Bank
Summit Bancorp
Suretrade
Western Savings and Loan
White Weld & Co.





Buildings



555 California Street (San Francisco)
701 Brickell Avenue
Albuquerque Plaza
American Security and Trust Company Building (Washington, D.C.)
Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
Bank of America Building (Midland)
Bank of America Building (Oakland)
Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
Bank of America Center (Houston)
Bank of America Center (Los Angeles)
Bank of America Center (Norfolk)
Bank of America Center (Tulsa)
Bank of America Corporate Center (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
Bank of America Plaza (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Chicago)
Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)
Bank of America Plaza (Fort Lauderdale)
Bank of America Plaza (St. Louis)
Bank of America Plaza (Tampa)
Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville)
Bank of America Tower (Manhattan)
Bank of America Tower (Phoenix)
Bank of America Tower (St. Petersburg)
Boulder Towers
Hearst Tower (Charlotte)
Miami Tower
Museum Tower








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Merrill_Lynch&oldid=792209563"					
Categories: Brokerage firmsMerrill LynchBank of America legacy banksCompanies established in 1914Banks based in New York CityInvestment management companies of the United StatesOnline brokeragesPrimary dealersCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeSubprime mortgage crisis2009 acquisitionsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsArticles with dead external links from September 2010CS1 errors: missing author or editorPages with URL errorsUse mdy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 04:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Merrill Lynch - Wikipedia





















 






Merrill Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, a wealth management division of Bank of America, and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. as an independent company prior to its January 2009 acquisition by Bank of America. For the corporate and investment banking division of Bank of America, see Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Merrill Lynch Wealth Management





Type

Division[1]


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1914; 103 years ago (1914)


Headquarters
250 Vesey Street
New York City
United States



Area served

Worldwide


Services
Investment management


Revenue
US$13.8 billion (2012)[1]



Number of employees

15,100 (Financial Advisors 2010)


Parent
Bank of America


Website
ML.com



Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.


Former type

Corporation


Industry
Financial services


Fate
Acquired by Bank of America (January 2009)
Merged into Bank of America Corporation (October 2013)


Successor
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management


Founded
1914 (as Charles E. Merrill & Co.)[2]


Founder
Charles E. Merrill
Edmund C. Lynch


Defunct
started closing in 2009 completely closed in 2013


Headquarters
Four World Financial Center
250 Vesey Street
New York, New York United States



Number of employees

60,000 (2008)


Website
www.ml.com


Merrill Lynch Wealth Management is a wealth management division of Bank of America.[3] The firm is headquartered in New York City, and occupies the entire 34 stories of 250 Vesey Street, part of the Brookfield Place complex, in Manhattan. Merrill Lynch employs over 15,000 financial advisors and manages $2.2 trillion in client assets.[4]
The firm has its origins in Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. which, prior to 2009, was publicly owned and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol MER. Merrill Lynch & Co. agreed to be acquired by Bank of America on September 14, 2008, at the height of the 2008 Financial Crisis.[5] The acquisition was completed in January 2009[6] and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. was merged into Bank of America Corporation in October 2013, although certain Bank of America subsidiaries continue to carry the Merrill Lynch name, including the broker-dealer Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith.[7][8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early history
1.2 Rise to prominence
1.3 Orange County settlement
1.4 Subprime mortgage crisis

1.4.1 CDO controversies


1.5 Sale to Bank of America


2 Regulatory actions

2.1 Analyst Research settlement
2.2 Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge
2.3 Discrimination charges
2.4 Market timing settlement
2.5 2008 bonus payments


3 Industry awards
4 Organizational Structure
5 Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary
6 Merrill Edge
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Founding and early history[edit]
The company was founded on January 6, 1914, when Charles E. Merrill opened his Charles E. Merrill & Co. for business at 7 Wall Street in New York City. A few months later, Merrill's friend, Edmund C. Lynch, joined him, and in 1915 the name was officially changed to Merrill, Lynch & Co. At that time, the firm's name included a comma between Merrill and Lynch.[9] In 1916, Winthrop H. Smith joined the firm.




Merrill Lynch logo c. 1917


In its early history, Merrill, Lynch & Co. made several successful investments. In 1921, the company purchased Pathé Exchange, which later became RKO Pictures. In 1926, the firm made its most significant financial investment at the time, purchasing a controlling interest in Safeway, transforming the small grocery store into the country's third largest grocery store chain by the early 1930s.
In 1930, Charles Merrill led the firm through a major restructuring, spinning-off the company's retail brokerage business to E.A. Pierce & Co. to focus on investment banking.[10][11] Along with the business, Merrill also transferred the bulk of its employees, including Edmund C. Lynch and Winthrop H. Smith. Charles Merrill received a minority interest in E.A. Pierce in the transaction. Throughout the 1930s, E.A. Pierce remained the largest brokerage in the U.S. The firm, led by Edward A. Pierce, Edmund Lynch and Winthrop Smith would also prove one of the most innovative in the industry, introducing IBM machines into the business' record keeping. Additionally, by 1938, E.A. Pierce would control the largest wire network with a private network of over 23,000 miles of telegraph wires. These wires were typically used for trade execution.[12]




E.A. Pierce & Co. (above) merged with Merrill Lynch in 1940. The following year Fenner & Beane (below) was acquired by the firm






Despite its strong position in the market, E.A. Pierce was struggling financially in the 1930s and was thinly capitalized.[13] Following the death of Edmund C. Lynch in 1938, Winthrop Smith began discussions with Charles E. Merrill, who owned a minority interest in E.A. Pierce about a possible merger of the two firms. On April 1, 1940, Merrill Lynch, merged with Edward A. Pierce's E.A. Pierce & Co. and Cassatt & Co., a Philadelphia-based brokerage firm in which both Merrill Lynch and E.A. Pierce held an interest.[13] and was briefly known as Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce, and Cassatt.[14] The company became the first on Wall Street to publish an annual fiscal report in 1941.




Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith logo in use prior to the firm's 1974 rebranding that introduced the "bull" logo


The following year, in 1941, Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt merged with Fenner & Beane, a New Orleans-based investment bank and commodities company. Throughout the 1930s, Fenner & Beane was consistently the second largest securities firm in the U.S. The combined firm, which became the clear leader in securities brokerage in the U.S., was renamed Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Beane.[15]
In 1952, the company formed Merrill Lynch & Co. as a holding company and officially incorporated after nearly half a century as a partnership. On December 31, 1957, The New York Times referred to that name as "a sonorous bit of Americana" and said "After sixteen years of popularizing [it], Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner, and Beane is going to change it—and thereby honor the man who has been largely responsible for making the name of a brokerage house part of an American saga," Winthrop H. Smith, who had been running the company since 1940. The merger made the company the largest securities firm in the world, with offices in over 98 cities and membership on 28 exchanges. At the start of the firm's fiscal year on March 1, 1958, the firm's name became 'Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith' and the company became a Big Board member of the New York Stock Exchange.[16]
In 1964, Merrill Lynch acquired C. J. Devine & Co the leading dealer in U.S. Government Securities. The merger came together due to the death of Christopher J. Devine in May 1963.[17] The C. J. Devine & Co. partners, referred to as "The Devine Boys", formed Merrill Lynch Government Securities Inc., giving the firm a strong presence in the government securities market. The Government Securities business brought Merrill Lynch the needed leverage to establish many of the unique money market products and government bond mutual fund products, responsible for much of the firm's growth in the 1970s and 1980s.[18]
In 2003, Merrill Lynch became the second-largest shareholder for the Japanese animation studio, TMS Entertainment. In a report to the Finance Ministry, the Merrill Lynch group said it has acquired a 7.54 percent stake in TMS by purchasing some 3.33 million shares. Merrill Lynch purchased the stake purely for investment purposes and had no intention of acquiring control of the firm’s management.[19]
Rise to prominence[edit]
Merrill Lynch rose to prominence on the strength of its brokerage network (15,000+ as of 2006),[20] sometimes referred to as the "thundering herd", that allowed it to place securities it underwrote directly.[21] In contrast, many established Wall Street firms, such as Morgan Stanley, relied on groups of independent brokers for placement of the securities they underwrote.[22] Until as late as 1970, it was known as the "Catholic" firm of Wall Street.[23] The firm went public in 1971 and became a multinational corporation with over US $1.8 trillion in client assets, operating in more than 40 countries around the world. In 1977, the company introduced its Cash Management Account (CMA), which enabled customers to sweep all their cash into a money market mutual fund, and included check-writing capabilities and a credit card. Fortune magazine called it "the most important financial innovation in years".[24] In 1978, it significantly buttressed its securities underwriting business by acquiring White Weld & Co., a small but prestigious old-line investment bank. Merrill Lynch was well known for its Global Private Client services and its strong sales force.
Orange County settlement[edit]
Merrill Lynch settled with Orange County, California, for a massive $400 million to settle accusations that it sold inappropriate and risky investments to former county treasurer Robert Citron. Citron lost $1.69 billion, which forced the county to file for bankruptcy in December 1994. The county sued a dozen or more securities companies, advisors and accountants, but Merrill settled without admitting liability in June 1998. The county was able to recover about $600 million in total, including the $400 million from Merrill.
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Main article: 2007 subprime mortgage financial crisis
In November 2007, Merrill Lynch announced it would write-down $8.4 billion in losses associated with the national housing crisis, and would remove E. Stanley O'Neal as its chief executive.[25] O'Neal had earlier approached Wachovia bank for a merger, without prior Board approval, but the talks ended after O'Neal's dismissal.[25] Merrill Lynch named John Thain as its new CEO that month.[25] In his first days at work in December 2007, Thain made changes in Merrill Lynch's top management, announcing that he would bring in former New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) colleagues such as Nelson Chai as CFO and Margaret D. Tutwiler as head of communications.[26][27] Later that month, the firm announced it would sell its commercial finance business to General Electric, and would sell off major shares of its stock to Temasek Holdings, a Singapore government investment group, in an effort to raise capital.[28] The deal raised over $6 billion.[28]
In July 2008, Thain announced $4.9 billion fourth quarter losses for the company from defaults and bad investments in the ongoing mortgage crisis.[29] In one year between July 2007 and July 2008, Merrill Lynch lost $19.2 billion, or $52 million daily.[29] The company's stock price had also declined significantly during that time.[29] Two weeks later, the company announced the sale of select hedge funds and securities in an effort to reduce their exposure to mortgage related investments.[30] Temasek Holdings agreed to purchase the funds and increase its investment in the company by $3.4 billion.[31]
Andrew Cuomo, New York Attorney General, threatened to sue Merrill Lynch in August 2008 over its misrepresentation of the risk on mortgage-backed securities.[32] A week earlier, Merrill Lynch had offered to buy back $12 billion in auction-rate debt and said it was surprised by the lawsuit.[32] Three days later, the company froze hiring and revealed that it had charged almost $30 billion in losses to their subsidiary in the United Kingdom, exempting them from taxes in that country.[33] On August 22, 2008, CEO John Thain announced an agreement with the Massachusetts Secretary of State to buy back all auction-rate securities from customers with less than $100 million in deposit with the firm, beginning in October 2008 and expanding in January 2009.[34] On September 5, 2008 Goldman Sachs downgraded Merrill Lynch's stock to "conviction sell" and warned of further losses at the company.[35] Bloomberg reported in September 2008 that Merrill Lynch had lost $51.8 billion on mortgage-backed securities as part of the subprime mortgage crisis.[35]
CDO controversies[edit]
Merrill Lynch, like many other banks, became heavily involved in the mortgage-based collateralized debt obligation (CDO) market in the early 2000s. According to an article in Credit magazine, Merrill's rise to be the leader of the CDO market began in 2003 when Christopher Ricciardi brought his CDO team from Credit Suisse First Boston to Merrill.[36] In 2005 Merrill took out advertisements in the back of Derivatives Week magazine, touting the fact that its Global Markets and Investing Group was the "#1 global underwriter of CDOs in 2004".[37] To provide a ready supply of mortgages for the CDOs, Merrill purchased First Franklin Financial Corp., one of the largest subprime lenders in the country, in December 2006.[38] BusinessWeek would later describe how between 2006 and 2007, Merrill was "lead underwriter" on 136 CDOs worth $93 billion. By the end of 2007, the value of these CDOs was collapsing, but Merrill had held onto portions of them, creating billions of dollars in losses for the company.[39] In mid-2008, Merrill sold a group of CDOs that had once been valued at $30.6 billion to Lone Star Funds for $1.7 billion in cash and a $5.1 billion loan.[40][41]
In April 2009, bond insurance company MBIA sued Merrill Lynch for fraud and five other violations. These were related to the credit default swap "insurance" contracts Merrill had bought from MBIA on four of Merrill's mortgage-based collateralized debt obligations. These were the "ML-Series" CDOs, Broderick CDO 2, Highridge ABS CDO I, Broderick CDO 3, and Newbury Street CDO. MBIA claimed, among other things, that Merrill defrauded MBIA about the quality of these CDOs, and that it was using the complicated nature of these particular CDOs (CDOs squared and cubed) to hide the problems it knew about in the securities that the CDOs were based on. However, in 2010 Justice Bernard Fried disallowed all but one of the charges: the claim by MBIA that Merrill had committed breach of contract by promising the CDOs were worthy of an AAA rating when, it alleges, in reality they weren't. When the CDOs lost value, MBIA wound up owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed MBIA's claims.[42][43][44]
In 2009 Rabobank sued Merrill over a CDO named Norma. Rabobank later claimed that its case against Merrill was very similar to the SEC's fraud charges against Goldman Sachs and its Abacaus CDOs. Rabobank alleged that a hedge fund named Magnetar Capital had chosen assets to go into Norma, and allegedly bet against them, but that Merrill had not informed Rabobank of this fact. Instead, Rabobank alleges that Merrill told it that NIR Group was selecting the assets. When the CDO value tanked, Rabobank was left owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed the arguments of Rabobank, with a spokesman claiming "The two matters are unrelated and the claims today are not only unfounded but weren’t included in the Rabobank lawsuit filed nearly a year ago".[45][46][47][48]
Sale to Bank of America[edit]
Main article: Bank of America
Significant losses were attributed to the drop in value of its large and unhedged mortgage portfolio in the form of collateralized debt obligations. Trading partners' loss of confidence in Merrill Lynch's solvency and ability to refinance short-term debt ultimately led to its sale.[49][50] During the week of September 8, 2008, Lehman Brothers came under severe liquidity pressures, with its survival in question. If Lehman Brothers failed, investors were afraid that the contagion could spread to the other surviving investment banks. (Lehman Brothers filed bankruptcy on September 15, 2008, after government officials could not find a merger partner for it.)
On Sunday, September 14, 2008, Bank of America announced it was in talks to purchase Merrill Lynch for $38.25 billion in stock.[51] The Wall Street Journal reported later that day that Merrill Lynch was sold to Bank of America for 0.8595 shares of Bank of America common stock for each Merrill Lynch common share, or about US$50 billion or $29 per share.[52] This price represented a 70.1% premium over the September 12 closing price or a 38% premium over Merrill's book value of $21 a share,[53] but that also meant a discount of 61% from its September 2007 price.[54] Congressional testimony by Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis, as well as internal emails released by the House Oversight Committee, indicate that Bank of America was threatened with the firings of the management and board of Bank of America as well as damaging the relationship between the bank and federal regulators, if Bank of America did not go through with the acquisition of Merrill Lynch.[55][56][57]
In March 2009 it was reported that in 2008, Merrill Lynch received billions of dollars from its insurance arrangements with AIG, including $6.8 billion from funds provided by the United States taxpayers to bail out AIG.[58][59]
Regulatory actions[edit]
Analyst Research settlement[edit]
In 2002, Merrill Lynch settled for a fine of $100 million for publishing misleading research. As part of the agreement with the New York attorney general and other state securities regulators, Merrill Lynch agreed to increase research disclosure and work to decouple research from investment banking.[60]
A well known analyst at Merrill Lynch named Henry Blodget wrote in company e-mails in which Blodget gave assessments about stocks which conflicted with what was publicly published by Merrill. In 2003, he was charged with civil securities fraud by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. He settled without admitting or denying the allegations and was subsequently barred from the securities industry for life. He paid a $2 million fine and $2 million disgorgement.
The CEO at that time, David Komansky, said, "I want ... to publicly apologize to our clients, our shareholders, and our employees," for the company falling short of its professional standards in research.
Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge[edit]
In 2004 convictions of Merrill executives marked the only instance in the Enron investigation where the government criminally charged any officials from the banks and securities firms that allegedly helped the energy giant execute its accounting fraud. The case revolved around a 1999 transaction involving Merrill, Enron and the sale of some electricity-producing barges off the coast of Nigeria. The charges alleged that the 1999 sale of an interest in Nigerian energy barges by an Enron entity to Merrill Lynch was a sham that allowed Enron to illegally book about $12 million in pretax profit, when in fact there was no real sale and no real profit.
Four former Merrill top executives and two former midlevel Enron officials faced conspiracy and fraud charges. Merrill cut its own deal, firing bankers and agreeing to the outside oversight of its structured-finance transactions. It also settled civil fraud charges brought by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, without admitting or denying fault.[61]
Discrimination charges[edit]
On June 26, 2007, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) brought suit against Merrill Lynch,[62] alleging the firm discriminated against Dr. Majid Borumand because of his Iranian nationality and Islamic religion, with "reckless disregard" for his protected civil rights.[63] The EEOC lawsuit maintains that violations by members of the firm were intentional and committed with malice. In another case concerning mistreatment of another Iranian employee by Merrill Lynch on July 20, 2007, a NASD arbitration panel ordered Merrill Lynch to pay its former Iranian employee, Fariborz Zojaji, $1.6 million for firing him due to his Persian ethnicity.[64][65][66] Merrill Lynch's actions prompted reactions from both the National Iranian-American council, and the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee.[67]
In its June 2008 issue, Diversity Inc. named Merrill Lynch one of the top 10 companies for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender employees, and the seventh-best top company in the US for diversity overall. In 2007, Merrill Lynch was named the second-best company in the US for people with disabilities by Diversity Magazine.[68] As of June 5, 2008, Merrill Lynch has created the West Asian, Middle Eastern and North African (WAMENA) Professional Network to help support and provide additional resources for employees of diverse backgrounds. In May 2008, Merrill Lynch was named the No.1 US company for "Diverse College Graduates" by Diversity Edge magazine, edging out Microsoft for the top spot on the rankings.[69]
New Jersey appeals court on August 13, 2008 rendered a ruling against Merrill Lynch in a discrimination lawsuit filed by a gay employee.[70]
Market timing settlement[edit]
In 2002 Merrill Lynch settled for a $10 million civil penalty as a result of improper activities that took place out of the firm's Fort Lee New Jersey office. Three financial advisors, and a fourth who was involved to a lesser degree, placed 12,457 trades for a client Millennium Partners in at least 521 mutual funds and 63 mutual fund sub-accounts of at least 40 variable annuities. Millennium made profits in over half of the funds and fund sub-accounts. In those funds where Millennium made profits, its gains totaled about $60 million. Merrill Lynch failed to reasonably supervise these financial advisers, whose market timing siphoned short-term profits out of mutual funds and harmed long-term investors.[71]
2008 bonus payments[edit]
Merrill Lynch arranged for payment of billions in bonuses for 2008 performance in what appeared to be "special timing", despite reported losses of $27 billion. These bonuses totaling $3.6 billion were one-third of the money they received from the feds' TARP bailout.
The Merrill bonuses were determined by Merrill's Compensation Committee at its meeting of December 8, 2008, shortly after BOA shareholders approved the merger but before financial results for the fourth quarter had been determined. This appeared to be a departure from normal company practice, since the type of bonus Merrill awarded was a performance bonus that, according to company policy, was supposed to reflect all four quarters of performance and was paid in January or later. In this case, however, the bonuses were awarded in December before fourth-quarter performance had been determined.
They were also very large relative to the TARP monies allocated to Merrill. The Merrill bonuses were the equivalent of 36.2% of TARP monies Treasury allocated to Merrill. Merrill employees had to have a salary of at least $300,000 and have attained the title of Vice President or higher to be eligible.[72][73]
Industry awards[edit]

Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 Top 1000 Advisors[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 Top 1000 Advisors
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state
Institutional Investor

Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Fixed-Income Research Team Survey
Ranked No.1 for Pan European coverage in the 2009 All-Europe Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 for Emerging EMEA coverage
Ranked No.3 in the 2009 All-Latin America survey and No.2 in the All-Brazil survey
Ranked No.5 in the 2009 All-Asia Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Equity Research Team Survey


Alpha Magazine – Ranked No.3 by hedge funds in survey for All-Asia research teams
Forbes/Zacks – Best Brokerage for stock picking and estimate accuracy; captured more than twice the awards of the runner-up. Seven out of 12 analysts named to "Dazzling Dozen"
Wall Street Journal "Best on the Street Stock Picking" Award – No.3 in the U.S.; 17 ranked analysts
Thomson Reuters Extel – No.1 for Pan-European Equity Sectors Rsch; No.2 for Pan-European Equity & Equity Linked Rsch; No.2 for Continental European Small & Mid Caps Rsch
Financial Times/StarMine

Ranked No.1 Global Broker, No.1 US Broker; No.2 Europe Broker and No.5 Pan-Asia Broker; received 42 individual analyst awards (May 2009)
Ranked No.1 in the U.S., No.2 in Latin America, No.2 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, No.3 in Developed Europe in the 2009 for earnings forecasts; Ranked No.4 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, and No.5 in Latin America in the 2009 for Stock Recommendations[75]


At The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013, Bank of America Merrill Lynch won "Most Innovative Investment Bank"[76]

Organizational Structure[edit]
The organization structure of Merrill Lynch stemmed down from John Thain, the former Chairman, President, and CEO of the firm. Under his direct supervision are seven vital positions within the overall firm. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and Chairmen of the variety of sectors within Merrill Lynch, such as investment banking, typically occupy these positions. Below these upper management authorities are the lower management employers, who manage a further subdivision of a particular sector of Merrill Lynch. The lower management employers supervise the employees who specialize within a sector of the firm, for example, consultants (“Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.”).[77]
Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary[edit]
Merrill Lynch is a subsidiary company that is entirely owned by Bank of America (“Merrill Lynch”).[78] Prior to the merger, Merrill Lynch issued debt instruments to a number of companies. However, once it became a fully owned entity under Bank of America, Bank of America did not assume the guarantees in debt offered by Merrill Lynch & Co. (full name while independent firm) ("Merrill Lynch").[79] Instead, as principal subsidiary, Merrill Lynch lends and borrows with Bank of America to provide a more centralized liquidity management ("Merrill Lynch").[79]
Merrill Edge[edit]
Merrill Edge is a discount brokerage service provided by Merrill Lynch.[80] The online service was launched on 21 June 2010.[81][82][83] The service was expected to compete with similar firms like Charles Schwab Corporation and E*Trade. Before the launching of this service, Merrill Lynch worked with clients who had over $250,000 of liquid assets. This service was designed to allow a wider demographic to invest with Bank of America. According to the website, the service offers "the investments insights of Merrill Lynch plus the convenience of Bank of America banking". Other competitors listed are Ameritrade and Fidelity Investments.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



Comparison of online brokerages
Broker-dealer
Calibuso, et al. v. Bank of America Corp., et al.
Credit crunch
Global settlement
Liquidity crisis
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. v. Dabit, a 2006 Supreme Court case involving securities fraud claims.
Merrill Lynch's Application
Primary dealers
World Wealth Report
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. v. Manning, a 2016 Supreme Court case involving naked short selling claims.

References[edit]


^ a b "Bank of America Corporation Annual Report 2012" (PDF). Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 22 December 2013. 
^ "Charles Merrill, Broker, Dies; Founder of Merrill Lynch Firm". The New York Times. October 7, 1956. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Wealth Management". Merrill Lynch Wealth Management. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Merrill Lynch". Ml.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Sep 2008, the same weekend that Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail.
^ Jan 2009 – see Crash of the Titans by Greg Farrell
^ "Bank of America Finishes Merger of Merrill Lynch Into Parent". Bloomberg. 21 January 2013. Retrieved 1 October 2013. 
^ "Bank of America Simplifies Corporate Structure". Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "McCrory Stores Corporation," display advertisement, The New York Times, December 15, 1915, p. 18. In full: An Investment embracing safety, good income, and possibilities for considerable advancement in market value is presented in the Preferred Stock of the McCrory Stores Corporation. Price to yield 7%. Write for Circular T. M. MERRILL, LYNCH & CO. 7 Wall Street, NEW YORK. Penobscot Bldg. DETROIT. Telephone Rector 4940.
^ "Wire House". Time (1). February 4, 1935. 
^ "Bigger Biggest". Time. November 10, 1930. 
^ Curious Services. Life. June 27, 1938. 
^ a b David A. Heenan; Warren Bennis (1999). Co-leaders: the power of great partnerships. John Wiley and Sons. 
^ "$15,000,000 Sought By Crucible Steel." The New York Times, December 19, 1940, p. 39, lists "Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt," with a single comma following Lynch and the word "and" rather than an ampersand, as one of a number of firms underwriting an issue of bonds by Montana-Dakota Utilities Company.
^ Barrie A. Wigmore (1985). The crash and its aftermath: a history of securities markets in the United States, 1929–1933. Greenwood Publishing Group. 
^ "Revising a Sonorous Piece of Americana: Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith." The New York Times, December 31, 1957, p. 29
^ "Christopher J. Devine, 58, Dies; A Dealer in Government Bonds" The New York Times, May 11, 1963, Section Business & Finance, Page 25
^ "Wall Street: A Sweet Deal," Time magazine, May 22, 1964
^ "Merrill Lynch ups stake in TMS". The Japan Times. 2003-12-31. Retrieved 2017-01-09. 
^ Merrill Lynch – Total Merrill – Total Merrill. Askmerrill.ml.com (November 18, 2009). Retrieved July 11, 2011.
^ Edwin J. Perkins (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. Cambridge University Press. 
^ Ron Chernow (1990). The House of Morgan. Touchstone Books. 
^ James B. Stewart, Den of Thieves, Touchstone Books, 1992. "[I]n 1971, Wall Street was still split between the "Jewish" and the "WASP" firms. At an earlier time, when major corporations and banks had discriminated overtly against Jews, Wall Street had rewarded merit and enterprise. Firms like Goldman, Sachs, Lehman Brothers, and Kuhn, Loeb & Co. (made up historically of Jews of German descent) had joined the ranks of the most prestigious WASP firms: Morgan Stanley—an outgrowth of J. P. Morgan's financial empire—First Boston, Dillon, Read, and Brown Brothers Harriman. Giant Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith, something of an anomaly, had once been considered the "Catholic" firm. Kidder, Peabody remained firmly in the WASP camp."
^ "Merrill Lynch Quacks Like a Bank", Fortune, October 20, 1980
^ a b c Jenny Anderson (November 15, 2007). "NYSE Chief Is Chosen to Lead Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Hires Finance Chief". The New York Times. December 4, 2007. Retrieved December 12, 2007. 
^ "Tutwiler follows Thain to Merrill". Investment News. December 11, 2007. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ a b Eric Dash (December 25, 2007). "Merrill Lynch Sells Stake to Singapore Firm". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b c Louise Story (July 11, 2008). "Chief Struggles to Revive Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Announces Substantial Sale of U.S. ABS CDOs, Exposure Reduction of $11.1 billion". Market Watch. July 28, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to cut mortgage-backed securities, raise new capital by issuing shares". International Herald Tribune. July 29, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b "Lawsuit threat to Merrill Lynch". British Broadcasting Corporation. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch freezes jobs and UK tax liability". The Banking Times. August 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Frank Quaratiello (August 22, 2008). "Merrill Lynch settles up". The Boston Herald. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b Brett Miller; Chua Kong Ho (September 5, 2008). "Merrill Lynch Cut to 'Sell' at Goldman on Writedowns". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Dalia Fahmy (May 1, 2005). "Merrill Lynch (profile)". Credit magazine (as reprinted at risk.net). Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ "Derivatives Week, Merrill Lynch advertisement" (PDF). November 7, 2005. Retrieved April 29, 2010. [permanent dead link]
^ Tully, Shawn (November 12, 2007). "Wall Street's money machine breaks down". CNN. Archived from the original on January 9, 2011. 
^ Goldstein, Matthew (October 25, 2007). "Why Merrill Lynch Got Burned". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 
^ Keoun, Bradley; Harper, Christine (July 29, 2008). "Merrill to Sell $8.5 billion of Stock, Unload CDOs". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Roddy (August 6, 2008). "Merrill's picked pockets". CNN. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ Supreme Court of New York County (April 2009). "MBIA Insurance Co. v Merrill Lynch" (PDF). MBIA. Archived from the original (PDF) on December 18, 2010. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Ng, Serena (May 1, 2009). "MBIA Sues Merrill Lynch". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Edith Honan, ed. Gerald E. McCormick (April 9, 2010). "Update 1-Judge dismisses most of MBIA's suit vs Merrill". Reuters. 
^ Eisinger, Jesse; Bernstein, Jake (April 9, 2010). "A Lawsuit Suggests Merrill Lynch's Role". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Pickhardt, Jonathan (April 16, 2010). "Letter to Judge Bernard Fried, NY Supreme Court re: Rabobank and Merrill Lynch". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Mollenkamp, Carrick & Ng, Serena (December 27, 2007). "Wall Street Wizardry Amplified Credit Crisis". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ McQuillen, William (April 16, 2010). "Merrill Used Same Alleged Fraud as Goldman, Bank Says". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 August 2014. 
^ Morgenson, Gretchen (November 8, 2008). "The Reckoning: How the Thundering Herd Faltered and Fell". The New York Times. Retrieved November 13, 2008. Some banks were so concerned that they considered stopping trading with Merrill if Lehman went under, according to participants in the Federal Reserve's weekend meetings on Sept. 13 and 14 [2008] 
^ Paulden, Pierre (August 26, 2008). "Merrill, Wachovia Hit With Record Refinancing Bill (Update1)". Bloomberg News. Retrieved November 12, 2008. In response to a slump in demand for their bonds, financial firms, which have incurred $504 billion of writedowns and credit losses since the start of 2007, are selling assets such as mortgage securities and collateralized debt obligations at fire-sale prices to pay down looming maturities 
^ Andrew Ross Sorkin (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America in Talks to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. 
^ Matthew Karnitschnig; Carrick Mollenkamp; Dan Fitzpatrick (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America Reaches Deal for Merrill". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20080916074747/http://www.newsweek.com/id/159010. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 16, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Rusli, Evelyn (September 15, 2008). "The Universal Appeal Of BofA". Forbes. 
^ LOUISE STORY & JO BECKER (June 11, 2009). "Bank Chief Tells of U.S. Pressure to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Scott Lanman & Craig Torres (June 10, 2009). "Republican Staff Says Fed Overstepped on Merrill Deal (Update1)". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Barbara Barrett (June 10, 2009). "BofA documents, e-mails show pressure to buy Merrill Lynch". The Miami Herald. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ Eamon Javers, "AIG ships billions in bailout abroad", Politico, March 15, 2009
^ "A.I.G. Lists Firms It Paid With Taxpayer Money". The New York Times. March 15, 2009. 
^ "Merrill to pay $125 million settlement to investors". Reuters. September 5, 2007. 
^ Ackman, Dan (September 20, 2004). "Enron's Nigeria Barge: The Real Deal". Forbes. 
^ Associated, The. (June 27, 2007) "U.S. Sues Merrill on Treatment of Muslim". The New York Times. June 27, 2007. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "EEOC vs. Merrill Lynch $ Co. – Complaint]" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Discrimination Ruling Another Black Eye for Merrill". EFinancialCareers. Archived from the original on July 10, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Fired Iranian broker wins $1.6M from Merrill". International Herald Tribune. March 29, 2009. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Amended Award" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. July 20, 2007. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "EEOC: Merrill Lynch Hired Iranian for His Brains, Fired Him for His Nationality". NIA Council. July 4, 2007. Archived from the original on June 19, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "PPCo. Epubxpress". Diversityinc.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "The Diversity Edge Announces its 2008 Best Companies for Diverse Graduates". The Diversity Edge. May 29, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Single Anti-Gay Remark Sufficient for Hostile Workplace Claim, N.J. Court Says". Law.com. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to Pay $10 million in New Jersey Settlement". ConsumerAffairs.com. March 15, 2005. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Story, Louise (February 12, 2009). "Nearly 700 at Merrill in Million-Dollar Club". The New York Times. Retrieved March 27, 2010.  Missing |last1= in Authors list (help)
^ Weiner, Rachel (March 30, 2009). "Merrill Lynch Bonuses 22 Times The Size Of AIG". Huffington Post. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ a b Mcgee, Suzanne (February 22, 2010). "The Best U.S. Financial Advisors". Barron's. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research Rankings". Ml.com. Archived from the original on July 13, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013 – the winners. The Banker. Retrieved on 2013-10-23.
^ "Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ EPLZzYhK. "Merrill Lynch" Check |url= value (help). Retrieved October 19, 2012. 
^ a b "Equity Compensation Plan". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ "Merrill Edge Official Website". Retrieved 16 March 2015. 
^ "Bank of America Launches New ‘Merrill Edge’ Online Investing Tool". MyBankTracker. 2 May 2011. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Veneziani, Vince (17 June 2010). "Merrill Lynch Launching Online Discount Brokerage Next Monday". Business Insider. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Southall, Brooke (20 June 2010). "Why the launch of Merrill Edge may be a shrewder move by BoA than it first appears". RIA Biz. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Farrell, Greg (2010). Crash of the Titans: Greed, Hubris, the Fall of Merrill Lynch, and the Near-Collapse of Bank of America. New York: Crown Business. ISBN 978-0-307-71786-3. 
Perkins, Edwin (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-63029-0. 
Stiles, Paul (1998). Riding the Bull: My Year in the Madness at Merrill Lynch. New York: Times Business. ISBN 978-0-8129-2789-4. 

External links[edit]

Official website
Total Merrill Website
Yahoo! Finance – "Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. Company Profile"
Merrill Lynch Names Thomas J. Sanzone As Chief Administrative Officer
"Blundering Herd" by Bethany McLean and Joe Nocera, Nov 2010 Vanity Fair p. 179







v
t
e


Bank of America



Divisions



Bank of America Home Loans
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch
U.S. Trust








Historical components



Banc of America Securities
Bank of America, Los Angeles
Bank of America NT&SA
Bank of Italy
Bank of New England
BankBoston
Barnett Bank
Baybank
Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan
Boatmen's Bancshares
Cassatt & Company
Central Bank and Trust
Citizens & Southern National Bank
Commercial National Bank
Continental Illinois
Countrywide Financial
E.A. Pierce & Co.
Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles
First Franklin
First Republic Bank Corporation
Fleet Bank
Fourth Financial Corporation
G. H. Walker & Co.
Gibraltar Savings and Loan
LaSalle Bank
Mercury Asset Management
MBNA/Maryland National Bank
Michigan National Bank
Montgomery Securities
NationsBank
North Carolina National Bank
Provident Institution for Savings
Rainier Bancorp
Robertson Stephens
Seafirst Bank
Security Pacific Bank
Shawmut Bank
Standard Federal Bank
Sovran Bank
Summit Bancorp
Suretrade
Western Savings and Loan
White Weld & Co.





Buildings



555 California Street (San Francisco)
701 Brickell Avenue
Albuquerque Plaza
American Security and Trust Company Building (Washington, D.C.)
Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
Bank of America Building (Midland)
Bank of America Building (Oakland)
Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
Bank of America Center (Houston)
Bank of America Center (Los Angeles)
Bank of America Center (Norfolk)
Bank of America Center (Tulsa)
Bank of America Corporate Center (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
Bank of America Plaza (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Chicago)
Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)
Bank of America Plaza (Fort Lauderdale)
Bank of America Plaza (St. Louis)
Bank of America Plaza (Tampa)
Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville)
Bank of America Tower (Manhattan)
Bank of America Tower (Phoenix)
Bank of America Tower (St. Petersburg)
Boulder Towers
Hearst Tower (Charlotte)
Miami Tower
Museum Tower








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Merrill_Lynch&oldid=792209563"					
Categories: Brokerage firmsMerrill LynchBank of America legacy banksCompanies established in 1914Banks based in New York CityInvestment management companies of the United StatesOnline brokeragesPrimary dealersCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeSubprime mortgage crisis2009 acquisitionsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsArticles with dead external links from September 2010CS1 errors: missing author or editorPages with URL errorsUse mdy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 04:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Merrill Lynch - Wikipedia





















 






Merrill Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, a wealth management division of Bank of America, and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. as an independent company prior to its January 2009 acquisition by Bank of America. For the corporate and investment banking division of Bank of America, see Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Merrill Lynch Wealth Management





Type

Division[1]


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1914; 103 years ago (1914)


Headquarters
250 Vesey Street
New York City
United States



Area served

Worldwide


Services
Investment management


Revenue
US$13.8 billion (2012)[1]



Number of employees

15,100 (Financial Advisors 2010)


Parent
Bank of America


Website
ML.com



Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.


Former type

Corporation


Industry
Financial services


Fate
Acquired by Bank of America (January 2009)
Merged into Bank of America Corporation (October 2013)


Successor
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management


Founded
1914 (as Charles E. Merrill & Co.)[2]


Founder
Charles E. Merrill
Edmund C. Lynch


Defunct
started closing in 2009 completely closed in 2013


Headquarters
Four World Financial Center
250 Vesey Street
New York, New York United States



Number of employees

60,000 (2008)


Website
www.ml.com


Merrill Lynch Wealth Management is a wealth management division of Bank of America.[3] The firm is headquartered in New York City, and occupies the entire 34 stories of 250 Vesey Street, part of the Brookfield Place complex, in Manhattan. Merrill Lynch employs over 15,000 financial advisors and manages $2.2 trillion in client assets.[4]
The firm has its origins in Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. which, prior to 2009, was publicly owned and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol MER. Merrill Lynch & Co. agreed to be acquired by Bank of America on September 14, 2008, at the height of the 2008 Financial Crisis.[5] The acquisition was completed in January 2009[6] and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. was merged into Bank of America Corporation in October 2013, although certain Bank of America subsidiaries continue to carry the Merrill Lynch name, including the broker-dealer Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith.[7][8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early history
1.2 Rise to prominence
1.3 Orange County settlement
1.4 Subprime mortgage crisis

1.4.1 CDO controversies


1.5 Sale to Bank of America


2 Regulatory actions

2.1 Analyst Research settlement
2.2 Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge
2.3 Discrimination charges
2.4 Market timing settlement
2.5 2008 bonus payments


3 Industry awards
4 Organizational Structure
5 Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary
6 Merrill Edge
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Founding and early history[edit]
The company was founded on January 6, 1914, when Charles E. Merrill opened his Charles E. Merrill & Co. for business at 7 Wall Street in New York City. A few months later, Merrill's friend, Edmund C. Lynch, joined him, and in 1915 the name was officially changed to Merrill, Lynch & Co. At that time, the firm's name included a comma between Merrill and Lynch.[9] In 1916, Winthrop H. Smith joined the firm.




Merrill Lynch logo c. 1917


In its early history, Merrill, Lynch & Co. made several successful investments. In 1921, the company purchased Pathé Exchange, which later became RKO Pictures. In 1926, the firm made its most significant financial investment at the time, purchasing a controlling interest in Safeway, transforming the small grocery store into the country's third largest grocery store chain by the early 1930s.
In 1930, Charles Merrill led the firm through a major restructuring, spinning-off the company's retail brokerage business to E.A. Pierce & Co. to focus on investment banking.[10][11] Along with the business, Merrill also transferred the bulk of its employees, including Edmund C. Lynch and Winthrop H. Smith. Charles Merrill received a minority interest in E.A. Pierce in the transaction. Throughout the 1930s, E.A. Pierce remained the largest brokerage in the U.S. The firm, led by Edward A. Pierce, Edmund Lynch and Winthrop Smith would also prove one of the most innovative in the industry, introducing IBM machines into the business' record keeping. Additionally, by 1938, E.A. Pierce would control the largest wire network with a private network of over 23,000 miles of telegraph wires. These wires were typically used for trade execution.[12]




E.A. Pierce & Co. (above) merged with Merrill Lynch in 1940. The following year Fenner & Beane (below) was acquired by the firm






Despite its strong position in the market, E.A. Pierce was struggling financially in the 1930s and was thinly capitalized.[13] Following the death of Edmund C. Lynch in 1938, Winthrop Smith began discussions with Charles E. Merrill, who owned a minority interest in E.A. Pierce about a possible merger of the two firms. On April 1, 1940, Merrill Lynch, merged with Edward A. Pierce's E.A. Pierce & Co. and Cassatt & Co., a Philadelphia-based brokerage firm in which both Merrill Lynch and E.A. Pierce held an interest.[13] and was briefly known as Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce, and Cassatt.[14] The company became the first on Wall Street to publish an annual fiscal report in 1941.




Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith logo in use prior to the firm's 1974 rebranding that introduced the "bull" logo


The following year, in 1941, Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt merged with Fenner & Beane, a New Orleans-based investment bank and commodities company. Throughout the 1930s, Fenner & Beane was consistently the second largest securities firm in the U.S. The combined firm, which became the clear leader in securities brokerage in the U.S., was renamed Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Beane.[15]
In 1952, the company formed Merrill Lynch & Co. as a holding company and officially incorporated after nearly half a century as a partnership. On December 31, 1957, The New York Times referred to that name as "a sonorous bit of Americana" and said "After sixteen years of popularizing [it], Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner, and Beane is going to change it—and thereby honor the man who has been largely responsible for making the name of a brokerage house part of an American saga," Winthrop H. Smith, who had been running the company since 1940. The merger made the company the largest securities firm in the world, with offices in over 98 cities and membership on 28 exchanges. At the start of the firm's fiscal year on March 1, 1958, the firm's name became 'Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith' and the company became a Big Board member of the New York Stock Exchange.[16]
In 1964, Merrill Lynch acquired C. J. Devine & Co the leading dealer in U.S. Government Securities. The merger came together due to the death of Christopher J. Devine in May 1963.[17] The C. J. Devine & Co. partners, referred to as "The Devine Boys", formed Merrill Lynch Government Securities Inc., giving the firm a strong presence in the government securities market. The Government Securities business brought Merrill Lynch the needed leverage to establish many of the unique money market products and government bond mutual fund products, responsible for much of the firm's growth in the 1970s and 1980s.[18]
In 2003, Merrill Lynch became the second-largest shareholder for the Japanese animation studio, TMS Entertainment. In a report to the Finance Ministry, the Merrill Lynch group said it has acquired a 7.54 percent stake in TMS by purchasing some 3.33 million shares. Merrill Lynch purchased the stake purely for investment purposes and had no intention of acquiring control of the firm’s management.[19]
Rise to prominence[edit]
Merrill Lynch rose to prominence on the strength of its brokerage network (15,000+ as of 2006),[20] sometimes referred to as the "thundering herd", that allowed it to place securities it underwrote directly.[21] In contrast, many established Wall Street firms, such as Morgan Stanley, relied on groups of independent brokers for placement of the securities they underwrote.[22] Until as late as 1970, it was known as the "Catholic" firm of Wall Street.[23] The firm went public in 1971 and became a multinational corporation with over US $1.8 trillion in client assets, operating in more than 40 countries around the world. In 1977, the company introduced its Cash Management Account (CMA), which enabled customers to sweep all their cash into a money market mutual fund, and included check-writing capabilities and a credit card. Fortune magazine called it "the most important financial innovation in years".[24] In 1978, it significantly buttressed its securities underwriting business by acquiring White Weld & Co., a small but prestigious old-line investment bank. Merrill Lynch was well known for its Global Private Client services and its strong sales force.
Orange County settlement[edit]
Merrill Lynch settled with Orange County, California, for a massive $400 million to settle accusations that it sold inappropriate and risky investments to former county treasurer Robert Citron. Citron lost $1.69 billion, which forced the county to file for bankruptcy in December 1994. The county sued a dozen or more securities companies, advisors and accountants, but Merrill settled without admitting liability in June 1998. The county was able to recover about $600 million in total, including the $400 million from Merrill.
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Main article: 2007 subprime mortgage financial crisis
In November 2007, Merrill Lynch announced it would write-down $8.4 billion in losses associated with the national housing crisis, and would remove E. Stanley O'Neal as its chief executive.[25] O'Neal had earlier approached Wachovia bank for a merger, without prior Board approval, but the talks ended after O'Neal's dismissal.[25] Merrill Lynch named John Thain as its new CEO that month.[25] In his first days at work in December 2007, Thain made changes in Merrill Lynch's top management, announcing that he would bring in former New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) colleagues such as Nelson Chai as CFO and Margaret D. Tutwiler as head of communications.[26][27] Later that month, the firm announced it would sell its commercial finance business to General Electric, and would sell off major shares of its stock to Temasek Holdings, a Singapore government investment group, in an effort to raise capital.[28] The deal raised over $6 billion.[28]
In July 2008, Thain announced $4.9 billion fourth quarter losses for the company from defaults and bad investments in the ongoing mortgage crisis.[29] In one year between July 2007 and July 2008, Merrill Lynch lost $19.2 billion, or $52 million daily.[29] The company's stock price had also declined significantly during that time.[29] Two weeks later, the company announced the sale of select hedge funds and securities in an effort to reduce their exposure to mortgage related investments.[30] Temasek Holdings agreed to purchase the funds and increase its investment in the company by $3.4 billion.[31]
Andrew Cuomo, New York Attorney General, threatened to sue Merrill Lynch in August 2008 over its misrepresentation of the risk on mortgage-backed securities.[32] A week earlier, Merrill Lynch had offered to buy back $12 billion in auction-rate debt and said it was surprised by the lawsuit.[32] Three days later, the company froze hiring and revealed that it had charged almost $30 billion in losses to their subsidiary in the United Kingdom, exempting them from taxes in that country.[33] On August 22, 2008, CEO John Thain announced an agreement with the Massachusetts Secretary of State to buy back all auction-rate securities from customers with less than $100 million in deposit with the firm, beginning in October 2008 and expanding in January 2009.[34] On September 5, 2008 Goldman Sachs downgraded Merrill Lynch's stock to "conviction sell" and warned of further losses at the company.[35] Bloomberg reported in September 2008 that Merrill Lynch had lost $51.8 billion on mortgage-backed securities as part of the subprime mortgage crisis.[35]
CDO controversies[edit]
Merrill Lynch, like many other banks, became heavily involved in the mortgage-based collateralized debt obligation (CDO) market in the early 2000s. According to an article in Credit magazine, Merrill's rise to be the leader of the CDO market began in 2003 when Christopher Ricciardi brought his CDO team from Credit Suisse First Boston to Merrill.[36] In 2005 Merrill took out advertisements in the back of Derivatives Week magazine, touting the fact that its Global Markets and Investing Group was the "#1 global underwriter of CDOs in 2004".[37] To provide a ready supply of mortgages for the CDOs, Merrill purchased First Franklin Financial Corp., one of the largest subprime lenders in the country, in December 2006.[38] BusinessWeek would later describe how between 2006 and 2007, Merrill was "lead underwriter" on 136 CDOs worth $93 billion. By the end of 2007, the value of these CDOs was collapsing, but Merrill had held onto portions of them, creating billions of dollars in losses for the company.[39] In mid-2008, Merrill sold a group of CDOs that had once been valued at $30.6 billion to Lone Star Funds for $1.7 billion in cash and a $5.1 billion loan.[40][41]
In April 2009, bond insurance company MBIA sued Merrill Lynch for fraud and five other violations. These were related to the credit default swap "insurance" contracts Merrill had bought from MBIA on four of Merrill's mortgage-based collateralized debt obligations. These were the "ML-Series" CDOs, Broderick CDO 2, Highridge ABS CDO I, Broderick CDO 3, and Newbury Street CDO. MBIA claimed, among other things, that Merrill defrauded MBIA about the quality of these CDOs, and that it was using the complicated nature of these particular CDOs (CDOs squared and cubed) to hide the problems it knew about in the securities that the CDOs were based on. However, in 2010 Justice Bernard Fried disallowed all but one of the charges: the claim by MBIA that Merrill had committed breach of contract by promising the CDOs were worthy of an AAA rating when, it alleges, in reality they weren't. When the CDOs lost value, MBIA wound up owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed MBIA's claims.[42][43][44]
In 2009 Rabobank sued Merrill over a CDO named Norma. Rabobank later claimed that its case against Merrill was very similar to the SEC's fraud charges against Goldman Sachs and its Abacaus CDOs. Rabobank alleged that a hedge fund named Magnetar Capital had chosen assets to go into Norma, and allegedly bet against them, but that Merrill had not informed Rabobank of this fact. Instead, Rabobank alleges that Merrill told it that NIR Group was selecting the assets. When the CDO value tanked, Rabobank was left owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed the arguments of Rabobank, with a spokesman claiming "The two matters are unrelated and the claims today are not only unfounded but weren’t included in the Rabobank lawsuit filed nearly a year ago".[45][46][47][48]
Sale to Bank of America[edit]
Main article: Bank of America
Significant losses were attributed to the drop in value of its large and unhedged mortgage portfolio in the form of collateralized debt obligations. Trading partners' loss of confidence in Merrill Lynch's solvency and ability to refinance short-term debt ultimately led to its sale.[49][50] During the week of September 8, 2008, Lehman Brothers came under severe liquidity pressures, with its survival in question. If Lehman Brothers failed, investors were afraid that the contagion could spread to the other surviving investment banks. (Lehman Brothers filed bankruptcy on September 15, 2008, after government officials could not find a merger partner for it.)
On Sunday, September 14, 2008, Bank of America announced it was in talks to purchase Merrill Lynch for $38.25 billion in stock.[51] The Wall Street Journal reported later that day that Merrill Lynch was sold to Bank of America for 0.8595 shares of Bank of America common stock for each Merrill Lynch common share, or about US$50 billion or $29 per share.[52] This price represented a 70.1% premium over the September 12 closing price or a 38% premium over Merrill's book value of $21 a share,[53] but that also meant a discount of 61% from its September 2007 price.[54] Congressional testimony by Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis, as well as internal emails released by the House Oversight Committee, indicate that Bank of America was threatened with the firings of the management and board of Bank of America as well as damaging the relationship between the bank and federal regulators, if Bank of America did not go through with the acquisition of Merrill Lynch.[55][56][57]
In March 2009 it was reported that in 2008, Merrill Lynch received billions of dollars from its insurance arrangements with AIG, including $6.8 billion from funds provided by the United States taxpayers to bail out AIG.[58][59]
Regulatory actions[edit]
Analyst Research settlement[edit]
In 2002, Merrill Lynch settled for a fine of $100 million for publishing misleading research. As part of the agreement with the New York attorney general and other state securities regulators, Merrill Lynch agreed to increase research disclosure and work to decouple research from investment banking.[60]
A well known analyst at Merrill Lynch named Henry Blodget wrote in company e-mails in which Blodget gave assessments about stocks which conflicted with what was publicly published by Merrill. In 2003, he was charged with civil securities fraud by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. He settled without admitting or denying the allegations and was subsequently barred from the securities industry for life. He paid a $2 million fine and $2 million disgorgement.
The CEO at that time, David Komansky, said, "I want ... to publicly apologize to our clients, our shareholders, and our employees," for the company falling short of its professional standards in research.
Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge[edit]
In 2004 convictions of Merrill executives marked the only instance in the Enron investigation where the government criminally charged any officials from the banks and securities firms that allegedly helped the energy giant execute its accounting fraud. The case revolved around a 1999 transaction involving Merrill, Enron and the sale of some electricity-producing barges off the coast of Nigeria. The charges alleged that the 1999 sale of an interest in Nigerian energy barges by an Enron entity to Merrill Lynch was a sham that allowed Enron to illegally book about $12 million in pretax profit, when in fact there was no real sale and no real profit.
Four former Merrill top executives and two former midlevel Enron officials faced conspiracy and fraud charges. Merrill cut its own deal, firing bankers and agreeing to the outside oversight of its structured-finance transactions. It also settled civil fraud charges brought by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, without admitting or denying fault.[61]
Discrimination charges[edit]
On June 26, 2007, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) brought suit against Merrill Lynch,[62] alleging the firm discriminated against Dr. Majid Borumand because of his Iranian nationality and Islamic religion, with "reckless disregard" for his protected civil rights.[63] The EEOC lawsuit maintains that violations by members of the firm were intentional and committed with malice. In another case concerning mistreatment of another Iranian employee by Merrill Lynch on July 20, 2007, a NASD arbitration panel ordered Merrill Lynch to pay its former Iranian employee, Fariborz Zojaji, $1.6 million for firing him due to his Persian ethnicity.[64][65][66] Merrill Lynch's actions prompted reactions from both the National Iranian-American council, and the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee.[67]
In its June 2008 issue, Diversity Inc. named Merrill Lynch one of the top 10 companies for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender employees, and the seventh-best top company in the US for diversity overall. In 2007, Merrill Lynch was named the second-best company in the US for people with disabilities by Diversity Magazine.[68] As of June 5, 2008, Merrill Lynch has created the West Asian, Middle Eastern and North African (WAMENA) Professional Network to help support and provide additional resources for employees of diverse backgrounds. In May 2008, Merrill Lynch was named the No.1 US company for "Diverse College Graduates" by Diversity Edge magazine, edging out Microsoft for the top spot on the rankings.[69]
New Jersey appeals court on August 13, 2008 rendered a ruling against Merrill Lynch in a discrimination lawsuit filed by a gay employee.[70]
Market timing settlement[edit]
In 2002 Merrill Lynch settled for a $10 million civil penalty as a result of improper activities that took place out of the firm's Fort Lee New Jersey office. Three financial advisors, and a fourth who was involved to a lesser degree, placed 12,457 trades for a client Millennium Partners in at least 521 mutual funds and 63 mutual fund sub-accounts of at least 40 variable annuities. Millennium made profits in over half of the funds and fund sub-accounts. In those funds where Millennium made profits, its gains totaled about $60 million. Merrill Lynch failed to reasonably supervise these financial advisers, whose market timing siphoned short-term profits out of mutual funds and harmed long-term investors.[71]
2008 bonus payments[edit]
Merrill Lynch arranged for payment of billions in bonuses for 2008 performance in what appeared to be "special timing", despite reported losses of $27 billion. These bonuses totaling $3.6 billion were one-third of the money they received from the feds' TARP bailout.
The Merrill bonuses were determined by Merrill's Compensation Committee at its meeting of December 8, 2008, shortly after BOA shareholders approved the merger but before financial results for the fourth quarter had been determined. This appeared to be a departure from normal company practice, since the type of bonus Merrill awarded was a performance bonus that, according to company policy, was supposed to reflect all four quarters of performance and was paid in January or later. In this case, however, the bonuses were awarded in December before fourth-quarter performance had been determined.
They were also very large relative to the TARP monies allocated to Merrill. The Merrill bonuses were the equivalent of 36.2% of TARP monies Treasury allocated to Merrill. Merrill employees had to have a salary of at least $300,000 and have attained the title of Vice President or higher to be eligible.[72][73]
Industry awards[edit]

Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 Top 1000 Advisors[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 Top 1000 Advisors
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state
Institutional Investor

Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Fixed-Income Research Team Survey
Ranked No.1 for Pan European coverage in the 2009 All-Europe Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 for Emerging EMEA coverage
Ranked No.3 in the 2009 All-Latin America survey and No.2 in the All-Brazil survey
Ranked No.5 in the 2009 All-Asia Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Equity Research Team Survey


Alpha Magazine – Ranked No.3 by hedge funds in survey for All-Asia research teams
Forbes/Zacks – Best Brokerage for stock picking and estimate accuracy; captured more than twice the awards of the runner-up. Seven out of 12 analysts named to "Dazzling Dozen"
Wall Street Journal "Best on the Street Stock Picking" Award – No.3 in the U.S.; 17 ranked analysts
Thomson Reuters Extel – No.1 for Pan-European Equity Sectors Rsch; No.2 for Pan-European Equity & Equity Linked Rsch; No.2 for Continental European Small & Mid Caps Rsch
Financial Times/StarMine

Ranked No.1 Global Broker, No.1 US Broker; No.2 Europe Broker and No.5 Pan-Asia Broker; received 42 individual analyst awards (May 2009)
Ranked No.1 in the U.S., No.2 in Latin America, No.2 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, No.3 in Developed Europe in the 2009 for earnings forecasts; Ranked No.4 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, and No.5 in Latin America in the 2009 for Stock Recommendations[75]


At The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013, Bank of America Merrill Lynch won "Most Innovative Investment Bank"[76]

Organizational Structure[edit]
The organization structure of Merrill Lynch stemmed down from John Thain, the former Chairman, President, and CEO of the firm. Under his direct supervision are seven vital positions within the overall firm. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and Chairmen of the variety of sectors within Merrill Lynch, such as investment banking, typically occupy these positions. Below these upper management authorities are the lower management employers, who manage a further subdivision of a particular sector of Merrill Lynch. The lower management employers supervise the employees who specialize within a sector of the firm, for example, consultants (“Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.”).[77]
Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary[edit]
Merrill Lynch is a subsidiary company that is entirely owned by Bank of America (“Merrill Lynch”).[78] Prior to the merger, Merrill Lynch issued debt instruments to a number of companies. However, once it became a fully owned entity under Bank of America, Bank of America did not assume the guarantees in debt offered by Merrill Lynch & Co. (full name while independent firm) ("Merrill Lynch").[79] Instead, as principal subsidiary, Merrill Lynch lends and borrows with Bank of America to provide a more centralized liquidity management ("Merrill Lynch").[79]
Merrill Edge[edit]
Merrill Edge is a discount brokerage service provided by Merrill Lynch.[80] The online service was launched on 21 June 2010.[81][82][83] The service was expected to compete with similar firms like Charles Schwab Corporation and E*Trade. Before the launching of this service, Merrill Lynch worked with clients who had over $250,000 of liquid assets. This service was designed to allow a wider demographic to invest with Bank of America. According to the website, the service offers "the investments insights of Merrill Lynch plus the convenience of Bank of America banking". Other competitors listed are Ameritrade and Fidelity Investments.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



Comparison of online brokerages
Broker-dealer
Calibuso, et al. v. Bank of America Corp., et al.
Credit crunch
Global settlement
Liquidity crisis
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. v. Dabit, a 2006 Supreme Court case involving securities fraud claims.
Merrill Lynch's Application
Primary dealers
World Wealth Report
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. v. Manning, a 2016 Supreme Court case involving naked short selling claims.

References[edit]


^ a b "Bank of America Corporation Annual Report 2012" (PDF). Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 22 December 2013. 
^ "Charles Merrill, Broker, Dies; Founder of Merrill Lynch Firm". The New York Times. October 7, 1956. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Wealth Management". Merrill Lynch Wealth Management. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Merrill Lynch". Ml.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Sep 2008, the same weekend that Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail.
^ Jan 2009 – see Crash of the Titans by Greg Farrell
^ "Bank of America Finishes Merger of Merrill Lynch Into Parent". Bloomberg. 21 January 2013. Retrieved 1 October 2013. 
^ "Bank of America Simplifies Corporate Structure". Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "McCrory Stores Corporation," display advertisement, The New York Times, December 15, 1915, p. 18. In full: An Investment embracing safety, good income, and possibilities for considerable advancement in market value is presented in the Preferred Stock of the McCrory Stores Corporation. Price to yield 7%. Write for Circular T. M. MERRILL, LYNCH & CO. 7 Wall Street, NEW YORK. Penobscot Bldg. DETROIT. Telephone Rector 4940.
^ "Wire House". Time (1). February 4, 1935. 
^ "Bigger Biggest". Time. November 10, 1930. 
^ Curious Services. Life. June 27, 1938. 
^ a b David A. Heenan; Warren Bennis (1999). Co-leaders: the power of great partnerships. John Wiley and Sons. 
^ "$15,000,000 Sought By Crucible Steel." The New York Times, December 19, 1940, p. 39, lists "Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt," with a single comma following Lynch and the word "and" rather than an ampersand, as one of a number of firms underwriting an issue of bonds by Montana-Dakota Utilities Company.
^ Barrie A. Wigmore (1985). The crash and its aftermath: a history of securities markets in the United States, 1929–1933. Greenwood Publishing Group. 
^ "Revising a Sonorous Piece of Americana: Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith." The New York Times, December 31, 1957, p. 29
^ "Christopher J. Devine, 58, Dies; A Dealer in Government Bonds" The New York Times, May 11, 1963, Section Business & Finance, Page 25
^ "Wall Street: A Sweet Deal," Time magazine, May 22, 1964
^ "Merrill Lynch ups stake in TMS". The Japan Times. 2003-12-31. Retrieved 2017-01-09. 
^ Merrill Lynch – Total Merrill – Total Merrill. Askmerrill.ml.com (November 18, 2009). Retrieved July 11, 2011.
^ Edwin J. Perkins (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. Cambridge University Press. 
^ Ron Chernow (1990). The House of Morgan. Touchstone Books. 
^ James B. Stewart, Den of Thieves, Touchstone Books, 1992. "[I]n 1971, Wall Street was still split between the "Jewish" and the "WASP" firms. At an earlier time, when major corporations and banks had discriminated overtly against Jews, Wall Street had rewarded merit and enterprise. Firms like Goldman, Sachs, Lehman Brothers, and Kuhn, Loeb & Co. (made up historically of Jews of German descent) had joined the ranks of the most prestigious WASP firms: Morgan Stanley—an outgrowth of J. P. Morgan's financial empire—First Boston, Dillon, Read, and Brown Brothers Harriman. Giant Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith, something of an anomaly, had once been considered the "Catholic" firm. Kidder, Peabody remained firmly in the WASP camp."
^ "Merrill Lynch Quacks Like a Bank", Fortune, October 20, 1980
^ a b c Jenny Anderson (November 15, 2007). "NYSE Chief Is Chosen to Lead Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Hires Finance Chief". The New York Times. December 4, 2007. Retrieved December 12, 2007. 
^ "Tutwiler follows Thain to Merrill". Investment News. December 11, 2007. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ a b Eric Dash (December 25, 2007). "Merrill Lynch Sells Stake to Singapore Firm". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b c Louise Story (July 11, 2008). "Chief Struggles to Revive Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Announces Substantial Sale of U.S. ABS CDOs, Exposure Reduction of $11.1 billion". Market Watch. July 28, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to cut mortgage-backed securities, raise new capital by issuing shares". International Herald Tribune. July 29, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b "Lawsuit threat to Merrill Lynch". British Broadcasting Corporation. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch freezes jobs and UK tax liability". The Banking Times. August 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Frank Quaratiello (August 22, 2008). "Merrill Lynch settles up". The Boston Herald. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b Brett Miller; Chua Kong Ho (September 5, 2008). "Merrill Lynch Cut to 'Sell' at Goldman on Writedowns". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Dalia Fahmy (May 1, 2005). "Merrill Lynch (profile)". Credit magazine (as reprinted at risk.net). Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ "Derivatives Week, Merrill Lynch advertisement" (PDF). November 7, 2005. Retrieved April 29, 2010. [permanent dead link]
^ Tully, Shawn (November 12, 2007). "Wall Street's money machine breaks down". CNN. Archived from the original on January 9, 2011. 
^ Goldstein, Matthew (October 25, 2007). "Why Merrill Lynch Got Burned". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 
^ Keoun, Bradley; Harper, Christine (July 29, 2008). "Merrill to Sell $8.5 billion of Stock, Unload CDOs". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Roddy (August 6, 2008). "Merrill's picked pockets". CNN. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ Supreme Court of New York County (April 2009). "MBIA Insurance Co. v Merrill Lynch" (PDF). MBIA. Archived from the original (PDF) on December 18, 2010. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Ng, Serena (May 1, 2009). "MBIA Sues Merrill Lynch". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Edith Honan, ed. Gerald E. McCormick (April 9, 2010). "Update 1-Judge dismisses most of MBIA's suit vs Merrill". Reuters. 
^ Eisinger, Jesse; Bernstein, Jake (April 9, 2010). "A Lawsuit Suggests Merrill Lynch's Role". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Pickhardt, Jonathan (April 16, 2010). "Letter to Judge Bernard Fried, NY Supreme Court re: Rabobank and Merrill Lynch". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Mollenkamp, Carrick & Ng, Serena (December 27, 2007). "Wall Street Wizardry Amplified Credit Crisis". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ McQuillen, William (April 16, 2010). "Merrill Used Same Alleged Fraud as Goldman, Bank Says". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 August 2014. 
^ Morgenson, Gretchen (November 8, 2008). "The Reckoning: How the Thundering Herd Faltered and Fell". The New York Times. Retrieved November 13, 2008. Some banks were so concerned that they considered stopping trading with Merrill if Lehman went under, according to participants in the Federal Reserve's weekend meetings on Sept. 13 and 14 [2008] 
^ Paulden, Pierre (August 26, 2008). "Merrill, Wachovia Hit With Record Refinancing Bill (Update1)". Bloomberg News. Retrieved November 12, 2008. In response to a slump in demand for their bonds, financial firms, which have incurred $504 billion of writedowns and credit losses since the start of 2007, are selling assets such as mortgage securities and collateralized debt obligations at fire-sale prices to pay down looming maturities 
^ Andrew Ross Sorkin (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America in Talks to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. 
^ Matthew Karnitschnig; Carrick Mollenkamp; Dan Fitzpatrick (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America Reaches Deal for Merrill". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20080916074747/http://www.newsweek.com/id/159010. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 16, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Rusli, Evelyn (September 15, 2008). "The Universal Appeal Of BofA". Forbes. 
^ LOUISE STORY & JO BECKER (June 11, 2009). "Bank Chief Tells of U.S. Pressure to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Scott Lanman & Craig Torres (June 10, 2009). "Republican Staff Says Fed Overstepped on Merrill Deal (Update1)". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Barbara Barrett (June 10, 2009). "BofA documents, e-mails show pressure to buy Merrill Lynch". The Miami Herald. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ Eamon Javers, "AIG ships billions in bailout abroad", Politico, March 15, 2009
^ "A.I.G. Lists Firms It Paid With Taxpayer Money". The New York Times. March 15, 2009. 
^ "Merrill to pay $125 million settlement to investors". Reuters. September 5, 2007. 
^ Ackman, Dan (September 20, 2004). "Enron's Nigeria Barge: The Real Deal". Forbes. 
^ Associated, The. (June 27, 2007) "U.S. Sues Merrill on Treatment of Muslim". The New York Times. June 27, 2007. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "EEOC vs. Merrill Lynch $ Co. – Complaint]" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Discrimination Ruling Another Black Eye for Merrill". EFinancialCareers. Archived from the original on July 10, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Fired Iranian broker wins $1.6M from Merrill". International Herald Tribune. March 29, 2009. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Amended Award" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. July 20, 2007. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "EEOC: Merrill Lynch Hired Iranian for His Brains, Fired Him for His Nationality". NIA Council. July 4, 2007. Archived from the original on June 19, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "PPCo. Epubxpress". Diversityinc.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "The Diversity Edge Announces its 2008 Best Companies for Diverse Graduates". The Diversity Edge. May 29, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Single Anti-Gay Remark Sufficient for Hostile Workplace Claim, N.J. Court Says". Law.com. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to Pay $10 million in New Jersey Settlement". ConsumerAffairs.com. March 15, 2005. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Story, Louise (February 12, 2009). "Nearly 700 at Merrill in Million-Dollar Club". The New York Times. Retrieved March 27, 2010.  Missing |last1= in Authors list (help)
^ Weiner, Rachel (March 30, 2009). "Merrill Lynch Bonuses 22 Times The Size Of AIG". Huffington Post. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ a b Mcgee, Suzanne (February 22, 2010). "The Best U.S. Financial Advisors". Barron's. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research Rankings". Ml.com. Archived from the original on July 13, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013 – the winners. The Banker. Retrieved on 2013-10-23.
^ "Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ EPLZzYhK. "Merrill Lynch" Check |url= value (help). Retrieved October 19, 2012. 
^ a b "Equity Compensation Plan". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ "Merrill Edge Official Website". Retrieved 16 March 2015. 
^ "Bank of America Launches New ‘Merrill Edge’ Online Investing Tool". MyBankTracker. 2 May 2011. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Veneziani, Vince (17 June 2010). "Merrill Lynch Launching Online Discount Brokerage Next Monday". Business Insider. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Southall, Brooke (20 June 2010). "Why the launch of Merrill Edge may be a shrewder move by BoA than it first appears". RIA Biz. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Farrell, Greg (2010). Crash of the Titans: Greed, Hubris, the Fall of Merrill Lynch, and the Near-Collapse of Bank of America. New York: Crown Business. ISBN 978-0-307-71786-3. 
Perkins, Edwin (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-63029-0. 
Stiles, Paul (1998). Riding the Bull: My Year in the Madness at Merrill Lynch. New York: Times Business. ISBN 978-0-8129-2789-4. 

External links[edit]

Official website
Total Merrill Website
Yahoo! Finance – "Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. Company Profile"
Merrill Lynch Names Thomas J. Sanzone As Chief Administrative Officer
"Blundering Herd" by Bethany McLean and Joe Nocera, Nov 2010 Vanity Fair p. 179







v
t
e


Bank of America



Divisions



Bank of America Home Loans
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch
U.S. Trust








Historical components



Banc of America Securities
Bank of America, Los Angeles
Bank of America NT&SA
Bank of Italy
Bank of New England
BankBoston
Barnett Bank
Baybank
Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan
Boatmen's Bancshares
Cassatt & Company
Central Bank and Trust
Citizens & Southern National Bank
Commercial National Bank
Continental Illinois
Countrywide Financial
E.A. Pierce & Co.
Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles
First Franklin
First Republic Bank Corporation
Fleet Bank
Fourth Financial Corporation
G. H. Walker & Co.
Gibraltar Savings and Loan
LaSalle Bank
Mercury Asset Management
MBNA/Maryland National Bank
Michigan National Bank
Montgomery Securities
NationsBank
North Carolina National Bank
Provident Institution for Savings
Rainier Bancorp
Robertson Stephens
Seafirst Bank
Security Pacific Bank
Shawmut Bank
Standard Federal Bank
Sovran Bank
Summit Bancorp
Suretrade
Western Savings and Loan
White Weld & Co.





Buildings



555 California Street (San Francisco)
701 Brickell Avenue
Albuquerque Plaza
American Security and Trust Company Building (Washington, D.C.)
Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
Bank of America Building (Midland)
Bank of America Building (Oakland)
Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
Bank of America Center (Houston)
Bank of America Center (Los Angeles)
Bank of America Center (Norfolk)
Bank of America Center (Tulsa)
Bank of America Corporate Center (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
Bank of America Plaza (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Chicago)
Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)
Bank of America Plaza (Fort Lauderdale)
Bank of America Plaza (St. Louis)
Bank of America Plaza (Tampa)
Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville)
Bank of America Tower (Manhattan)
Bank of America Tower (Phoenix)
Bank of America Tower (St. Petersburg)
Boulder Towers
Hearst Tower (Charlotte)
Miami Tower
Museum Tower








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Merrill_Lynch&oldid=792209563"					
Categories: Brokerage firmsMerrill LynchBank of America legacy banksCompanies established in 1914Banks based in New York CityInvestment management companies of the United StatesOnline brokeragesPrimary dealersCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeSubprime mortgage crisis2009 acquisitionsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsArticles with dead external links from September 2010CS1 errors: missing author or editorPages with URL errorsUse mdy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 04:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Merrill Lynch - Wikipedia





















 






Merrill Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, a wealth management division of Bank of America, and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. as an independent company prior to its January 2009 acquisition by Bank of America. For the corporate and investment banking division of Bank of America, see Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Merrill Lynch Wealth Management





Type

Division[1]


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1914; 103 years ago (1914)


Headquarters
250 Vesey Street
New York City
United States



Area served

Worldwide


Services
Investment management


Revenue
US$13.8 billion (2012)[1]



Number of employees

15,100 (Financial Advisors 2010)


Parent
Bank of America


Website
ML.com



Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.


Former type

Corporation


Industry
Financial services


Fate
Acquired by Bank of America (January 2009)
Merged into Bank of America Corporation (October 2013)


Successor
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management


Founded
1914 (as Charles E. Merrill & Co.)[2]


Founder
Charles E. Merrill
Edmund C. Lynch


Defunct
started closing in 2009 completely closed in 2013


Headquarters
Four World Financial Center
250 Vesey Street
New York, New York United States



Number of employees

60,000 (2008)


Website
www.ml.com


Merrill Lynch Wealth Management is a wealth management division of Bank of America.[3] The firm is headquartered in New York City, and occupies the entire 34 stories of 250 Vesey Street, part of the Brookfield Place complex, in Manhattan. Merrill Lynch employs over 15,000 financial advisors and manages $2.2 trillion in client assets.[4]
The firm has its origins in Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. which, prior to 2009, was publicly owned and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol MER. Merrill Lynch & Co. agreed to be acquired by Bank of America on September 14, 2008, at the height of the 2008 Financial Crisis.[5] The acquisition was completed in January 2009[6] and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. was merged into Bank of America Corporation in October 2013, although certain Bank of America subsidiaries continue to carry the Merrill Lynch name, including the broker-dealer Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith.[7][8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early history
1.2 Rise to prominence
1.3 Orange County settlement
1.4 Subprime mortgage crisis

1.4.1 CDO controversies


1.5 Sale to Bank of America


2 Regulatory actions

2.1 Analyst Research settlement
2.2 Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge
2.3 Discrimination charges
2.4 Market timing settlement
2.5 2008 bonus payments


3 Industry awards
4 Organizational Structure
5 Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary
6 Merrill Edge
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Founding and early history[edit]
The company was founded on January 6, 1914, when Charles E. Merrill opened his Charles E. Merrill & Co. for business at 7 Wall Street in New York City. A few months later, Merrill's friend, Edmund C. Lynch, joined him, and in 1915 the name was officially changed to Merrill, Lynch & Co. At that time, the firm's name included a comma between Merrill and Lynch.[9] In 1916, Winthrop H. Smith joined the firm.




Merrill Lynch logo c. 1917


In its early history, Merrill, Lynch & Co. made several successful investments. In 1921, the company purchased Pathé Exchange, which later became RKO Pictures. In 1926, the firm made its most significant financial investment at the time, purchasing a controlling interest in Safeway, transforming the small grocery store into the country's third largest grocery store chain by the early 1930s.
In 1930, Charles Merrill led the firm through a major restructuring, spinning-off the company's retail brokerage business to E.A. Pierce & Co. to focus on investment banking.[10][11] Along with the business, Merrill also transferred the bulk of its employees, including Edmund C. Lynch and Winthrop H. Smith. Charles Merrill received a minority interest in E.A. Pierce in the transaction. Throughout the 1930s, E.A. Pierce remained the largest brokerage in the U.S. The firm, led by Edward A. Pierce, Edmund Lynch and Winthrop Smith would also prove one of the most innovative in the industry, introducing IBM machines into the business' record keeping. Additionally, by 1938, E.A. Pierce would control the largest wire network with a private network of over 23,000 miles of telegraph wires. These wires were typically used for trade execution.[12]




E.A. Pierce & Co. (above) merged with Merrill Lynch in 1940. The following year Fenner & Beane (below) was acquired by the firm






Despite its strong position in the market, E.A. Pierce was struggling financially in the 1930s and was thinly capitalized.[13] Following the death of Edmund C. Lynch in 1938, Winthrop Smith began discussions with Charles E. Merrill, who owned a minority interest in E.A. Pierce about a possible merger of the two firms. On April 1, 1940, Merrill Lynch, merged with Edward A. Pierce's E.A. Pierce & Co. and Cassatt & Co., a Philadelphia-based brokerage firm in which both Merrill Lynch and E.A. Pierce held an interest.[13] and was briefly known as Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce, and Cassatt.[14] The company became the first on Wall Street to publish an annual fiscal report in 1941.




Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith logo in use prior to the firm's 1974 rebranding that introduced the "bull" logo


The following year, in 1941, Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt merged with Fenner & Beane, a New Orleans-based investment bank and commodities company. Throughout the 1930s, Fenner & Beane was consistently the second largest securities firm in the U.S. The combined firm, which became the clear leader in securities brokerage in the U.S., was renamed Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Beane.[15]
In 1952, the company formed Merrill Lynch & Co. as a holding company and officially incorporated after nearly half a century as a partnership. On December 31, 1957, The New York Times referred to that name as "a sonorous bit of Americana" and said "After sixteen years of popularizing [it], Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner, and Beane is going to change it—and thereby honor the man who has been largely responsible for making the name of a brokerage house part of an American saga," Winthrop H. Smith, who had been running the company since 1940. The merger made the company the largest securities firm in the world, with offices in over 98 cities and membership on 28 exchanges. At the start of the firm's fiscal year on March 1, 1958, the firm's name became 'Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith' and the company became a Big Board member of the New York Stock Exchange.[16]
In 1964, Merrill Lynch acquired C. J. Devine & Co the leading dealer in U.S. Government Securities. The merger came together due to the death of Christopher J. Devine in May 1963.[17] The C. J. Devine & Co. partners, referred to as "The Devine Boys", formed Merrill Lynch Government Securities Inc., giving the firm a strong presence in the government securities market. The Government Securities business brought Merrill Lynch the needed leverage to establish many of the unique money market products and government bond mutual fund products, responsible for much of the firm's growth in the 1970s and 1980s.[18]
In 2003, Merrill Lynch became the second-largest shareholder for the Japanese animation studio, TMS Entertainment. In a report to the Finance Ministry, the Merrill Lynch group said it has acquired a 7.54 percent stake in TMS by purchasing some 3.33 million shares. Merrill Lynch purchased the stake purely for investment purposes and had no intention of acquiring control of the firm’s management.[19]
Rise to prominence[edit]
Merrill Lynch rose to prominence on the strength of its brokerage network (15,000+ as of 2006),[20] sometimes referred to as the "thundering herd", that allowed it to place securities it underwrote directly.[21] In contrast, many established Wall Street firms, such as Morgan Stanley, relied on groups of independent brokers for placement of the securities they underwrote.[22] Until as late as 1970, it was known as the "Catholic" firm of Wall Street.[23] The firm went public in 1971 and became a multinational corporation with over US $1.8 trillion in client assets, operating in more than 40 countries around the world. In 1977, the company introduced its Cash Management Account (CMA), which enabled customers to sweep all their cash into a money market mutual fund, and included check-writing capabilities and a credit card. Fortune magazine called it "the most important financial innovation in years".[24] In 1978, it significantly buttressed its securities underwriting business by acquiring White Weld & Co., a small but prestigious old-line investment bank. Merrill Lynch was well known for its Global Private Client services and its strong sales force.
Orange County settlement[edit]
Merrill Lynch settled with Orange County, California, for a massive $400 million to settle accusations that it sold inappropriate and risky investments to former county treasurer Robert Citron. Citron lost $1.69 billion, which forced the county to file for bankruptcy in December 1994. The county sued a dozen or more securities companies, advisors and accountants, but Merrill settled without admitting liability in June 1998. The county was able to recover about $600 million in total, including the $400 million from Merrill.
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Main article: 2007 subprime mortgage financial crisis
In November 2007, Merrill Lynch announced it would write-down $8.4 billion in losses associated with the national housing crisis, and would remove E. Stanley O'Neal as its chief executive.[25] O'Neal had earlier approached Wachovia bank for a merger, without prior Board approval, but the talks ended after O'Neal's dismissal.[25] Merrill Lynch named John Thain as its new CEO that month.[25] In his first days at work in December 2007, Thain made changes in Merrill Lynch's top management, announcing that he would bring in former New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) colleagues such as Nelson Chai as CFO and Margaret D. Tutwiler as head of communications.[26][27] Later that month, the firm announced it would sell its commercial finance business to General Electric, and would sell off major shares of its stock to Temasek Holdings, a Singapore government investment group, in an effort to raise capital.[28] The deal raised over $6 billion.[28]
In July 2008, Thain announced $4.9 billion fourth quarter losses for the company from defaults and bad investments in the ongoing mortgage crisis.[29] In one year between July 2007 and July 2008, Merrill Lynch lost $19.2 billion, or $52 million daily.[29] The company's stock price had also declined significantly during that time.[29] Two weeks later, the company announced the sale of select hedge funds and securities in an effort to reduce their exposure to mortgage related investments.[30] Temasek Holdings agreed to purchase the funds and increase its investment in the company by $3.4 billion.[31]
Andrew Cuomo, New York Attorney General, threatened to sue Merrill Lynch in August 2008 over its misrepresentation of the risk on mortgage-backed securities.[32] A week earlier, Merrill Lynch had offered to buy back $12 billion in auction-rate debt and said it was surprised by the lawsuit.[32] Three days later, the company froze hiring and revealed that it had charged almost $30 billion in losses to their subsidiary in the United Kingdom, exempting them from taxes in that country.[33] On August 22, 2008, CEO John Thain announced an agreement with the Massachusetts Secretary of State to buy back all auction-rate securities from customers with less than $100 million in deposit with the firm, beginning in October 2008 and expanding in January 2009.[34] On September 5, 2008 Goldman Sachs downgraded Merrill Lynch's stock to "conviction sell" and warned of further losses at the company.[35] Bloomberg reported in September 2008 that Merrill Lynch had lost $51.8 billion on mortgage-backed securities as part of the subprime mortgage crisis.[35]
CDO controversies[edit]
Merrill Lynch, like many other banks, became heavily involved in the mortgage-based collateralized debt obligation (CDO) market in the early 2000s. According to an article in Credit magazine, Merrill's rise to be the leader of the CDO market began in 2003 when Christopher Ricciardi brought his CDO team from Credit Suisse First Boston to Merrill.[36] In 2005 Merrill took out advertisements in the back of Derivatives Week magazine, touting the fact that its Global Markets and Investing Group was the "#1 global underwriter of CDOs in 2004".[37] To provide a ready supply of mortgages for the CDOs, Merrill purchased First Franklin Financial Corp., one of the largest subprime lenders in the country, in December 2006.[38] BusinessWeek would later describe how between 2006 and 2007, Merrill was "lead underwriter" on 136 CDOs worth $93 billion. By the end of 2007, the value of these CDOs was collapsing, but Merrill had held onto portions of them, creating billions of dollars in losses for the company.[39] In mid-2008, Merrill sold a group of CDOs that had once been valued at $30.6 billion to Lone Star Funds for $1.7 billion in cash and a $5.1 billion loan.[40][41]
In April 2009, bond insurance company MBIA sued Merrill Lynch for fraud and five other violations. These were related to the credit default swap "insurance" contracts Merrill had bought from MBIA on four of Merrill's mortgage-based collateralized debt obligations. These were the "ML-Series" CDOs, Broderick CDO 2, Highridge ABS CDO I, Broderick CDO 3, and Newbury Street CDO. MBIA claimed, among other things, that Merrill defrauded MBIA about the quality of these CDOs, and that it was using the complicated nature of these particular CDOs (CDOs squared and cubed) to hide the problems it knew about in the securities that the CDOs were based on. However, in 2010 Justice Bernard Fried disallowed all but one of the charges: the claim by MBIA that Merrill had committed breach of contract by promising the CDOs were worthy of an AAA rating when, it alleges, in reality they weren't. When the CDOs lost value, MBIA wound up owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed MBIA's claims.[42][43][44]
In 2009 Rabobank sued Merrill over a CDO named Norma. Rabobank later claimed that its case against Merrill was very similar to the SEC's fraud charges against Goldman Sachs and its Abacaus CDOs. Rabobank alleged that a hedge fund named Magnetar Capital had chosen assets to go into Norma, and allegedly bet against them, but that Merrill had not informed Rabobank of this fact. Instead, Rabobank alleges that Merrill told it that NIR Group was selecting the assets. When the CDO value tanked, Rabobank was left owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed the arguments of Rabobank, with a spokesman claiming "The two matters are unrelated and the claims today are not only unfounded but weren’t included in the Rabobank lawsuit filed nearly a year ago".[45][46][47][48]
Sale to Bank of America[edit]
Main article: Bank of America
Significant losses were attributed to the drop in value of its large and unhedged mortgage portfolio in the form of collateralized debt obligations. Trading partners' loss of confidence in Merrill Lynch's solvency and ability to refinance short-term debt ultimately led to its sale.[49][50] During the week of September 8, 2008, Lehman Brothers came under severe liquidity pressures, with its survival in question. If Lehman Brothers failed, investors were afraid that the contagion could spread to the other surviving investment banks. (Lehman Brothers filed bankruptcy on September 15, 2008, after government officials could not find a merger partner for it.)
On Sunday, September 14, 2008, Bank of America announced it was in talks to purchase Merrill Lynch for $38.25 billion in stock.[51] The Wall Street Journal reported later that day that Merrill Lynch was sold to Bank of America for 0.8595 shares of Bank of America common stock for each Merrill Lynch common share, or about US$50 billion or $29 per share.[52] This price represented a 70.1% premium over the September 12 closing price or a 38% premium over Merrill's book value of $21 a share,[53] but that also meant a discount of 61% from its September 2007 price.[54] Congressional testimony by Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis, as well as internal emails released by the House Oversight Committee, indicate that Bank of America was threatened with the firings of the management and board of Bank of America as well as damaging the relationship between the bank and federal regulators, if Bank of America did not go through with the acquisition of Merrill Lynch.[55][56][57]
In March 2009 it was reported that in 2008, Merrill Lynch received billions of dollars from its insurance arrangements with AIG, including $6.8 billion from funds provided by the United States taxpayers to bail out AIG.[58][59]
Regulatory actions[edit]
Analyst Research settlement[edit]
In 2002, Merrill Lynch settled for a fine of $100 million for publishing misleading research. As part of the agreement with the New York attorney general and other state securities regulators, Merrill Lynch agreed to increase research disclosure and work to decouple research from investment banking.[60]
A well known analyst at Merrill Lynch named Henry Blodget wrote in company e-mails in which Blodget gave assessments about stocks which conflicted with what was publicly published by Merrill. In 2003, he was charged with civil securities fraud by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. He settled without admitting or denying the allegations and was subsequently barred from the securities industry for life. He paid a $2 million fine and $2 million disgorgement.
The CEO at that time, David Komansky, said, "I want ... to publicly apologize to our clients, our shareholders, and our employees," for the company falling short of its professional standards in research.
Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge[edit]
In 2004 convictions of Merrill executives marked the only instance in the Enron investigation where the government criminally charged any officials from the banks and securities firms that allegedly helped the energy giant execute its accounting fraud. The case revolved around a 1999 transaction involving Merrill, Enron and the sale of some electricity-producing barges off the coast of Nigeria. The charges alleged that the 1999 sale of an interest in Nigerian energy barges by an Enron entity to Merrill Lynch was a sham that allowed Enron to illegally book about $12 million in pretax profit, when in fact there was no real sale and no real profit.
Four former Merrill top executives and two former midlevel Enron officials faced conspiracy and fraud charges. Merrill cut its own deal, firing bankers and agreeing to the outside oversight of its structured-finance transactions. It also settled civil fraud charges brought by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, without admitting or denying fault.[61]
Discrimination charges[edit]
On June 26, 2007, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) brought suit against Merrill Lynch,[62] alleging the firm discriminated against Dr. Majid Borumand because of his Iranian nationality and Islamic religion, with "reckless disregard" for his protected civil rights.[63] The EEOC lawsuit maintains that violations by members of the firm were intentional and committed with malice. In another case concerning mistreatment of another Iranian employee by Merrill Lynch on July 20, 2007, a NASD arbitration panel ordered Merrill Lynch to pay its former Iranian employee, Fariborz Zojaji, $1.6 million for firing him due to his Persian ethnicity.[64][65][66] Merrill Lynch's actions prompted reactions from both the National Iranian-American council, and the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee.[67]
In its June 2008 issue, Diversity Inc. named Merrill Lynch one of the top 10 companies for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender employees, and the seventh-best top company in the US for diversity overall. In 2007, Merrill Lynch was named the second-best company in the US for people with disabilities by Diversity Magazine.[68] As of June 5, 2008, Merrill Lynch has created the West Asian, Middle Eastern and North African (WAMENA) Professional Network to help support and provide additional resources for employees of diverse backgrounds. In May 2008, Merrill Lynch was named the No.1 US company for "Diverse College Graduates" by Diversity Edge magazine, edging out Microsoft for the top spot on the rankings.[69]
New Jersey appeals court on August 13, 2008 rendered a ruling against Merrill Lynch in a discrimination lawsuit filed by a gay employee.[70]
Market timing settlement[edit]
In 2002 Merrill Lynch settled for a $10 million civil penalty as a result of improper activities that took place out of the firm's Fort Lee New Jersey office. Three financial advisors, and a fourth who was involved to a lesser degree, placed 12,457 trades for a client Millennium Partners in at least 521 mutual funds and 63 mutual fund sub-accounts of at least 40 variable annuities. Millennium made profits in over half of the funds and fund sub-accounts. In those funds where Millennium made profits, its gains totaled about $60 million. Merrill Lynch failed to reasonably supervise these financial advisers, whose market timing siphoned short-term profits out of mutual funds and harmed long-term investors.[71]
2008 bonus payments[edit]
Merrill Lynch arranged for payment of billions in bonuses for 2008 performance in what appeared to be "special timing", despite reported losses of $27 billion. These bonuses totaling $3.6 billion were one-third of the money they received from the feds' TARP bailout.
The Merrill bonuses were determined by Merrill's Compensation Committee at its meeting of December 8, 2008, shortly after BOA shareholders approved the merger but before financial results for the fourth quarter had been determined. This appeared to be a departure from normal company practice, since the type of bonus Merrill awarded was a performance bonus that, according to company policy, was supposed to reflect all four quarters of performance and was paid in January or later. In this case, however, the bonuses were awarded in December before fourth-quarter performance had been determined.
They were also very large relative to the TARP monies allocated to Merrill. The Merrill bonuses were the equivalent of 36.2% of TARP monies Treasury allocated to Merrill. Merrill employees had to have a salary of at least $300,000 and have attained the title of Vice President or higher to be eligible.[72][73]
Industry awards[edit]

Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 Top 1000 Advisors[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 Top 1000 Advisors
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state
Institutional Investor

Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Fixed-Income Research Team Survey
Ranked No.1 for Pan European coverage in the 2009 All-Europe Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 for Emerging EMEA coverage
Ranked No.3 in the 2009 All-Latin America survey and No.2 in the All-Brazil survey
Ranked No.5 in the 2009 All-Asia Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Equity Research Team Survey


Alpha Magazine – Ranked No.3 by hedge funds in survey for All-Asia research teams
Forbes/Zacks – Best Brokerage for stock picking and estimate accuracy; captured more than twice the awards of the runner-up. Seven out of 12 analysts named to "Dazzling Dozen"
Wall Street Journal "Best on the Street Stock Picking" Award – No.3 in the U.S.; 17 ranked analysts
Thomson Reuters Extel – No.1 for Pan-European Equity Sectors Rsch; No.2 for Pan-European Equity & Equity Linked Rsch; No.2 for Continental European Small & Mid Caps Rsch
Financial Times/StarMine

Ranked No.1 Global Broker, No.1 US Broker; No.2 Europe Broker and No.5 Pan-Asia Broker; received 42 individual analyst awards (May 2009)
Ranked No.1 in the U.S., No.2 in Latin America, No.2 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, No.3 in Developed Europe in the 2009 for earnings forecasts; Ranked No.4 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, and No.5 in Latin America in the 2009 for Stock Recommendations[75]


At The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013, Bank of America Merrill Lynch won "Most Innovative Investment Bank"[76]

Organizational Structure[edit]
The organization structure of Merrill Lynch stemmed down from John Thain, the former Chairman, President, and CEO of the firm. Under his direct supervision are seven vital positions within the overall firm. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and Chairmen of the variety of sectors within Merrill Lynch, such as investment banking, typically occupy these positions. Below these upper management authorities are the lower management employers, who manage a further subdivision of a particular sector of Merrill Lynch. The lower management employers supervise the employees who specialize within a sector of the firm, for example, consultants (“Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.”).[77]
Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary[edit]
Merrill Lynch is a subsidiary company that is entirely owned by Bank of America (“Merrill Lynch”).[78] Prior to the merger, Merrill Lynch issued debt instruments to a number of companies. However, once it became a fully owned entity under Bank of America, Bank of America did not assume the guarantees in debt offered by Merrill Lynch & Co. (full name while independent firm) ("Merrill Lynch").[79] Instead, as principal subsidiary, Merrill Lynch lends and borrows with Bank of America to provide a more centralized liquidity management ("Merrill Lynch").[79]
Merrill Edge[edit]
Merrill Edge is a discount brokerage service provided by Merrill Lynch.[80] The online service was launched on 21 June 2010.[81][82][83] The service was expected to compete with similar firms like Charles Schwab Corporation and E*Trade. Before the launching of this service, Merrill Lynch worked with clients who had over $250,000 of liquid assets. This service was designed to allow a wider demographic to invest with Bank of America. According to the website, the service offers "the investments insights of Merrill Lynch plus the convenience of Bank of America banking". Other competitors listed are Ameritrade and Fidelity Investments.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



Comparison of online brokerages
Broker-dealer
Calibuso, et al. v. Bank of America Corp., et al.
Credit crunch
Global settlement
Liquidity crisis
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. v. Dabit, a 2006 Supreme Court case involving securities fraud claims.
Merrill Lynch's Application
Primary dealers
World Wealth Report
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. v. Manning, a 2016 Supreme Court case involving naked short selling claims.

References[edit]


^ a b "Bank of America Corporation Annual Report 2012" (PDF). Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 22 December 2013. 
^ "Charles Merrill, Broker, Dies; Founder of Merrill Lynch Firm". The New York Times. October 7, 1956. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Wealth Management". Merrill Lynch Wealth Management. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Merrill Lynch". Ml.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Sep 2008, the same weekend that Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail.
^ Jan 2009 – see Crash of the Titans by Greg Farrell
^ "Bank of America Finishes Merger of Merrill Lynch Into Parent". Bloomberg. 21 January 2013. Retrieved 1 October 2013. 
^ "Bank of America Simplifies Corporate Structure". Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "McCrory Stores Corporation," display advertisement, The New York Times, December 15, 1915, p. 18. In full: An Investment embracing safety, good income, and possibilities for considerable advancement in market value is presented in the Preferred Stock of the McCrory Stores Corporation. Price to yield 7%. Write for Circular T. M. MERRILL, LYNCH & CO. 7 Wall Street, NEW YORK. Penobscot Bldg. DETROIT. Telephone Rector 4940.
^ "Wire House". Time (1). February 4, 1935. 
^ "Bigger Biggest". Time. November 10, 1930. 
^ Curious Services. Life. June 27, 1938. 
^ a b David A. Heenan; Warren Bennis (1999). Co-leaders: the power of great partnerships. John Wiley and Sons. 
^ "$15,000,000 Sought By Crucible Steel." The New York Times, December 19, 1940, p. 39, lists "Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt," with a single comma following Lynch and the word "and" rather than an ampersand, as one of a number of firms underwriting an issue of bonds by Montana-Dakota Utilities Company.
^ Barrie A. Wigmore (1985). The crash and its aftermath: a history of securities markets in the United States, 1929–1933. Greenwood Publishing Group. 
^ "Revising a Sonorous Piece of Americana: Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith." The New York Times, December 31, 1957, p. 29
^ "Christopher J. Devine, 58, Dies; A Dealer in Government Bonds" The New York Times, May 11, 1963, Section Business & Finance, Page 25
^ "Wall Street: A Sweet Deal," Time magazine, May 22, 1964
^ "Merrill Lynch ups stake in TMS". The Japan Times. 2003-12-31. Retrieved 2017-01-09. 
^ Merrill Lynch – Total Merrill – Total Merrill. Askmerrill.ml.com (November 18, 2009). Retrieved July 11, 2011.
^ Edwin J. Perkins (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. Cambridge University Press. 
^ Ron Chernow (1990). The House of Morgan. Touchstone Books. 
^ James B. Stewart, Den of Thieves, Touchstone Books, 1992. "[I]n 1971, Wall Street was still split between the "Jewish" and the "WASP" firms. At an earlier time, when major corporations and banks had discriminated overtly against Jews, Wall Street had rewarded merit and enterprise. Firms like Goldman, Sachs, Lehman Brothers, and Kuhn, Loeb & Co. (made up historically of Jews of German descent) had joined the ranks of the most prestigious WASP firms: Morgan Stanley—an outgrowth of J. P. Morgan's financial empire—First Boston, Dillon, Read, and Brown Brothers Harriman. Giant Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith, something of an anomaly, had once been considered the "Catholic" firm. Kidder, Peabody remained firmly in the WASP camp."
^ "Merrill Lynch Quacks Like a Bank", Fortune, October 20, 1980
^ a b c Jenny Anderson (November 15, 2007). "NYSE Chief Is Chosen to Lead Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Hires Finance Chief". The New York Times. December 4, 2007. Retrieved December 12, 2007. 
^ "Tutwiler follows Thain to Merrill". Investment News. December 11, 2007. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ a b Eric Dash (December 25, 2007). "Merrill Lynch Sells Stake to Singapore Firm". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b c Louise Story (July 11, 2008). "Chief Struggles to Revive Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Announces Substantial Sale of U.S. ABS CDOs, Exposure Reduction of $11.1 billion". Market Watch. July 28, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to cut mortgage-backed securities, raise new capital by issuing shares". International Herald Tribune. July 29, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b "Lawsuit threat to Merrill Lynch". British Broadcasting Corporation. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch freezes jobs and UK tax liability". The Banking Times. August 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Frank Quaratiello (August 22, 2008). "Merrill Lynch settles up". The Boston Herald. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b Brett Miller; Chua Kong Ho (September 5, 2008). "Merrill Lynch Cut to 'Sell' at Goldman on Writedowns". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Dalia Fahmy (May 1, 2005). "Merrill Lynch (profile)". Credit magazine (as reprinted at risk.net). Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ "Derivatives Week, Merrill Lynch advertisement" (PDF). November 7, 2005. Retrieved April 29, 2010. [permanent dead link]
^ Tully, Shawn (November 12, 2007). "Wall Street's money machine breaks down". CNN. Archived from the original on January 9, 2011. 
^ Goldstein, Matthew (October 25, 2007). "Why Merrill Lynch Got Burned". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 
^ Keoun, Bradley; Harper, Christine (July 29, 2008). "Merrill to Sell $8.5 billion of Stock, Unload CDOs". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Roddy (August 6, 2008). "Merrill's picked pockets". CNN. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ Supreme Court of New York County (April 2009). "MBIA Insurance Co. v Merrill Lynch" (PDF). MBIA. Archived from the original (PDF) on December 18, 2010. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Ng, Serena (May 1, 2009). "MBIA Sues Merrill Lynch". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Edith Honan, ed. Gerald E. McCormick (April 9, 2010). "Update 1-Judge dismisses most of MBIA's suit vs Merrill". Reuters. 
^ Eisinger, Jesse; Bernstein, Jake (April 9, 2010). "A Lawsuit Suggests Merrill Lynch's Role". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Pickhardt, Jonathan (April 16, 2010). "Letter to Judge Bernard Fried, NY Supreme Court re: Rabobank and Merrill Lynch". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Mollenkamp, Carrick & Ng, Serena (December 27, 2007). "Wall Street Wizardry Amplified Credit Crisis". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ McQuillen, William (April 16, 2010). "Merrill Used Same Alleged Fraud as Goldman, Bank Says". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 August 2014. 
^ Morgenson, Gretchen (November 8, 2008). "The Reckoning: How the Thundering Herd Faltered and Fell". The New York Times. Retrieved November 13, 2008. Some banks were so concerned that they considered stopping trading with Merrill if Lehman went under, according to participants in the Federal Reserve's weekend meetings on Sept. 13 and 14 [2008] 
^ Paulden, Pierre (August 26, 2008). "Merrill, Wachovia Hit With Record Refinancing Bill (Update1)". Bloomberg News. Retrieved November 12, 2008. In response to a slump in demand for their bonds, financial firms, which have incurred $504 billion of writedowns and credit losses since the start of 2007, are selling assets such as mortgage securities and collateralized debt obligations at fire-sale prices to pay down looming maturities 
^ Andrew Ross Sorkin (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America in Talks to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. 
^ Matthew Karnitschnig; Carrick Mollenkamp; Dan Fitzpatrick (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America Reaches Deal for Merrill". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20080916074747/http://www.newsweek.com/id/159010. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 16, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Rusli, Evelyn (September 15, 2008). "The Universal Appeal Of BofA". Forbes. 
^ LOUISE STORY & JO BECKER (June 11, 2009). "Bank Chief Tells of U.S. Pressure to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Scott Lanman & Craig Torres (June 10, 2009). "Republican Staff Says Fed Overstepped on Merrill Deal (Update1)". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Barbara Barrett (June 10, 2009). "BofA documents, e-mails show pressure to buy Merrill Lynch". The Miami Herald. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ Eamon Javers, "AIG ships billions in bailout abroad", Politico, March 15, 2009
^ "A.I.G. Lists Firms It Paid With Taxpayer Money". The New York Times. March 15, 2009. 
^ "Merrill to pay $125 million settlement to investors". Reuters. September 5, 2007. 
^ Ackman, Dan (September 20, 2004). "Enron's Nigeria Barge: The Real Deal". Forbes. 
^ Associated, The. (June 27, 2007) "U.S. Sues Merrill on Treatment of Muslim". The New York Times. June 27, 2007. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "EEOC vs. Merrill Lynch $ Co. – Complaint]" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Discrimination Ruling Another Black Eye for Merrill". EFinancialCareers. Archived from the original on July 10, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Fired Iranian broker wins $1.6M from Merrill". International Herald Tribune. March 29, 2009. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Amended Award" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. July 20, 2007. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "EEOC: Merrill Lynch Hired Iranian for His Brains, Fired Him for His Nationality". NIA Council. July 4, 2007. Archived from the original on June 19, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "PPCo. Epubxpress". Diversityinc.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "The Diversity Edge Announces its 2008 Best Companies for Diverse Graduates". The Diversity Edge. May 29, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Single Anti-Gay Remark Sufficient for Hostile Workplace Claim, N.J. Court Says". Law.com. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to Pay $10 million in New Jersey Settlement". ConsumerAffairs.com. March 15, 2005. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Story, Louise (February 12, 2009). "Nearly 700 at Merrill in Million-Dollar Club". The New York Times. Retrieved March 27, 2010.  Missing |last1= in Authors list (help)
^ Weiner, Rachel (March 30, 2009). "Merrill Lynch Bonuses 22 Times The Size Of AIG". Huffington Post. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ a b Mcgee, Suzanne (February 22, 2010). "The Best U.S. Financial Advisors". Barron's. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research Rankings". Ml.com. Archived from the original on July 13, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013 – the winners. The Banker. Retrieved on 2013-10-23.
^ "Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ EPLZzYhK. "Merrill Lynch" Check |url= value (help). Retrieved October 19, 2012. 
^ a b "Equity Compensation Plan". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ "Merrill Edge Official Website". Retrieved 16 March 2015. 
^ "Bank of America Launches New ‘Merrill Edge’ Online Investing Tool". MyBankTracker. 2 May 2011. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Veneziani, Vince (17 June 2010). "Merrill Lynch Launching Online Discount Brokerage Next Monday". Business Insider. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Southall, Brooke (20 June 2010). "Why the launch of Merrill Edge may be a shrewder move by BoA than it first appears". RIA Biz. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Farrell, Greg (2010). Crash of the Titans: Greed, Hubris, the Fall of Merrill Lynch, and the Near-Collapse of Bank of America. New York: Crown Business. ISBN 978-0-307-71786-3. 
Perkins, Edwin (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-63029-0. 
Stiles, Paul (1998). Riding the Bull: My Year in the Madness at Merrill Lynch. New York: Times Business. ISBN 978-0-8129-2789-4. 

External links[edit]

Official website
Total Merrill Website
Yahoo! Finance – "Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. Company Profile"
Merrill Lynch Names Thomas J. Sanzone As Chief Administrative Officer
"Blundering Herd" by Bethany McLean and Joe Nocera, Nov 2010 Vanity Fair p. 179







v
t
e


Bank of America



Divisions



Bank of America Home Loans
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch
U.S. Trust








Historical components



Banc of America Securities
Bank of America, Los Angeles
Bank of America NT&SA
Bank of Italy
Bank of New England
BankBoston
Barnett Bank
Baybank
Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan
Boatmen's Bancshares
Cassatt & Company
Central Bank and Trust
Citizens & Southern National Bank
Commercial National Bank
Continental Illinois
Countrywide Financial
E.A. Pierce & Co.
Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles
First Franklin
First Republic Bank Corporation
Fleet Bank
Fourth Financial Corporation
G. H. Walker & Co.
Gibraltar Savings and Loan
LaSalle Bank
Mercury Asset Management
MBNA/Maryland National Bank
Michigan National Bank
Montgomery Securities
NationsBank
North Carolina National Bank
Provident Institution for Savings
Rainier Bancorp
Robertson Stephens
Seafirst Bank
Security Pacific Bank
Shawmut Bank
Standard Federal Bank
Sovran Bank
Summit Bancorp
Suretrade
Western Savings and Loan
White Weld & Co.





Buildings



555 California Street (San Francisco)
701 Brickell Avenue
Albuquerque Plaza
American Security and Trust Company Building (Washington, D.C.)
Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
Bank of America Building (Midland)
Bank of America Building (Oakland)
Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
Bank of America Center (Houston)
Bank of America Center (Los Angeles)
Bank of America Center (Norfolk)
Bank of America Center (Tulsa)
Bank of America Corporate Center (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
Bank of America Plaza (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Chicago)
Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)
Bank of America Plaza (Fort Lauderdale)
Bank of America Plaza (St. Louis)
Bank of America Plaza (Tampa)
Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville)
Bank of America Tower (Manhattan)
Bank of America Tower (Phoenix)
Bank of America Tower (St. Petersburg)
Boulder Towers
Hearst Tower (Charlotte)
Miami Tower
Museum Tower








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Merrill_Lynch&oldid=792209563"					
Categories: Brokerage firmsMerrill LynchBank of America legacy banksCompanies established in 1914Banks based in New York CityInvestment management companies of the United StatesOnline brokeragesPrimary dealersCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeSubprime mortgage crisis2009 acquisitionsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsArticles with dead external links from September 2010CS1 errors: missing author or editorPages with URL errorsUse mdy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 04:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Merrill Lynch - Wikipedia





















 






Merrill Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, a wealth management division of Bank of America, and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. as an independent company prior to its January 2009 acquisition by Bank of America. For the corporate and investment banking division of Bank of America, see Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Merrill Lynch Wealth Management





Type

Division[1]


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1914; 103 years ago (1914)


Headquarters
250 Vesey Street
New York City
United States



Area served

Worldwide


Services
Investment management


Revenue
US$13.8 billion (2012)[1]



Number of employees

15,100 (Financial Advisors 2010)


Parent
Bank of America


Website
ML.com



Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.


Former type

Corporation


Industry
Financial services


Fate
Acquired by Bank of America (January 2009)
Merged into Bank of America Corporation (October 2013)


Successor
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management


Founded
1914 (as Charles E. Merrill & Co.)[2]


Founder
Charles E. Merrill
Edmund C. Lynch


Defunct
started closing in 2009 completely closed in 2013


Headquarters
Four World Financial Center
250 Vesey Street
New York, New York United States



Number of employees

60,000 (2008)


Website
www.ml.com


Merrill Lynch Wealth Management is a wealth management division of Bank of America.[3] The firm is headquartered in New York City, and occupies the entire 34 stories of 250 Vesey Street, part of the Brookfield Place complex, in Manhattan. Merrill Lynch employs over 15,000 financial advisors and manages $2.2 trillion in client assets.[4]
The firm has its origins in Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. which, prior to 2009, was publicly owned and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol MER. Merrill Lynch & Co. agreed to be acquired by Bank of America on September 14, 2008, at the height of the 2008 Financial Crisis.[5] The acquisition was completed in January 2009[6] and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. was merged into Bank of America Corporation in October 2013, although certain Bank of America subsidiaries continue to carry the Merrill Lynch name, including the broker-dealer Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith.[7][8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early history
1.2 Rise to prominence
1.3 Orange County settlement
1.4 Subprime mortgage crisis

1.4.1 CDO controversies


1.5 Sale to Bank of America


2 Regulatory actions

2.1 Analyst Research settlement
2.2 Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge
2.3 Discrimination charges
2.4 Market timing settlement
2.5 2008 bonus payments


3 Industry awards
4 Organizational Structure
5 Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary
6 Merrill Edge
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Founding and early history[edit]
The company was founded on January 6, 1914, when Charles E. Merrill opened his Charles E. Merrill & Co. for business at 7 Wall Street in New York City. A few months later, Merrill's friend, Edmund C. Lynch, joined him, and in 1915 the name was officially changed to Merrill, Lynch & Co. At that time, the firm's name included a comma between Merrill and Lynch.[9] In 1916, Winthrop H. Smith joined the firm.




Merrill Lynch logo c. 1917


In its early history, Merrill, Lynch & Co. made several successful investments. In 1921, the company purchased Pathé Exchange, which later became RKO Pictures. In 1926, the firm made its most significant financial investment at the time, purchasing a controlling interest in Safeway, transforming the small grocery store into the country's third largest grocery store chain by the early 1930s.
In 1930, Charles Merrill led the firm through a major restructuring, spinning-off the company's retail brokerage business to E.A. Pierce & Co. to focus on investment banking.[10][11] Along with the business, Merrill also transferred the bulk of its employees, including Edmund C. Lynch and Winthrop H. Smith. Charles Merrill received a minority interest in E.A. Pierce in the transaction. Throughout the 1930s, E.A. Pierce remained the largest brokerage in the U.S. The firm, led by Edward A. Pierce, Edmund Lynch and Winthrop Smith would also prove one of the most innovative in the industry, introducing IBM machines into the business' record keeping. Additionally, by 1938, E.A. Pierce would control the largest wire network with a private network of over 23,000 miles of telegraph wires. These wires were typically used for trade execution.[12]




E.A. Pierce & Co. (above) merged with Merrill Lynch in 1940. The following year Fenner & Beane (below) was acquired by the firm






Despite its strong position in the market, E.A. Pierce was struggling financially in the 1930s and was thinly capitalized.[13] Following the death of Edmund C. Lynch in 1938, Winthrop Smith began discussions with Charles E. Merrill, who owned a minority interest in E.A. Pierce about a possible merger of the two firms. On April 1, 1940, Merrill Lynch, merged with Edward A. Pierce's E.A. Pierce & Co. and Cassatt & Co., a Philadelphia-based brokerage firm in which both Merrill Lynch and E.A. Pierce held an interest.[13] and was briefly known as Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce, and Cassatt.[14] The company became the first on Wall Street to publish an annual fiscal report in 1941.




Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith logo in use prior to the firm's 1974 rebranding that introduced the "bull" logo


The following year, in 1941, Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt merged with Fenner & Beane, a New Orleans-based investment bank and commodities company. Throughout the 1930s, Fenner & Beane was consistently the second largest securities firm in the U.S. The combined firm, which became the clear leader in securities brokerage in the U.S., was renamed Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Beane.[15]
In 1952, the company formed Merrill Lynch & Co. as a holding company and officially incorporated after nearly half a century as a partnership. On December 31, 1957, The New York Times referred to that name as "a sonorous bit of Americana" and said "After sixteen years of popularizing [it], Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner, and Beane is going to change it—and thereby honor the man who has been largely responsible for making the name of a brokerage house part of an American saga," Winthrop H. Smith, who had been running the company since 1940. The merger made the company the largest securities firm in the world, with offices in over 98 cities and membership on 28 exchanges. At the start of the firm's fiscal year on March 1, 1958, the firm's name became 'Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith' and the company became a Big Board member of the New York Stock Exchange.[16]
In 1964, Merrill Lynch acquired C. J. Devine & Co the leading dealer in U.S. Government Securities. The merger came together due to the death of Christopher J. Devine in May 1963.[17] The C. J. Devine & Co. partners, referred to as "The Devine Boys", formed Merrill Lynch Government Securities Inc., giving the firm a strong presence in the government securities market. The Government Securities business brought Merrill Lynch the needed leverage to establish many of the unique money market products and government bond mutual fund products, responsible for much of the firm's growth in the 1970s and 1980s.[18]
In 2003, Merrill Lynch became the second-largest shareholder for the Japanese animation studio, TMS Entertainment. In a report to the Finance Ministry, the Merrill Lynch group said it has acquired a 7.54 percent stake in TMS by purchasing some 3.33 million shares. Merrill Lynch purchased the stake purely for investment purposes and had no intention of acquiring control of the firm’s management.[19]
Rise to prominence[edit]
Merrill Lynch rose to prominence on the strength of its brokerage network (15,000+ as of 2006),[20] sometimes referred to as the "thundering herd", that allowed it to place securities it underwrote directly.[21] In contrast, many established Wall Street firms, such as Morgan Stanley, relied on groups of independent brokers for placement of the securities they underwrote.[22] Until as late as 1970, it was known as the "Catholic" firm of Wall Street.[23] The firm went public in 1971 and became a multinational corporation with over US $1.8 trillion in client assets, operating in more than 40 countries around the world. In 1977, the company introduced its Cash Management Account (CMA), which enabled customers to sweep all their cash into a money market mutual fund, and included check-writing capabilities and a credit card. Fortune magazine called it "the most important financial innovation in years".[24] In 1978, it significantly buttressed its securities underwriting business by acquiring White Weld & Co., a small but prestigious old-line investment bank. Merrill Lynch was well known for its Global Private Client services and its strong sales force.
Orange County settlement[edit]
Merrill Lynch settled with Orange County, California, for a massive $400 million to settle accusations that it sold inappropriate and risky investments to former county treasurer Robert Citron. Citron lost $1.69 billion, which forced the county to file for bankruptcy in December 1994. The county sued a dozen or more securities companies, advisors and accountants, but Merrill settled without admitting liability in June 1998. The county was able to recover about $600 million in total, including the $400 million from Merrill.
Subprime mortgage crisis[edit]
Main article: 2007 subprime mortgage financial crisis
In November 2007, Merrill Lynch announced it would write-down $8.4 billion in losses associated with the national housing crisis, and would remove E. Stanley O'Neal as its chief executive.[25] O'Neal had earlier approached Wachovia bank for a merger, without prior Board approval, but the talks ended after O'Neal's dismissal.[25] Merrill Lynch named John Thain as its new CEO that month.[25] In his first days at work in December 2007, Thain made changes in Merrill Lynch's top management, announcing that he would bring in former New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) colleagues such as Nelson Chai as CFO and Margaret D. Tutwiler as head of communications.[26][27] Later that month, the firm announced it would sell its commercial finance business to General Electric, and would sell off major shares of its stock to Temasek Holdings, a Singapore government investment group, in an effort to raise capital.[28] The deal raised over $6 billion.[28]
In July 2008, Thain announced $4.9 billion fourth quarter losses for the company from defaults and bad investments in the ongoing mortgage crisis.[29] In one year between July 2007 and July 2008, Merrill Lynch lost $19.2 billion, or $52 million daily.[29] The company's stock price had also declined significantly during that time.[29] Two weeks later, the company announced the sale of select hedge funds and securities in an effort to reduce their exposure to mortgage related investments.[30] Temasek Holdings agreed to purchase the funds and increase its investment in the company by $3.4 billion.[31]
Andrew Cuomo, New York Attorney General, threatened to sue Merrill Lynch in August 2008 over its misrepresentation of the risk on mortgage-backed securities.[32] A week earlier, Merrill Lynch had offered to buy back $12 billion in auction-rate debt and said it was surprised by the lawsuit.[32] Three days later, the company froze hiring and revealed that it had charged almost $30 billion in losses to their subsidiary in the United Kingdom, exempting them from taxes in that country.[33] On August 22, 2008, CEO John Thain announced an agreement with the Massachusetts Secretary of State to buy back all auction-rate securities from customers with less than $100 million in deposit with the firm, beginning in October 2008 and expanding in January 2009.[34] On September 5, 2008 Goldman Sachs downgraded Merrill Lynch's stock to "conviction sell" and warned of further losses at the company.[35] Bloomberg reported in September 2008 that Merrill Lynch had lost $51.8 billion on mortgage-backed securities as part of the subprime mortgage crisis.[35]
CDO controversies[edit]
Merrill Lynch, like many other banks, became heavily involved in the mortgage-based collateralized debt obligation (CDO) market in the early 2000s. According to an article in Credit magazine, Merrill's rise to be the leader of the CDO market began in 2003 when Christopher Ricciardi brought his CDO team from Credit Suisse First Boston to Merrill.[36] In 2005 Merrill took out advertisements in the back of Derivatives Week magazine, touting the fact that its Global Markets and Investing Group was the "#1 global underwriter of CDOs in 2004".[37] To provide a ready supply of mortgages for the CDOs, Merrill purchased First Franklin Financial Corp., one of the largest subprime lenders in the country, in December 2006.[38] BusinessWeek would later describe how between 2006 and 2007, Merrill was "lead underwriter" on 136 CDOs worth $93 billion. By the end of 2007, the value of these CDOs was collapsing, but Merrill had held onto portions of them, creating billions of dollars in losses for the company.[39] In mid-2008, Merrill sold a group of CDOs that had once been valued at $30.6 billion to Lone Star Funds for $1.7 billion in cash and a $5.1 billion loan.[40][41]
In April 2009, bond insurance company MBIA sued Merrill Lynch for fraud and five other violations. These were related to the credit default swap "insurance" contracts Merrill had bought from MBIA on four of Merrill's mortgage-based collateralized debt obligations. These were the "ML-Series" CDOs, Broderick CDO 2, Highridge ABS CDO I, Broderick CDO 3, and Newbury Street CDO. MBIA claimed, among other things, that Merrill defrauded MBIA about the quality of these CDOs, and that it was using the complicated nature of these particular CDOs (CDOs squared and cubed) to hide the problems it knew about in the securities that the CDOs were based on. However, in 2010 Justice Bernard Fried disallowed all but one of the charges: the claim by MBIA that Merrill had committed breach of contract by promising the CDOs were worthy of an AAA rating when, it alleges, in reality they weren't. When the CDOs lost value, MBIA wound up owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed MBIA's claims.[42][43][44]
In 2009 Rabobank sued Merrill over a CDO named Norma. Rabobank later claimed that its case against Merrill was very similar to the SEC's fraud charges against Goldman Sachs and its Abacaus CDOs. Rabobank alleged that a hedge fund named Magnetar Capital had chosen assets to go into Norma, and allegedly bet against them, but that Merrill had not informed Rabobank of this fact. Instead, Rabobank alleges that Merrill told it that NIR Group was selecting the assets. When the CDO value tanked, Rabobank was left owing Merrill a large amount of money. Merrill disputed the arguments of Rabobank, with a spokesman claiming "The two matters are unrelated and the claims today are not only unfounded but weren’t included in the Rabobank lawsuit filed nearly a year ago".[45][46][47][48]
Sale to Bank of America[edit]
Main article: Bank of America
Significant losses were attributed to the drop in value of its large and unhedged mortgage portfolio in the form of collateralized debt obligations. Trading partners' loss of confidence in Merrill Lynch's solvency and ability to refinance short-term debt ultimately led to its sale.[49][50] During the week of September 8, 2008, Lehman Brothers came under severe liquidity pressures, with its survival in question. If Lehman Brothers failed, investors were afraid that the contagion could spread to the other surviving investment banks. (Lehman Brothers filed bankruptcy on September 15, 2008, after government officials could not find a merger partner for it.)
On Sunday, September 14, 2008, Bank of America announced it was in talks to purchase Merrill Lynch for $38.25 billion in stock.[51] The Wall Street Journal reported later that day that Merrill Lynch was sold to Bank of America for 0.8595 shares of Bank of America common stock for each Merrill Lynch common share, or about US$50 billion or $29 per share.[52] This price represented a 70.1% premium over the September 12 closing price or a 38% premium over Merrill's book value of $21 a share,[53] but that also meant a discount of 61% from its September 2007 price.[54] Congressional testimony by Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis, as well as internal emails released by the House Oversight Committee, indicate that Bank of America was threatened with the firings of the management and board of Bank of America as well as damaging the relationship between the bank and federal regulators, if Bank of America did not go through with the acquisition of Merrill Lynch.[55][56][57]
In March 2009 it was reported that in 2008, Merrill Lynch received billions of dollars from its insurance arrangements with AIG, including $6.8 billion from funds provided by the United States taxpayers to bail out AIG.[58][59]
Regulatory actions[edit]
Analyst Research settlement[edit]
In 2002, Merrill Lynch settled for a fine of $100 million for publishing misleading research. As part of the agreement with the New York attorney general and other state securities regulators, Merrill Lynch agreed to increase research disclosure and work to decouple research from investment banking.[60]
A well known analyst at Merrill Lynch named Henry Blodget wrote in company e-mails in which Blodget gave assessments about stocks which conflicted with what was publicly published by Merrill. In 2003, he was charged with civil securities fraud by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. He settled without admitting or denying the allegations and was subsequently barred from the securities industry for life. He paid a $2 million fine and $2 million disgorgement.
The CEO at that time, David Komansky, said, "I want ... to publicly apologize to our clients, our shareholders, and our employees," for the company falling short of its professional standards in research.
Enron/Merrill Lynch Nigerian barge[edit]
In 2004 convictions of Merrill executives marked the only instance in the Enron investigation where the government criminally charged any officials from the banks and securities firms that allegedly helped the energy giant execute its accounting fraud. The case revolved around a 1999 transaction involving Merrill, Enron and the sale of some electricity-producing barges off the coast of Nigeria. The charges alleged that the 1999 sale of an interest in Nigerian energy barges by an Enron entity to Merrill Lynch was a sham that allowed Enron to illegally book about $12 million in pretax profit, when in fact there was no real sale and no real profit.
Four former Merrill top executives and two former midlevel Enron officials faced conspiracy and fraud charges. Merrill cut its own deal, firing bankers and agreeing to the outside oversight of its structured-finance transactions. It also settled civil fraud charges brought by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, without admitting or denying fault.[61]
Discrimination charges[edit]
On June 26, 2007, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) brought suit against Merrill Lynch,[62] alleging the firm discriminated against Dr. Majid Borumand because of his Iranian nationality and Islamic religion, with "reckless disregard" for his protected civil rights.[63] The EEOC lawsuit maintains that violations by members of the firm were intentional and committed with malice. In another case concerning mistreatment of another Iranian employee by Merrill Lynch on July 20, 2007, a NASD arbitration panel ordered Merrill Lynch to pay its former Iranian employee, Fariborz Zojaji, $1.6 million for firing him due to his Persian ethnicity.[64][65][66] Merrill Lynch's actions prompted reactions from both the National Iranian-American council, and the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee.[67]
In its June 2008 issue, Diversity Inc. named Merrill Lynch one of the top 10 companies for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender employees, and the seventh-best top company in the US for diversity overall. In 2007, Merrill Lynch was named the second-best company in the US for people with disabilities by Diversity Magazine.[68] As of June 5, 2008, Merrill Lynch has created the West Asian, Middle Eastern and North African (WAMENA) Professional Network to help support and provide additional resources for employees of diverse backgrounds. In May 2008, Merrill Lynch was named the No.1 US company for "Diverse College Graduates" by Diversity Edge magazine, edging out Microsoft for the top spot on the rankings.[69]
New Jersey appeals court on August 13, 2008 rendered a ruling against Merrill Lynch in a discrimination lawsuit filed by a gay employee.[70]
Market timing settlement[edit]
In 2002 Merrill Lynch settled for a $10 million civil penalty as a result of improper activities that took place out of the firm's Fort Lee New Jersey office. Three financial advisors, and a fourth who was involved to a lesser degree, placed 12,457 trades for a client Millennium Partners in at least 521 mutual funds and 63 mutual fund sub-accounts of at least 40 variable annuities. Millennium made profits in over half of the funds and fund sub-accounts. In those funds where Millennium made profits, its gains totaled about $60 million. Merrill Lynch failed to reasonably supervise these financial advisers, whose market timing siphoned short-term profits out of mutual funds and harmed long-term investors.[71]
2008 bonus payments[edit]
Merrill Lynch arranged for payment of billions in bonuses for 2008 performance in what appeared to be "special timing", despite reported losses of $27 billion. These bonuses totaling $3.6 billion were one-third of the money they received from the feds' TARP bailout.
The Merrill bonuses were determined by Merrill's Compensation Committee at its meeting of December 8, 2008, shortly after BOA shareholders approved the merger but before financial results for the fourth quarter had been determined. This appeared to be a departure from normal company practice, since the type of bonus Merrill awarded was a performance bonus that, according to company policy, was supposed to reflect all four quarters of performance and was paid in January or later. In this case, however, the bonuses were awarded in December before fourth-quarter performance had been determined.
They were also very large relative to the TARP monies allocated to Merrill. The Merrill bonuses were the equivalent of 36.2% of TARP monies Treasury allocated to Merrill. Merrill employees had to have a salary of at least $300,000 and have attained the title of Vice President or higher to be eligible.[72][73]
Industry awards[edit]

Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 Top 1000 Advisors[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2010 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state[74]
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 Top 1000 Advisors
Ranked No.1 in Barron's 2009 list for most advisors with No. 1 ranking in their state
Institutional Investor

Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Fixed-Income Research Team Survey
Ranked No.1 for Pan European coverage in the 2009 All-Europe Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 for Emerging EMEA coverage
Ranked No.3 in the 2009 All-Latin America survey and No.2 in the All-Brazil survey
Ranked No.5 in the 2009 All-Asia Research team survey
Ranked No.3 in 2009 All-America Equity Research Team Survey


Alpha Magazine – Ranked No.3 by hedge funds in survey for All-Asia research teams
Forbes/Zacks – Best Brokerage for stock picking and estimate accuracy; captured more than twice the awards of the runner-up. Seven out of 12 analysts named to "Dazzling Dozen"
Wall Street Journal "Best on the Street Stock Picking" Award – No.3 in the U.S.; 17 ranked analysts
Thomson Reuters Extel – No.1 for Pan-European Equity Sectors Rsch; No.2 for Pan-European Equity & Equity Linked Rsch; No.2 for Continental European Small & Mid Caps Rsch
Financial Times/StarMine

Ranked No.1 Global Broker, No.1 US Broker; No.2 Europe Broker and No.5 Pan-Asia Broker; received 42 individual analyst awards (May 2009)
Ranked No.1 in the U.S., No.2 in Latin America, No.2 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, No.3 in Developed Europe in the 2009 for earnings forecasts; Ranked No.4 in Asia Pacific ex-Japan, and No.5 in Latin America in the 2009 for Stock Recommendations[75]


At The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013, Bank of America Merrill Lynch won "Most Innovative Investment Bank"[76]

Organizational Structure[edit]
The organization structure of Merrill Lynch stemmed down from John Thain, the former Chairman, President, and CEO of the firm. Under his direct supervision are seven vital positions within the overall firm. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and Chairmen of the variety of sectors within Merrill Lynch, such as investment banking, typically occupy these positions. Below these upper management authorities are the lower management employers, who manage a further subdivision of a particular sector of Merrill Lynch. The lower management employers supervise the employees who specialize within a sector of the firm, for example, consultants (“Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.”).[77]
Merrill Lynch as a subsidiary[edit]
Merrill Lynch is a subsidiary company that is entirely owned by Bank of America (“Merrill Lynch”).[78] Prior to the merger, Merrill Lynch issued debt instruments to a number of companies. However, once it became a fully owned entity under Bank of America, Bank of America did not assume the guarantees in debt offered by Merrill Lynch & Co. (full name while independent firm) ("Merrill Lynch").[79] Instead, as principal subsidiary, Merrill Lynch lends and borrows with Bank of America to provide a more centralized liquidity management ("Merrill Lynch").[79]
Merrill Edge[edit]
Merrill Edge is a discount brokerage service provided by Merrill Lynch.[80] The online service was launched on 21 June 2010.[81][82][83] The service was expected to compete with similar firms like Charles Schwab Corporation and E*Trade. Before the launching of this service, Merrill Lynch worked with clients who had over $250,000 of liquid assets. This service was designed to allow a wider demographic to invest with Bank of America. According to the website, the service offers "the investments insights of Merrill Lynch plus the convenience of Bank of America banking". Other competitors listed are Ameritrade and Fidelity Investments.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



Comparison of online brokerages
Broker-dealer
Calibuso, et al. v. Bank of America Corp., et al.
Credit crunch
Global settlement
Liquidity crisis
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. v. Dabit, a 2006 Supreme Court case involving securities fraud claims.
Merrill Lynch's Application
Primary dealers
World Wealth Report
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. v. Manning, a 2016 Supreme Court case involving naked short selling claims.

References[edit]


^ a b "Bank of America Corporation Annual Report 2012" (PDF). Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 22 December 2013. 
^ "Charles Merrill, Broker, Dies; Founder of Merrill Lynch Firm". The New York Times. October 7, 1956. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Wealth Management". Merrill Lynch Wealth Management. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Merrill Lynch". Ml.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Sep 2008, the same weekend that Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail.
^ Jan 2009 – see Crash of the Titans by Greg Farrell
^ "Bank of America Finishes Merger of Merrill Lynch Into Parent". Bloomberg. 21 January 2013. Retrieved 1 October 2013. 
^ "Bank of America Simplifies Corporate Structure". Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "McCrory Stores Corporation," display advertisement, The New York Times, December 15, 1915, p. 18. In full: An Investment embracing safety, good income, and possibilities for considerable advancement in market value is presented in the Preferred Stock of the McCrory Stores Corporation. Price to yield 7%. Write for Circular T. M. MERRILL, LYNCH & CO. 7 Wall Street, NEW YORK. Penobscot Bldg. DETROIT. Telephone Rector 4940.
^ "Wire House". Time (1). February 4, 1935. 
^ "Bigger Biggest". Time. November 10, 1930. 
^ Curious Services. Life. June 27, 1938. 
^ a b David A. Heenan; Warren Bennis (1999). Co-leaders: the power of great partnerships. John Wiley and Sons. 
^ "$15,000,000 Sought By Crucible Steel." The New York Times, December 19, 1940, p. 39, lists "Merrill Lynch, E. A. Pierce and Cassatt," with a single comma following Lynch and the word "and" rather than an ampersand, as one of a number of firms underwriting an issue of bonds by Montana-Dakota Utilities Company.
^ Barrie A. Wigmore (1985). The crash and its aftermath: a history of securities markets in the United States, 1929–1933. Greenwood Publishing Group. 
^ "Revising a Sonorous Piece of Americana: Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith." The New York Times, December 31, 1957, p. 29
^ "Christopher J. Devine, 58, Dies; A Dealer in Government Bonds" The New York Times, May 11, 1963, Section Business & Finance, Page 25
^ "Wall Street: A Sweet Deal," Time magazine, May 22, 1964
^ "Merrill Lynch ups stake in TMS". The Japan Times. 2003-12-31. Retrieved 2017-01-09. 
^ Merrill Lynch – Total Merrill – Total Merrill. Askmerrill.ml.com (November 18, 2009). Retrieved July 11, 2011.
^ Edwin J. Perkins (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. Cambridge University Press. 
^ Ron Chernow (1990). The House of Morgan. Touchstone Books. 
^ James B. Stewart, Den of Thieves, Touchstone Books, 1992. "[I]n 1971, Wall Street was still split between the "Jewish" and the "WASP" firms. At an earlier time, when major corporations and banks had discriminated overtly against Jews, Wall Street had rewarded merit and enterprise. Firms like Goldman, Sachs, Lehman Brothers, and Kuhn, Loeb & Co. (made up historically of Jews of German descent) had joined the ranks of the most prestigious WASP firms: Morgan Stanley—an outgrowth of J. P. Morgan's financial empire—First Boston, Dillon, Read, and Brown Brothers Harriman. Giant Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith, something of an anomaly, had once been considered the "Catholic" firm. Kidder, Peabody remained firmly in the WASP camp."
^ "Merrill Lynch Quacks Like a Bank", Fortune, October 20, 1980
^ a b c Jenny Anderson (November 15, 2007). "NYSE Chief Is Chosen to Lead Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Hires Finance Chief". The New York Times. December 4, 2007. Retrieved December 12, 2007. 
^ "Tutwiler follows Thain to Merrill". Investment News. December 11, 2007. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ a b Eric Dash (December 25, 2007). "Merrill Lynch Sells Stake to Singapore Firm". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b c Louise Story (July 11, 2008). "Chief Struggles to Revive Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch Announces Substantial Sale of U.S. ABS CDOs, Exposure Reduction of $11.1 billion". Market Watch. July 28, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to cut mortgage-backed securities, raise new capital by issuing shares". International Herald Tribune. July 29, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b "Lawsuit threat to Merrill Lynch". British Broadcasting Corporation. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch freezes jobs and UK tax liability". The Banking Times. August 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Frank Quaratiello (August 22, 2008). "Merrill Lynch settles up". The Boston Herald. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ a b Brett Miller; Chua Kong Ho (September 5, 2008). "Merrill Lynch Cut to 'Sell' at Goldman on Writedowns". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Dalia Fahmy (May 1, 2005). "Merrill Lynch (profile)". Credit magazine (as reprinted at risk.net). Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ "Derivatives Week, Merrill Lynch advertisement" (PDF). November 7, 2005. Retrieved April 29, 2010. [permanent dead link]
^ Tully, Shawn (November 12, 2007). "Wall Street's money machine breaks down". CNN. Archived from the original on January 9, 2011. 
^ Goldstein, Matthew (October 25, 2007). "Why Merrill Lynch Got Burned". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 
^ Keoun, Bradley; Harper, Christine (July 29, 2008). "Merrill to Sell $8.5 billion of Stock, Unload CDOs". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 29, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Roddy (August 6, 2008). "Merrill's picked pockets". CNN. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ Supreme Court of New York County (April 2009). "MBIA Insurance Co. v Merrill Lynch" (PDF). MBIA. Archived from the original (PDF) on December 18, 2010. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Ng, Serena (May 1, 2009). "MBIA Sues Merrill Lynch". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Edith Honan, ed. Gerald E. McCormick (April 9, 2010). "Update 1-Judge dismisses most of MBIA's suit vs Merrill". Reuters. 
^ Eisinger, Jesse; Bernstein, Jake (April 9, 2010). "A Lawsuit Suggests Merrill Lynch's Role". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Pickhardt, Jonathan (April 16, 2010). "Letter to Judge Bernard Fried, NY Supreme Court re: Rabobank and Merrill Lynch". ProPublica. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ Mollenkamp, Carrick & Ng, Serena (December 27, 2007). "Wall Street Wizardry Amplified Credit Crisis". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved April 23, 2010. 
^ McQuillen, William (April 16, 2010). "Merrill Used Same Alleged Fraud as Goldman, Bank Says". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 August 2014. 
^ Morgenson, Gretchen (November 8, 2008). "The Reckoning: How the Thundering Herd Faltered and Fell". The New York Times. Retrieved November 13, 2008. Some banks were so concerned that they considered stopping trading with Merrill if Lehman went under, according to participants in the Federal Reserve's weekend meetings on Sept. 13 and 14 [2008] 
^ Paulden, Pierre (August 26, 2008). "Merrill, Wachovia Hit With Record Refinancing Bill (Update1)". Bloomberg News. Retrieved November 12, 2008. In response to a slump in demand for their bonds, financial firms, which have incurred $504 billion of writedowns and credit losses since the start of 2007, are selling assets such as mortgage securities and collateralized debt obligations at fire-sale prices to pay down looming maturities 
^ Andrew Ross Sorkin (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America in Talks to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. 
^ Matthew Karnitschnig; Carrick Mollenkamp; Dan Fitzpatrick (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America Reaches Deal for Merrill". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ https://web.archive.org/web/20080916074747/http://www.newsweek.com/id/159010. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 16, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ Rusli, Evelyn (September 15, 2008). "The Universal Appeal Of BofA". Forbes. 
^ LOUISE STORY & JO BECKER (June 11, 2009). "Bank Chief Tells of U.S. Pressure to Buy Merrill Lynch". The New York Times. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Scott Lanman & Craig Torres (June 10, 2009). "Republican Staff Says Fed Overstepped on Merrill Deal (Update1)". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 13, 2009. 
^ Barbara Barrett (June 10, 2009). "BofA documents, e-mails show pressure to buy Merrill Lynch". The Miami Herald. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ Eamon Javers, "AIG ships billions in bailout abroad", Politico, March 15, 2009
^ "A.I.G. Lists Firms It Paid With Taxpayer Money". The New York Times. March 15, 2009. 
^ "Merrill to pay $125 million settlement to investors". Reuters. September 5, 2007. 
^ Ackman, Dan (September 20, 2004). "Enron's Nigeria Barge: The Real Deal". Forbes. 
^ Associated, The. (June 27, 2007) "U.S. Sues Merrill on Treatment of Muslim". The New York Times. June 27, 2007. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "EEOC vs. Merrill Lynch $ Co. – Complaint]" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Discrimination Ruling Another Black Eye for Merrill". EFinancialCareers. Archived from the original on July 10, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Fired Iranian broker wins $1.6M from Merrill". International Herald Tribune. March 29, 2009. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "Amended Award" (PDF). The Wall Street Journal. July 20, 2007. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "EEOC: Merrill Lynch Hired Iranian for His Brains, Fired Him for His Nationality". NIA Council. July 4, 2007. Archived from the original on June 19, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "PPCo. Epubxpress". Diversityinc.com. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "The Diversity Edge Announces its 2008 Best Companies for Diverse Graduates". The Diversity Edge. May 29, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Single Anti-Gay Remark Sufficient for Hostile Workplace Claim, N.J. Court Says". Law.com. August 15, 2008. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
^ "Merrill Lynch to Pay $10 million in New Jersey Settlement". ConsumerAffairs.com. March 15, 2005. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ Story, Louise (February 12, 2009). "Nearly 700 at Merrill in Million-Dollar Club". The New York Times. Retrieved March 27, 2010.  Missing |last1= in Authors list (help)
^ Weiner, Rachel (March 30, 2009). "Merrill Lynch Bonuses 22 Times The Size Of AIG". Huffington Post. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ a b Mcgee, Suzanne (February 22, 2010). "The Best U.S. Financial Advisors". Barron's. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ "BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research Rankings". Ml.com. Archived from the original on July 13, 2011. Retrieved July 11, 2011. 
^ The Banker's Investment Banking Awards, 2013 – the winners. The Banker. Retrieved on 2013-10-23.
^ "Merrill Lynch & Co, Inc.". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ EPLZzYhK. "Merrill Lynch" Check |url= value (help). Retrieved October 19, 2012. 
^ a b "Equity Compensation Plan". Retrieved October 17, 2012. [permanent dead link]
^ "Merrill Edge Official Website". Retrieved 16 March 2015. 
^ "Bank of America Launches New ‘Merrill Edge’ Online Investing Tool". MyBankTracker. 2 May 2011. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Veneziani, Vince (17 June 2010). "Merrill Lynch Launching Online Discount Brokerage Next Monday". Business Insider. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 
^ Southall, Brooke (20 June 2010). "Why the launch of Merrill Edge may be a shrewder move by BoA than it first appears". RIA Biz. Retrieved 15 March 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Farrell, Greg (2010). Crash of the Titans: Greed, Hubris, the Fall of Merrill Lynch, and the Near-Collapse of Bank of America. New York: Crown Business. ISBN 978-0-307-71786-3. 
Perkins, Edwin (1999). Wall Street to Main Street: Charles Merrill and Middle-Class Investors. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-63029-0. 
Stiles, Paul (1998). Riding the Bull: My Year in the Madness at Merrill Lynch. New York: Times Business. ISBN 978-0-8129-2789-4. 

External links[edit]

Official website
Total Merrill Website
Yahoo! Finance – "Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. Company Profile"
Merrill Lynch Names Thomas J. Sanzone As Chief Administrative Officer
"Blundering Herd" by Bethany McLean and Joe Nocera, Nov 2010 Vanity Fair p. 179







v
t
e


Bank of America



Divisions



Bank of America Home Loans
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch
U.S. Trust








Historical components



Banc of America Securities
Bank of America, Los Angeles
Bank of America NT&SA
Bank of Italy
Bank of New England
BankBoston
Barnett Bank
Baybank
Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan
Boatmen's Bancshares
Cassatt & Company
Central Bank and Trust
Citizens & Southern National Bank
Commercial National Bank
Continental Illinois
Countrywide Financial
E.A. Pierce & Co.
Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles
First Franklin
First Republic Bank Corporation
Fleet Bank
Fourth Financial Corporation
G. H. Walker & Co.
Gibraltar Savings and Loan
LaSalle Bank
Mercury Asset Management
MBNA/Maryland National Bank
Michigan National Bank
Montgomery Securities
NationsBank
North Carolina National Bank
Provident Institution for Savings
Rainier Bancorp
Robertson Stephens
Seafirst Bank
Security Pacific Bank
Shawmut Bank
Standard Federal Bank
Sovran Bank
Summit Bancorp
Suretrade
Western Savings and Loan
White Weld & Co.





Buildings



555 California Street (San Francisco)
701 Brickell Avenue
Albuquerque Plaza
American Security and Trust Company Building (Washington, D.C.)
Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
Bank of America Building (Midland)
Bank of America Building (Oakland)
Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
Bank of America Center (Houston)
Bank of America Center (Los Angeles)
Bank of America Center (Norfolk)
Bank of America Center (Tulsa)
Bank of America Corporate Center (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
Bank of America Plaza (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Chicago)
Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)
Bank of America Plaza (Fort Lauderdale)
Bank of America Plaza (St. Louis)
Bank of America Plaza (Tampa)
Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville)
Bank of America Tower (Manhattan)
Bank of America Tower (Phoenix)
Bank of America Tower (St. Petersburg)
Boulder Towers
Hearst Tower (Charlotte)
Miami Tower
Museum Tower








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Merrill_Lynch&oldid=792209563"					
Categories: Brokerage firmsMerrill LynchBank of America legacy banksCompanies established in 1914Banks based in New York CityInvestment management companies of the United StatesOnline brokeragesPrimary dealersCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeSubprime mortgage crisis2009 acquisitionsHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsArticles with dead external links from September 2010CS1 errors: missing author or editorPages with URL errorsUse mdy dates from November 2012Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 04:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Complaint:  SEC v. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated















Home | Previous Page
































UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK


SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION,
450 Fifth Street, N. W.
Washington, DC 20549,
Plaintiff,
-against- 
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED 
4 World Financial Center
New York, NY 10080
Defendant.


:::::::::
:
:
:
:
:
:


Civil Action No.
COMPLAINT

Plaintiff Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission" or "SEC") alleges:

NATURE OF THE ACTION
1. The Commission brings this action against defendant Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated to redress its violations of the federal securities laws and several rules of conduct of NASD, Inc. ("NASD") and the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. ("NYSE").

2. During the period January 1, 1999 to December 31, 2001 (the "relevant period"), as enumerated below, Merrill Lynch published research reports on two Internet companies that violated antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws, and published research reports on five other Internet companies that expressed views inconsistent with the analysts' privately expressed negative views in violation of NASD's and NYSE's advertising rules.  Those rules require that, among other things, published research reports have a reasonable basis, present a fair picture of the investment risks and benefits, and not make exaggerated or unwarranted claims.  

3. On various occasions during the relevant period, Merrill Lynch allowed its investment banking function to exercise undue influence over research analysts, thereby resulting in conflicts of interest for its research analysts, and it failed to manage these conflicts in an adequate or appropriate manner.  These circumstances arose from a combination of forces, including the following:  (i) Merrill Lynch's investment banking division unduly influenced the analysts' decisions regarding whether to provide research coverage for a particular stock and how to rate that stock; (ii) Merrill Lynch encouraged research analysts to participate regularly in investment banking's marketing activities prior to the publication of research, and coordinated their research coverage with investment banking; (iii) in certain instances, Merrill Lynch investment bankers and actual and prospective investment banking clients reviewed draft research reports and ratings before publication, and Merrill Lynch used research in conjunction with investment banking to generate banking business; and (iv) Merrill Lynch's compensation of research analysts was influenced by the analysts' contributions to investment banking revenue.

4. Merrill Lynch's policies and procedures that were intended to maintain the independence of research analysts from investment banking were inadequate to ensure its research analysts issued objective research and were not compromised by the conflicts of interest described above.  As a result, Merrill Lynch failed to adequately supervise the activities and conduct of its research analysts.

JURISDICTION
5. This Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to Sections 21(d)(1), 21(e), 21(f), and 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") [15 U.S.C. §§ 78u(d)(1), 78u(e), 78u(f), and 78aa].

6. Merrill Lynch, directly or indirectly, used the means and instrumentalities of interstate commerce, of the mails, or of the facilities of a national securities exchange, in connection with the acts, practices, and courses of business alleged herein.

7. Venue is appropriate in this District pursuant to Section 27 of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78aa] because Defendant is found, has its headquarters and principal executive offices, and transacts business in this District.

DEFENDANT
8. Merrill Lynch, a registered broker-dealer, is a member of NASD and NYSE.  Its principal offices are located in New York City.  Merrill Lynch engages in a full-service securities business, including retail and institutional sales, investment banking services, trading, and research.  

FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS
I. OVERVIEW OF INTERNET RESEARCH AT MERRILL LYNCH 
9. During the relevant period, Merrill Lynch divided its research analysts into sectors that each covered a discrete industry, and published written research reports on selected companies within each sector.  The three basic types of research reports issued by Merrill Lynch -- bulletins, comments, and in-depth reports -- differed in length and level of detail.  Bulletins did not include models, charts, or other exhibits that would typically be included in a comment or in-depth report.

10. From February 1999 through December 2001, Merrill Lynch employed Henry Blodget as a senior research analyst to cover the Internet sector and to head a group of analysts who issued, and who assisted him in issuing, research reports and ratings on Internet companies.  The Internet research group covered Internet and similar technology stocks during this period.  Blodget was First Vice-President and Managing Director for Merrill Lynch and the senior research analyst for the Internet sector.  The analyst principally responsible for each research report published by Merrill Lynch on covered Internet companies was usually listed first on the report.  

11. Merrill Lynch divided the Internet sector into the following three subsectors:  (i) consumer Internet, e-commerce and new media; (ii) Internet infrastructure services; and (iii) business to business Internet companies.  Blodget wrote, reviewed and/or consulted with other analysts regarding research generated by the Internet sector, and was the senior research analyst on all but a handful of the research reports discussed below.

12. Each Merrill Lynch research report included an investment rating that was intended to reflect the analyst's opinion on how the stock would perform.  During 1999 to May 2001, Merrill Lynch stated that it used the following five-point rating system:

 1 -  Buy 

      2 -  Accumulate 

      3 -  Neutral

      4 -  Reduce  

      5 -  Sell  

13. Merrill Lynch, however, did not rate any Internet stock a 5, and rated only one Internet stock a 4, during the relevant period.  With respect to each of the research reports discussed below, the descriptive word(s) (e.g., "Buy", "Accumulate", etc.) representing the analyst's intermediate and long-term ratings appeared in the upper right corner of the research report in bold, capital letters, and in a font larger than in the text of the research report.

14. The descriptive words were to reflect the analyst's opinion of the stock's price appreciation potential over the intermediate term (0 to 12 months from the date of rating) and long term (more than 12 months from the date of rating):  1 - Buy (more than 20% appreciation), 2 - Accumulate (10-20% appreciation), 3 - Neutral (between 10% depreciation and 10% appreciation), 4 - Reduce (10-20% depreciation), and 5 - Sell (more than 20% depreciation).  Although some of Merrill Lynch's research reports disclosed the stock appreciation percentages associated with the intermediate and long-term ratings, none of the research reports discussed below contained such disclosure.

15. During the relevant period, Merrill Lynch's published ratings had four elements:  (i) a risk rating from "A" (low risk) through "D" (high risk); (ii) a rating for the intermediate term; (iii) a rating for the long term; and (iv) a dividend rating.  With respect to each of the research reports discussed below, Merrill Lynch rated each company "D" (high risk).

16. Some of Merrill Lynch's research reports also assigned to the stock a price target, which was intended to reflect the price at which the analyst believed the stock would trade within the next twelve months or, on occasion, within a longer period of time.

II. RESEARCH ANALYSTS WERE SUBJECTED TO CONFLICTS OF INTEREST  
17. In the manner described below, Merrill Lynch investment bankers unduly influenced research analysts, thereby creating conflicts of interest for the research analysts.  Merrill Lynch failed to manage these conflicts in an adequate or appropriate manner. 

  A. Merrill Lynch Research Analysts Assisted Investment Banking 
18. Merrill Lynch's research department provided a service function within the firm and was not an independent profit center.  Merrill Lynch funded its research department through firm revenues received from a number of businesses at the firm, including investment banking.  Merrill Lynch's investment banking department generated substantial revenues for Merrill Lynch.  Merrill Lynch encouraged its research analysts to assist investment banking activities.  Merrill Lynch expected research analysts to vet initial public offerings, review and opine on other prospective investment banking deals, attend "pitch" sessions with investment bankers in which the bankers competed for the issuer's investment banking business, and talk with institutional investors about those issuers.  When the Internet research group could not support favorable research ratings, it vetoed the investment banking deals.   

19. Merrill Lynch's investment banking group used the Internet research group's ratings and coverage to support its business.  

20. In March 1999, within weeks of joining Merrill Lynch, Blodget circulated to research management and senior investment bankers an e-mail entitled "Managing the Banking Calendar for Internet Research."  In that e-mail, Blodget stated,

    [w]e are now up to 11-12 Internet banking transactions in the pipeline . . . . The current schedule for this week . . . is 85% banking, 15% research . . . .

Blodget estimated that his team would devote the majority of its time that week to assisting in investment banking efforts, and cautioned that if he failed "to allocate at least 50% of [his] time and the overall research team's time" to performing research and institutional marketing, then his, and his team's, reputation among institutional investors might suffer.  

21. If Merrill Lynch secured the mandate, the Internet sector analysts sometimes helped market investment banking deals to institutional investors by attending "roadshows."  During roadshows, the issuer's management and Merrill Lynch investment bankers solicited interest in the offering from institutional investors.  Internet sector analysts also attended "non-deal roadshows" for existing clients to promote interest in their company's stock.  As a senior intermediate Internet group analyst stated to Blodget, among others, in a May 17, 2000 e-mail:

    We are taking InfoSpace . . . on a non-deal roadshow to introduce the new CEO.  This company is very important to us from a banking perspective, in addition to our institutional franchise. . . . These non-deal roadshows are very important in my view in that they . . . have tremendous halo effect on our banking efforts.

22. During the relevant period, Merrill Lynch's Internet research group assigned consistently positive intermediate and long-term ratings on the Internet stocks it covered.  During the relevant period, the overwhelming majority of stocks covered by Merrill Lynch's Internet research group had a "1" (buy) or a "2" (accumulate) rating.  Merrill Lynch infrequently used a "3" (neutral) rating.  As a junior analyst explained to the management of an investment banking client in September 2000, Merrill Lynch's ratings "range from 1-5, but we don't cover anything below a 3."

23. In a June 2000 e-mail, a senior intermediate analyst wrote to Blodget in connection with a company on which Merrill Lynch was then planning to but ultimately did not initiate coverage:  "I am personally afraid of the impact we will have on the stock if we do a 3-1 so am leaning towards a 2-2 which is still our lowest rating."   

  B. The Existing or Potential Investment Banking Relationship Factored Into the Decision to Initiate Research Coverage
24. Whether Merrill Lynch had or wanted investment banking business from a company was a factor in the decision to initiate research coverage on that company, and in the instance described below, an important factor.  While Blodget headed the Internet group, Merrill Lynch initiated coverage predominantly on existing or prospective investment banking clients.  Blodget noted that the selection of a company for research coverage was "based on the company's status in the industry, the number of shareholders, the long term prognosis, and/or a banking relationship."

25. In an April 2000 e-mail, a Merrill Lynch investment banker asked, "Do you think we should aggressively link coverage with banking - that is what we did with Go2Net (Henry [Blodget] was involved) . . . ."

26. In a July 2000 e-mail, a junior analyst in the Internet group observed:

      We listened to gotonet call last night - investors didn't like weakish traffic and ad growth.  I don't understand what makes biz model tick.  They beat estimates in part due to decreased share count, increased interest income and a low tax rate . . . . i imagine we will pick it up if there is some banking revenue attached.

(Merrill Lynch did not in fact initiate research coverage on Go2Net.  In October 2000, Go2Net was sold to InfoSpace, a company on which Merrill Lynch provided research coverage, and Merrill Lynch provided advisory services to Go2Net between July and October 2000 in connection with the sale.)  

  C. Certain Prospective Ratings and Research Reports With Ratings Were Shared With Investment Bankers and Issuers 
27. Merrill Lynch did not prohibit all interaction between research and investment banking.  Rather, its internal policies prohibited the dissemination of ratings and research reports with ratings to investment bankers and to issuers prior to publication.  The Merrill Lynch Policies and Procedures Manual in effect during 1999 to 2001 imposed the following restrictions on pending research:  

      Pending initial opinions, estimate or opinion changes, and decisions to issue research reports or comments may not be disclosed by any means to anyone, either inside or outside the Firm, until the information is disseminated in the appropriately prescribed manner.  Exceptions are limited to [certain Merrill Lynch personnel] and, under limited circumstances, management of the subject company.  This prohibition is intended to avoid the misuse of market-sensitive information and the appearance of impropriety.

(Certain of the exceptions referenced in the quotation above allowed investment bankers and company management to review unpublished research reports to verify factual accuracy, or after the market closed but before publication of the research.  None of the instances cited herein, however, qualified for any of the exceptions listed in Merrill Lynch's Policies and Procedures Manual.)   

28. In the instances described below, Merrill Lynch's research analysts violated such policies by disseminating research reports with ratings to investment bankers and issuers prior to their publication.  Merrill Lynch did not adequately monitor research analysts' communications to detect and prevent such dissemination.

  1. Sharing Unpublished Ratings With Investment Bankers
29. In August 2000, a junior analyst in the Internet group sent the following e-mail to a Merrill Lynch research manager and Blodget:

      The following chart lays out Henry's [Henry Blodget's] universe and the ratings we would like to change.  I have spoken to the [Merrill Lynch investment] banker . . . on this . . . as these are all B2C names-and he is fine with it.

30. In an e-mail dated November 12, 2000, Blodget gave the following advance notice to a Merrill Lynch investment banker:

      based on what I'm hearing, we will probably be taking CMGI to at least a 2-2 after they report guidance Monday night.

Two days later, on November 14, 2000, Merrill Lynch, through Blodget, in fact downgraded CMGI from a 2-1 to a 3-2.

      2. Sharing Unpublished Reports and Ratings with Covered Companies
31. Prior to initiating research coverage on GoTo.com, Inc. ("GoTo") (discussed in greater detail below), a research analyst shared the prospective rating with both investment bankers and the company.  On November 21, prior to initiating coverage of GoTo, a junior Internet research analyst e-mailed Blodget to report,

    GoTo has gotten back to me and says they are `comfortable' with the discussions we had with them, and with coming out with a 3-1 [rating], etc. given that we would be downgrading LOOK at the same time so the ratings are the same. 

32. In an e-mail dated July 28, 2001 from Blodget to the junior analyst, Blodget stated:  "Some of the communication with the GoTo people and the bankers prior to the initiation may have been a technical violation of the firm's written policies and procedures (which, I have now learned, say the company/bankers should not be told what the proposed rating is or will be, even if the company isn't currently under coverage) . . . ."

33. As the date for initiating coverage of GoTo drew closer, the same junior analyst e-mailed the investment bankers, "Research mgmnt [ ] wants to go with a 3-2 on GoTo." 

34. Another Merrill Lynch analyst who was not in the Internet group also shared unpublished research reports with his covered company - Tyco International Ltd. ("Tyco").  In a February 23, 2001 e-mail from the analyst to the Tyco CFO, the analyst attached an unpublished research report and stated:  "PLEASE REVIEW ASAP.  I WILL NOT SEND IT OUT UNTIL I HEAR FROM YOU FIRST!  LOYAL TYCO EMPLOYEE!"  That same day, the analyst sent an e-mail to another Tyco investor relations employee attaching the same draft research report and stated:  "I WANTED TO GET THIS OUT ASAP . . . !  PLEASE REVIEW AND COMMENT."  

  D. Research Analysts' Contributions to Investment Banking Factored Into Their Performance Evaluations and Compensation
35. Investment banking revenues generated in an analyst's sector were a factor in evaluating that analyst's performance and, consequently, in determining that analyst's compensation.  In November 2000, Merrill Lynch's research management requested that all equity analysts submit a report detailing their contributions to investment banking during the year and highlighting instances where their research coverage played a role in originating and securing an underwriting mandate or advisory work on mergers and acquisitions.  Blodget's e-mail response highlighted his Internet group's involvement in over 52 completed or potential investment banking transactions and included among his team's activities:  pitching the client, marketing the offering, and providing research "coverage for future banking."  Blodget estimated that from December 1999 to November 2000, the Internet research group was involved in activities relating to investment banking deals that produced approximately $115 million of revenue for Merrill Lynch.  

  E. Research Analysts Were Subjected to Pressure From Investment Bankers
36. Merrill Lynch research management acknowledged the problem of investment banking influence over research analysts in the following October 2000 e-mail to Blodget: 

      Wireless Internet Ratings.  Major issue. . . . I would like to discuss this topic with you directly to gather facts about this issue over the last year.  I then need to have a philosophical discussion with [other research managers] about this.  I think we are off base on how we rate stocks and how much we bend backwards to accommodate banking, etc.  Breaking the link between writing and rating is a partial solution but I think the issue is much deeper.  

37. In November 2000, the Merrill Lynch senior analyst who covered Aether, a wireless Internet company, with Blodget circulated an e-mail to a research manager, copied to  other research managers and Blodget entitled, "Mobile Internet:  Reducing Intermediate Term Rating to Accumulate, Maintaining Long Term Buy."  In that e-mail, the analyst attached a draft note that announced the simultaneous downgrade of Aether, InfoSpace and OpenWave from 1-1 to 2-1, and outlined the following four choices:

      First, we can downgrade to 2-1, and go out with the [draft report] below . . . .  Second, we can keep Aether at a 1-1 . . . and downgrade [OpenWave] and [InfoSpace] for the reasons cited.  (People would invariably ask the question why aren't we downgrading Aether.)  Third, we can downgrade [OpenWave] and [InfoSpace] and say nothing about Aether.  Fourth, we can keep them all at 1-1s . . . (I sound flip but I am not being so - if banking is our top concern I'd just like us all to agree on it.)

38. This e-mail prompted research management to conduct a meeting among research management, the analyst who wrote the e-mail, the Merrill Lynch investment bankers who managed the Aether relationship, and Blodget.  During that call, investment bankers argued against the proposed downgrade, and urged the analyst to meet with Aether management.  Shortly thereafter, research management, the senior analyst and Blodget met with Aether management, who argued against the downgrade.  Instead of downgrading Aether, in December 2000, Merrill Lynch published separate research reports maintaining a 1-1 rating on Aether, and downgrading OpenWave and InfoSpace.

39. Shortly thereafter, Blodget e-mailed the investment bankers who managed the Aether relationship, and copied the senior analyst for Aether and another Internet group analyst, 

      The more I read of these, the less willing I am to cut companies any slack, regardless of the predictable temper-tantrums, threats, and/or relationship damage that are likely to follow. . . .  If there is no new email forthcoming from [research management on how to apply ratings to] sensitive banking clients/situations, we are going to just start calling the stocks (stocks, not companies) including [Aether], like we see them, no matter what the ancillary business consequences are.

III. MERRILL LYNCH PUBLISHED RESEARCH ON GOTO AND INFOSPACE THAT VIOLATED ANTI-FRAUD PROVISIONS OF THE FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS
40. As described below, certain of Merrill Lynch's research reports for GoTo and InfoSpace, Inc. ("InfoSpace") expressed views that were contrary to the analysts' privately expressed negative views of the stocks and did not disclose those negative views, thereby making those reports fraudulent.  

  A. GoTo 
41. GoTo, now known as Overture Services Inc., is an Internet advertising services company that introduces consumers and businesses that search the Internet to advertisers who provide products, services, and information.  In September 2000, Merrill Lynch pursued and secured a mandate for a private placement of GoTo's European subsidiary.  In connection with that mandate, Merrill Lynch initiated research coverage on GoTo.

  1. Initiation of Coverage on GoTo
42. The initial research report on GoTo was published in January 2001 and expressed views contrary to the privately expressed negative views of Blodget and his fellow analysts during the period November 2000 to January 2001.  On November 15, 2000, a junior analyst e-mailed Blodget and stated, "[another firm] initiated on GoTo.com with a buy . . . i guess they are angling for the M&A [mergers and acquisitions] business too!" 

43. The next day, while working on the initiation of coverage report, Blodget e-mailed a junior analyst and queried, 

      What is your honest take on the stock?  No reason to own it . . . or going a lot lower[?]  [In my humble opinion], I think the first [rating] should be a 2[-]2 . . . the second a 3...

Later that day, the junior analyst responded:

      . . . I think both - no reason to own now. . . . totally could go lower.  who are we trying to please by doing a 2-2 ?  I don't want to be a whore for f-ing mgmnt.  if 2-2 means that we are putting half of merrill retail into this stock because they are out accumulating it, then I don't think that's the right thing to do.  we are losing people money and I don't like it.  [hypothetical retail clients] john and mary smith  are losing their retirement because we don't want [GoTo's CFO] to be mad at us.  [Merrill Lynch's investment banking relationship manager for GoTo] said he is fine with a 3-2 (I said to him the whole idea that we are independent from banking is a big lie - without banking this would be a 3-2 and he said "no-you guys are independent you can do what you want - I'm fine with that["] -I would put it back to the company to convince you that there is a reason you should own this at 54x [year 2002 earnings per share]. . . so that's my feeling. . . .

44. On January 4, 2001 the junior analyst e-mailed the investment bankers, "Research mgmnt [] wants to go with a 3-2 on GoTo."  (Ratings on initiation of coverage were approved by Research Management and Research Compliance).  One of the bankers responded to Blodget and the junior analyst:

      Briefly, in talking to [Research Compliance] yesterday, I thought the strategy was to go out with the 3-1 as soon as the stock hit $10; if it doesn't, I don't think anybody has an interest in seeing initiation at a 3-2.

Blodget replied to the bankers: "my concern is that waiting for $10 is waiting for godot . . ." (The reference here was to the Samuel Beckett play Waiting for Godot.  In that play, the central story line involves two characters who continuously wait for the arrival of an individual named Godot.  He never comes.) 

45. During the following week, GoTo traded intraday above $10 and, on January 11, 2001, Merrill Lynch initiated coverage on Goto at a 3-1 (neutral-buy), the same rating reflected in the e-mail from investment banking.  Merrill Lynch's initiation piece reported that

      GoTo has a pay-for-performance model, which should help it gain share in the current environment. . . . It is growing quickly and probably has enough cash to make it to break-even (estimated in 1Q02) . . . .  Given the current weak environment for online advertising, we do not see any near term catalysts.  We expect the market to improve in 2H 2001, however, and we believe that GoTo will be a survivor.

46. On the same day Merrill Lynch initiated coverage, an institutional client e-mailed Blodget to ask, "What's so interesting about Goto except banking fees????"  Blodget replied, "nothin." 

47. The initial research report on GoTo expressed views contrary to the research analysts' privately expressed negative views as described above, and did not disclose those contrary views, including Blodget's belief that GoTo was "interesting" only for the banking fees it could generate.  As a result, the January 11 research report was fraudulent.

  2. Subsequent Research on GoTo
48. On April 25, 2001, Merrill Lynch upgraded GoTo from 3-1 to 2-1 (accumulate-buy), based on GoTo's very strong first quarter results and Merrill Lynch's observation that GoTo had "execut[ed] extremely well in a tough environment."  The upgrade set a price objective of $18-19 from GoTo's then current trading price of $11.57.

49. On May 4, 2001, GoTo closed at $21.92.  In a May 6, 2001 e-mail, an institutional client asked Blodget for buy recommendations that were "compelling currently"; Blodget responded:  "I would have said GoTo and HOMS but both have had very strong runs and are overdone, in my opinion."

50. On May 22 and 23, 2001, when GoTo closed at $23.90 and $23.43, respectively, Merrill Lynch issued additional research reports that reiterated GoTo's 2-1 rating and stated, "We believe a few stocks are attractive. . . . we are recommending . . . GoTo. . . ."  These research reports expressed views contrary to the views privately expressed by Blodget in his May 6 e-mail, and did not disclose Blodget's view that the stock price was overdone.

51. In mid-May 2001, Merrill Lynch's investment bankers pitched to GoTo the idea of doing a secondary equity offering, underwritten by Merrill Lynch, and set a May 31 meeting date to discuss this possibility.  However, on May 25, GoTo's CEO and CFO advised a Merrill Lynch investment banker that GoTo was leaning toward selecting a firm other than Merrill Lynch to do the underwriting work.  That same day, in an internal e-mail, a Merrill Lynch investment banker remarked:

      I was very dismayed to learn that [GoTo was] leaning toward [another firm] as the lead bookrunning manager, particularly given the tremendous effort we have put forth on the Company's behalf.  Not only did Henry Blodget initiate on the stock when it was flirting with penny stock status but he recently upgraded it and sponsored a set of meetings for management in New York which dramatically moved the stock price. . . . we have the #1 ranked Internet research analyst in Henry Blodget . . . .

52. A few hours later, a research analyst e-mailed to Blodget draft downgrade bullets for GoTo:

      H, I don't think I've downgraded a stock on valuation since the mid-90's.  Anyway, I threw together these bullets in a note on my hard drive so that we are ready to pull the trigger quickly.  Do you think we need more than bullets?  I didn't think so since this downgrade would be based solely on valuation?  Let me know.

53. The downgrade bullets explained that,

      GoTo has doubled since our upgrade about a month ago.  We are downgrading the stock due to valuation . . . . we believe it is prudent to take some money off the table.

54. Blodget's immediate e-mail response was, "beautiful fuk [sic] em." 

55. While Merrill Lynch's May 22 and May 23 research reports maintained GoTo's 2-1 rating and recommended GoTo as "attractive", the research analysts' May 25 e-mail stated an intention to downgrade GoTo based on valuation concerns - meaning that they viewed the stock as expensive.  GoTo's stock price, however, remained relatively constant from May 21 to May 31, 2001.  In fact, on May 22 and May 23, when Merrill Lynch issued research reports recommending the stock, GoTo closed at $23.90 and $23.43, respectively and on May 25, the date of the e-mail, GoTo closed at $22.75.  Accordingly, the May 22 and May 23 research reports also expressed views that were contrary to the views privately expressed in the May 25 e-mail, and did not disclose those contrary views.  As a result, the May 22 and 23 research reports were fraudulent.

56. Merrill Lynch did not publish the GoTo downgrade on May 25.  On the morning of June 6, GoTo issued a press release announcing its follow-on offering and naming its underwriters, which did not include Merrill Lynch.  Blodget and his fellow analyst believed that news of GoTo's secondary offering would have a near term negative impact on GoTo's stock price.  That same morning, Merrill Lynch issued its report downgrading GoTo from 2-1 to 3-1 in substantially the same form as the draft bullets in the May 25 e-mail.  (From May 25 to June 6, GoTo's stock price closed at $22.75 [May 25], $22.96 [May 29], $21.05 [May 30], $22.36 [May 31], $23.43 [June 1], $25.99 [June 4], $26.64 [June 5] and $23.78 [June 6]).  The June 6 research report did not disclose the analysts' belief that news of GoTo's secondary offering would have a near term negative impact on GoTo's stock price.

  B. InfoSpace 
57. InfoSpace is an Internet information infrastructure services company that provides technologies to Web sites, merchants, and wireless devices.  Merrill Lynch maintained a 1-1 (buy-buy) rating on InfoSpace from January through December 2000, when it was downgraded to a 2-1 (accumulate-buy).  From March 2000 to December 2000, Merrill Lynch included InfoSpace on its monthly "Favored 15" list.  The Favored 15 list is a list of 15 stocks covered by Merrill Lynch that are each rated 1-1 and that satisfy certain other technical and quantitative criteria.  InfoSpace's stock price declined throughout 2000 and into early 2001, from $140 on January 27, 2000, to $40.56 on September 15, 2000, to $21.94 on October 9, 2000, to $13.81 on December 11, 2000 and to $8.59 on January 9, 2001. 

58. On June 15, 2000, while Merrill Lynch maintained a 1-1 rating on InfoSpace, Merrill Lynch's Internet research analysts raised questions about the stock.  Specifically, an analyst e-mailed Blodget and a second senior intermediate analyst an article entitled, "Why One Short-Seller is Attracted to InfoSpace."  The second analyst replied,

      thanks . . . a lot of people have been calling me on inside selling . . . i checked it out - its not that bad . . . [InfoSpace's Chairman] owns 29% of company and has sold three times over past year . . . i don't think that's a big deal . . . i would sell.

59. That same day, Blodget responded to the second analyst as follows:

. . . enormous skepticism about this one now. . . . got questions yesterday about the exact extent of svces/content that [InfoSpace] provides to "50% of global and 80% of US carriers."  AT&T apparently saying "they give us maps and directories, not a `platform' - whooptedo.  In three yrs, the $1/sub will be $0.10/sub."  stock obviously caught in backlash of [the InfoSpace Chairman's] hyperbole, unfortunately.  just like ICGE . . . .

60. On July 10, 2000, Go2Net asked Merrill Lynch to serve as its financial advisor in connection with a proposed sale of Go2Net to InfoSpace, and Merrill Lynch agreed.  On July 11, 2000, Merrill Lynch issued an "update report" on InfoSpace, reiterating the 1-1 buy rating, but not disclosing the questions raised in the June 15 e-mail.

61. That same day, apparently in response to the newly issued report, a Merrill Lynch financial consultant sent Blodget the following e-mail:

      it seems that InfoSpace is your favorite stock.  Should we worry that the chairman has sold over 1MM shares before their quarterly earnings?  Are we planning a secondary for the stock?

62. Later that day, Blodget forwarded the e-mail to a senior intermediate analyst complaining, "ugh.  i'm getting killed on this thing."  Two days later, on July 13, 2000, Blodget e-mailed the same research analyst and stated:   

      I don't mean to be a pain on this one, but this stock is a powder keg, given how aggressive we were on it earlier this year and given the "bad smell" comments that so many institutions are bringing up. . . .

Later that day, the analyst replied,

      Fair point.  But here's how I look at it.  I still believe in the story long-term and secondly, we addressed the issues without crushing the stock which we would have done and angered everyone.  Also, it is not as smelly as the hedgies say - they're just looking for a short.

63. The following day, July 14, 2000, InfoSpace's Chairman e-mailed the same research analyst to confide that InfoSpace was contemplating an investment in the company "U.S. Search."  The research analyst advised him as follows,

      We need to talk about this. . . . I am concerned the market will not react favorably to any news that [InfoSpace] funds US Search.  My BEST advice to you is to let [your competitors] win this one - there will be plenty of deals for you to do and [InfoSpace] cannot afford this kind of scrutiny right now - the stock is under a lot of pressure.

64. On or about October 2000, another senior analyst assumed coverage of InfoSpace, but Blodget continued to participate in the research process and his name continued to appear on the research reports beneath the name of the senior analyst.  On the morning of October 20, 2000, Blodget received an e-mail from a Merrill Lynch financial consultant asking about the buy rating and a $100 price target on InfoSpace (at a time it was trading in the $20 price range), and a Dow Jones News Service article stating that InfoSpace had published a handwritten annual report in a "high school exam format."  Blodget immediately forwarded the e-mail to the senior analyst for InfoSpace and said, 

      I am so tired of getting these.  Can we please reset this [InfoSpace] stupid price target and rip this piece of junk off whatever list it's on.  If you have to downgrade it, downgrade it.  

65. That same morning, the financial consultant sent another e-mail to Blodget explaining that he had read InfoSpace's 1999 annual report and that he believed it was not as bad as the newspaper article had indicated.  Again, that same morning, Blodget forwarded the e-mail to the senior analyst for InfoSpace and remarked, "Phew.  Still would love to reset the price target to $30 or something. . ."  At the time of the October 20 e-mail exchanges, InfoSpace was still rated 1-1.

66. On December 5, 2000, the senior analyst advised him, "happy day --  insp off the favored 15," to which Blodget replied, "oh my god.  I can't believe it took until now."

67. On December 11, 2000, Merrill Lynch downgraded InfoSpace to 2-1 (accumulate-buy).

68. On December 19, 2000, the senior analyst forwarded to Blodget a news article entitled, "InfoSpace VP Sues Chairman Over Stock Option Promise," and added, "not that this is any news . . . but thank god we downgraded while in the doubledigits [sic].

69. Blodget responded, "My god.  What a sleazebag."  Seven minutes later, Blodget sent the following e-mail:

      I think you can go ahead and downgrade on this [if] you feel like taking to neutral.  I've seen enough of [the InfoSpace Chairman's] alleged sleazery [sic] that I'm officially not comfortable with him still involved with co. . . . I would actually forward this to [Merrill Lynch research management] - they may insist that you cut it.

70. Merrill Lynch's research reports on InfoSpace dated July 11, August 7, September 15, October 9, October 23, October 25, October 26, October 31, November 6, November 7, and December 20, 2000, and January 8 and January 9, 2001, were contrary to the analysts' privately expressed negative views as described above, and did not disclose those contrary views, including Blodget's concerns about the InfoSpace Chairman's conduct and continuing management of the company.  Nor did these reports disclose that a Merrill Lynch analyst had expressed concern that the market would not react favorably to a proposed InfoSpace transaction and had advised InfoSpace against entering into that transaction.  As a result, these research reports were fraudulent.  

IV. MERRILL LYNCH PUBLISHED RESEARCH THAT VIOLATED NASD AND NYSE ADVERTISING RULES
71. Under NASD's and NYSE's advertising rules, Merrill Lynch must have a reasonable basis for its recommendations, and its communications must present a fair and balanced picture of the risks and benefits of investing in the covered companies, and must not make exaggerated or unwarranted claims.  As discussed below, Merrill Lynch published research reports on 24/7 Media, Inc.; Lifeminders, Inc.; Homestore.com, Inc.; Excite@Home; and Internet Capital Group, Inc. that violated NASD's and NYSE's advertising rules, as well as the NASD and NYSE rules that require members to observe high standards of commercial honor and just and equitable principles of trade.  

  A. 24/7 Media, Inc. 
72. 24/7 Media, Inc. ("24/7") is an Internet company that provides marketing services to Internet advertisers.  After closing a secondary offering for 24/7 on May 3, 1999, Merrill Lynch published a May 12, 1999 research report rating 24/7 a 2-1, when 24/7 traded at $45.00.  On August 12, 1999, Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to 1-1.  As of December 31, 1999, 24/7 was trading at $56.25.  On January 26 2000, 24/7 reached a high of $64.62.  During the course of 2000, 24/7's stock price plummeted.  On August 7, 2000, Blodget downgraded the rating to a 2-2 "accumulate," and on November 9, he changed the rating to a "neutral" 3-3.  On December 29, 2000, the stock closed at $0.53.

73. On March 6, 2000, a junior analyst e-mailed Blodget a draft research report on 24/7 that, among other things, referred to the launch of 24/7's "Connect" proprietary advertising software.  The analyst stated,

      Try these on for size - trying to be oblique to help stock in anticipation of downgrade on wed - so we can say we were expecting great Q4 - w/ 20 mm names they should be making tons on email - we'd take opportunity to lighten position until co. brings all of assets onto one platform, go to accumulate.  also would be surprised if EPS comes in much better than $0.46 . . . . if worse, another excuse to downgrade.

74. The following day, March 7, 2000, Blodget issued the report in substantially identical form as the previous day's e-mail draft and maintained a 1-1 on 24/7.  The March 7 report was inconsistent with the privately expressed negative view in the above-noted March 6 e-mail and did not disclose the junior analyst's appraisal that 24/7 would report lower than expected fourth quarter results, that the analyst expected to downgrade 24/7 on that news, or that the analyst then believed that investors should "lighten position" or sell the stock.  Two days later, 24/7 reported its fourth quarter results, which exceeded the Internet group's expectations.  Merrill Lynch maintained its 1-1 rating on 24/7 until August 7, 2000, when it downgraded 24/7 to 2-2.  

75. On October 10, 2000, Blodget privately expressed a negative view about 24/7's key product -- its "Connect" proprietary advertising software.  That day, another analyst e-mailed to Blodget a news article entitled "24/7 Media working to repair technology glitch."  The article highlighted glitches in 24/7's "Connect" advertising software, resulting in the reporting of inaccurate results to 24/7's clients.  The analyst remarked,

      Don't know if you saw this, nothing revolutionary - but it probably confirms what you and [another fellow analyst] have talked about for some time.

76. That same day, Blodget responded, "That it's a pos [piece of shit]?  yes."

77. On August 11, 2000, Merrill Lynch published a research report rating 24/7 a 2-2.  In that report, Blodget's only mention of Connect was to explain that 24/7 had yet to complete its full rollout, but that 24/7 was then serving over 80 percent of its U.S. network ads through Connect.  Merrill Lynch's November 8, 2000 report maintained the 2-2 rating and noted,

      We hope to hear more about traction at Connect, including any new business from competitors based on Connect's capabilities as opposed to those won on price.

78. Merrill Lynch's August 11 and November 8, 2000 research reports were inconsistent with Blodget's privately expressed negative view of the company's key product in his October 10, 2000 e-mail.   

  B. LifeMinders, Inc. 
79. LifeMinders, Inc. ("LFMN") is an online direct marketing company specializing in outbound messaging, both e-mail and wireless.  Merrill Lynch initiated coverage of LFMN on September 28, 2000 with a 2-1, when LFMN traded at $22.69.  At that time, Merrill Lynch was pursuing an investment banking relationship with LFMN.  Blodget described his team's contribution to the investment banking effort on LFMN as "coverage for future banking."

80. After Merrill Lynch initiated research coverage, LFMN's price declined to the $10 range in October and the $3-5 range in December.  On December 4, 2000, Blodget e-mailed a fellow analyst,

      LFMN at $4.  I can't believe what  a POS [piece of shit] that thing is.  Shame on me/us for giving them any benefit of doubt.   

81. Merrill Lynch's research report on LFMN dated December 21, 2000, which reiterated a 2-1 rating, was inconsistent with Blodget's privately expressed negative view of LFMN in his December 4 e-mail.  

  C. Homestore.com, Inc. 
82. Homestore.com, Inc. ("HOMS") is a collection of Internet websites that focus on the home and real estate-related information and advertising products and services.  Shortly after closing a follow-on offering for HOMS, Merrill Lynch initiated coverage on HOMS on September 8, 1999 with a 2-1 rating, when HOMS traded at $47.50.  By February 1, 2000, the date Merrill Lynch closed a second equity offering for HOMS, the stock price had risen to $97.  On March 6, 2000, Merrill Lynch upgraded HOMS to 1-1, when the stock price had fallen to $67.  Merrill Lynch maintained its 1-1 rating until July 9, 2001 when it downgraded HOMS to 2-1 and the stock price was $35.29.

83. On April 26, 2001, Merrill Lynch issued a research report reiterating the 1-1 rating on HOMS and setting a price objective of $35 (from its current price of $28.73).  On May 4, 2001, HOMS closed at $34.70.  On May 6, 2001, when an institutional client asked Blodget for recommendations that were "compelling currently", Blodget responded: "I would have said GoTo and HOMS but both have had very strong runs and are overdone, in my opinion."

84. On May 10, 2001 Merrill Lynch issued a research report reiterating the 1-1 rating on HOMS, then trading at $32.56.  Both the April 26 and May 10 reports were inconsistent with the views expressed in Blodget's May 6, 2001 e-mail.

  D. Excite@Home 
85. Excite@Home ("ATHM") is a broadband network services company that provides high-speed Internet, data and content services to consumers.  In June 1999, At Home Corporation acquired Excite and became ATHM.  Blodget assumed coverage of ATHM from another analyst in April 1999 with a 2-1 rating, and continued coverage after At Home's acquisition of Excite in June 1999, when the stock price was $97.  Merrill Lynch acted as a financial advisor to At Home in connection with the acquisition of Excite.  On July 20, 2000, when the stock price was $29, Merrill Lynch downgraded ATHM to 2-2.

86. By December 21, 2000, ATHM's stock price had fallen to $4.  On January 29, 2001, while Merrill Lynch still had a 2-2 rating on ATHM, Blodget expressed a view to a financial consultant that he did not think there was any reason to buy more shares of ATHM.  Specifically, when a Merrill Lynch financial consultant e-mailed Blodget and asked if he would recommend buying more shares of ATHM at its then-current level (approximately $8), Blodget responded,

      I don't think it goes much lower, but I also don't think there's any reason to buy more of it... as a standalone business, it's falling apart.

87. On January 26, 2001, Merrill Lynch published a research report on ATHM that maintained a 2-2 rating and noted

      [ATHM] 3Q had a weak quarter, as expected, and gave a dismal outlook for 2001.  However, the company believes it can hit double digit EBITDA margins in 2H . . . . [ATHM] might be on the right track, but never-ending state of flux makes forecasting (and investing) difficult.  Pieces of the company remain attractive for acquisition, but we believe the value as a consolidated operating business continues to decline.  If indeed the company is able to turn EBITDA positive and hit the double-digit margin targets in the back half of the year, the stock should act favorably.  However, at this point, we have neither the visibility nor confidence in this happening, and maintain our "wait and see stance."

88. On March 8, 2001, Merrill Lynch published a research report on ATHM that reiterated the 2-2 rating and noted that the "[t]one was very upbeat" at ATHM's latest conference.  Both the January 26 and March 8 reports were inconsistent with Blodget's privately expressed negative views in his January 29, 2001 e-mail. 

  E. Internet Capital Group, Inc. 
89. Internet Capital Group, Inc. ("ICG") is a holding company, an "incubator" with owner positions in numerous partner companies, most of which are focused on Business to Business ("B2B") e-commerce.  ICG allocates capital to promising B2B opportunities, then provides partner companies with strategic and operational guidance with the aim of building market leaders.  ICG was designed to facilitate strategic relationships and share best practices, advantages not enjoyed by stand-alone B2B start-ups.

90. Merrill Lynch initiated coverage of ICG on August 30, 1999 with a 2-1 rating, when ICG traded at $53.50.  By the end of 1999, ICG was trading at $164.  In early 2000, ICG reached a high of $212, but then fell sharply to $23.13 on September 25, 2000 and $11 on November 10, 2000.  Merrill Lynch maintained a 2-1 rating on ICG during that time period.

91. On October 5, 2000, when ICG was trading in the $12 -15 range, Blodget made the following statement about the direction of ICG's stock price in an internal e-mail to the research analyst covering ICG with Blodget: "Going to 5."  During that same e-mail exchange, Blodget also remarked, "Sure hope [the co-founders of ICG] taking some dough off table." 

92. The next day, on October 6, 2000, a Merrill Lynch financial consultant e-mailed Blodget for advice on ICG.  Blodget replied,

      No hopeful news to relate, I'm afraid.  This has been a disaster... There really are no `operations' here to fall back on, so there really is no `floor' to the stock... We see nothing that will turn this around near-term.  The company needs to restructure its operations and raise additional cash, and until it does that, there is nothing positive to say.  

93. Merrill Lynch's September 25, 2000 research report reiterated a 2-1 rating and expressed concern that current market conditions, the need for financing, ICG's vertical market maker focus and potential year-end tax-loss selling could keep pressure on the stock.  Although this report stated that ICG needed cash and that its then current investments were not optimal, it also expressed strong approval of ICG's new CFO and stated that a successful financing and the sale of non-strategic assets could be potential positive catalysts for the stock.

94. On November 9, 2000, Merrill Lynch downgraded ICG from 2-1 to 2-2, following ICG's announcement of its third quarter results and its plans to downsize its operations, reduce cash burn, and intensify its focus on the execution of a core set of 15 "developed" partner companies.  On November 10, 2000, Merrill Lynch issued a report reiterating the 2-2 rating. Although Blodget's October 6, 2000 e-mail expressed concerns about ICG in the "near term" and Blodget's November 10 report stated that ICG could remain under pressure "over the intermediate term," the November 9, 2000 downgrade did not adjust the intermediate term rating, but only the long-term rating for ICG.

95. Merrill Lynch's September 25, November 9 and November 10 research reports on ICG were inconsistent with Blodget's privately expressed negative views in his October 5 and 6 e-mails.

V. MERRILL LYNCH FAILED TO SUPERVISE ITS RESEARCH ANALYSTS
96. In the instances cited herein, Merrill Lynch's supervisory systems proved inadequate to prevent violations of the federal securities laws and NASD rules.  Merrill Lynch failed reasonably to establish and maintain adequate procedures to detect and prevent undue investment banking influence on research analysts, and to ensure compliance with its internal policies regarding analyst independence.  Merrill Lynch failed to supervise adequately the participation of research analysts in investment banking activities, and failed to manage the conflicts of interest created thereby in an adequate or appropriate manner.  Merrill Lynch's supervisory systems were also inadequate and not reasonably designed to achieve compliance with the federal securities laws, NASD rules, and Merrill Lynch policies cited herein that prohibit misleading statements or material omissions in published research reports.  

97. In addition, although Merrill Lynch's policies and procedures prohibited the dissemination of material non-public information as well as dissemination of other market sensitive information such as unpublished research reports and ratings, Merrill Lynch did not maintain a supervisory system sufficient to enforce those policies and procedures because Merrill Lynch's supervisory systems were not reasonably designed to monitor the external communications of its research analysts so as to detect and prevent the improper dissemination of ratings, or reports with ratings, as described above or in the instances described below.

98. A Merrill Lynch analyst who was not in the Internet group improperly gave advance notice of his stock ratings on Tyco and SPX Corporation ("SPX") to three institutional clients prior to the publication of those ratings.  In an e-mail dated September 7, 1999 to an institutional client, the analyst stated, "I will be launching coverage on Thursday morning.  I will rate Tyco and SPX 1-1."  In another e-mail dated September 8, 1999 to a different institutional client, the analyst stated:  "Also FYI, we will be initiating coverage with a 1-1 buy rating tomorrow!"  A third e-mail to another institutional client conveyed the same advance notice of the analyst's stock ratings.

99. The same analyst also improperly disseminated material, nonpublic information concerning the acquisition of a Siemens business unit by Tyco.  The analyst heard a rumor sometime prior to September 1999 (from hedge fund clients) that Tyco intended to purchase a Siemens business unit.  The analyst followed-up on this rumor on September 25, 1999, when he sent an e-mail to Tyco Investor Relations, attaching a draft Merrill Lynch research report dated for release on September 28, 1999 and asking, "Please help fill in the blanks on the Siemens unit!"  The stated reason for the report was "Accretion Could Be $0.07 in Year 1" -  meaning that Tyco's acquisition of the Siemens unit could add 7 cents per share in the first year of ownership.  As a result of this e-mail and his subsequent communications with Tyco, by September 25, 1999, the analyst possessed material, non-public information from Tyco.

100. The analyst selectively disseminated this information to certain institutional clients.  On September 27, 1999, the analyst e-mailed an institutional client and stated: "FYI.  It is likely that Tyco will announce the purchase of the Siemens connector operation early Tuesday morning for about $1.2 billion for $900 million in sales . . . Accretion could be about $0.05 - $0.07 in the first 12 months."  This e-mail was materially accurate in terms of the purchase price, expected sales revenue from the purchase, and expected accretion to Tyco's EPS.  On September 27, 1999 at 4:00 p.m., the analyst e-mailed an updated research bulletin to Tyco Investor Relations, wherein some of the missing information regarding the acquisition had been supplied.  This research was also dated for release on September 28, 1999.

101. On September 27, 1999, a Tyco Investor Relations employee e-mailed the analyst a "grid", apparently prepared by Tyco, detailing the advantages of this acquisition.  Later that day, the analyst received an e-mail from Tyco Investor Relations, which stated: "The attached information makes you an insider until the [Siemens] deal is announced.  The information sheet at this stage is preliminary."  Shortly thereafter, the analyst e-mailed the "grid" to an institutional client and wrote, "... You can't use until after announcement!"

102. On September 28, 1999 at 1:45 am, a Tyco Investor Relations employee e-mailed the analyst stating:  "Here is the revised information sheet [on the Siemens acquisition] . . . .  DO NOT PUT OUT ANY INFORMATION UNTIL THE STORY CROSSES THE WIRE-I WILL CALL YOU WHEN IT DOES.  THERE HAS BEEN A DELAY, SO THE EARLIEST IT WILL BE RELEASED IS AT 7 AM EST."  On September 28, 1999, Tyco officially announced its acquisition of the Siemens unit under terms materially consistent with the analyst's prior communications to individuals outside of Merrill Lynch.  On September 28, 1999, the analyst issued his research report on Tyco, announcing the "all cash" acquisition of the Siemens unit.

FIRST CLAIM FOR RELIEF 
[Violation of Section 15(c)(1), Rule 15c1-2 Thereunder, and Section 15(c)(2) of the Exchange Act, and NASD and NYSE Rules by Issuing Fraudulent Research on GoTo.Com and InfoSpace]
103. Paragraphs 1-102 are realleged and incorporated by reference.

104. Section 15(c)(1)(A) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78o(c)(1)] provides, in relevant part, that

[n]o broker or dealer shall make use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce to effect any transaction in, or to induce or attempt to induce the purchase or sale of, any security . . . otherwise than on a national securities exchange of which it is a member by means of any manipulative, deceptive, or other fraudulent device or contrivance.

105. Rule 15c1-2 [17 C.F.R. § 240.15c1-2] provides, in relevant part, that the term, "manipulative, deceptive, or other fraudulent device," as used in Section 15(c)(1)(A) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78o(c)(1)] shall include (a) "any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person" and (b) "any untrue statement of a material fact and any omission to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, which statement is made with knowledge or reasonable grounds to believe that is us untrue or misleading."

106. Section 15(c)(2)(A) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78o(c)(2)] provides, in relevant part, that 

      [n]o broker or dealer shall make use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce to effect any transaction in, or to induce or attempt to induce the purchase or sale of, any security . . . otherwise than on a national securities exchange of which it is a member, in connection with which such broker or dealer engages in any fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative act or practice, or makes any fictitious quotation.

107. NASD Conduct Rule 2110 requires members to observe high standards of commercial honor and just and equitable principles of trade.

108. NASD Conduct Rule 2210(d)(1)(A) states:

All member communications with the public shall be based on principles of fair dealing and good faith and should provide a sound basis for evaluating the facts in regard to any particular security or securities or type of security, industry discussed, or service offered.  No material fact or qualification may be omitted if the omission, in the light of the context of the material presented, would cause the communications to be misleading.

109. NASD Conduct Rule 2210(d)(1)(B) prohibits members from making "[e]xaggerated, unwarranted or misleading statements or claims" in all public communications and states that "no member shall, directly or indirectly, publish, circulate or distribute any public communication that the member knows or has reason to know contains any untrue statement of a material fact or is otherwise false or misleading."

110. NASD Conduct Rule 2210(d)(2)(B) requires, among other things, that members have a reasonable basis for all recommendations made in advertisements and sales literature.

111. NASD Conduct Rule 2210(d)(2)(C) prohibits members from making, among other things, "promises of specific results, exaggerated or unwarranted claims or unwarranted superlatives, opinions for which there is no reasonable basis, or forecasts of future events which are unwarranted" in communications with the public.

112. NYSE Rule 401 requires that member organizations adhere at all times to the principles of good business practice in the conduct of their business affairs.

113. NYSE Rule 476(a)(6) prohibits members from engaging in conduct or proceeding in a manner inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade. 

114. NYSE Rule 472 provides, among other things, that 

      [n]o member or member organization shall utilize any communication which contains (i) any untrue statement or omission of a material fact or is otherwise false or misleading; or (ii) promises of specific results, exaggerated or unwarranted claims; or (iii) opinions for which there is no reasonable basis; or (iv) projections or forecasts of future events which are not clearly labeled as forecasts.

115. As alleged above, Merrill Lynch issued research reports on GoTo and InfoSpace that were materially misleading because they were contrary to Merrill Lynch research analysts' privately-expressed negative views.    

116. By reason of the foregoing, Merrill Lynch violated Section 15(c)(1), Rule 15c1-2 thereunder and 15(c)(2) of the Exchange Act, NASD Conduct Rules 2110, 2210(d)(1), and 2210(d)(2), and NYSE Rules 401, 472, and 476(a)(6).

SECOND CLAIM FOR RELIEF
[Violations of NASD and NYSE Rules by Publishing Misleading, Exaggerated, Unbalanced or Unwarranted Research and Making Statements Without a Reasonable Basis]
117. Paragraphs 1-102 and 107-114 are realleged and incorporated by reference.

118. As alleged above, Merrill Lynch issued research reports on 24/7 Media, Inc.; LifeMinders, Inc.; Homestore.com, Inc.; Excite@Home; and Internet Capital Group, Inc. that were not based on principles of fair dealing and good faith and did not provide a sound basis for evaluating facts, contained exaggerated or unwarranted claims about these companies, and/or contained opinions for which there was no reasonable basis. 

119. By reason of the foregoing, Merrill Lynch violated NASD Conduct Rules 2110, 2210(d)(1), and 2210(d)(2), and NYSE Rules 401, 472, and 476(a)(6).  

THIRD CLAIM FOR RELIEF
[Violation of NASD and NYSE Rules Due to Conflicts of Interest Resulting From Investment Banking Influence Over Research Analysts]
120. Paragraphs 1-102, 107, and 112-113 are realleged and incorporated by reference.

121. During the relevant period, Merrill Lynch engaged in the acts and practices described above that created or maintained inappropriate influence by investment banking over research analysts and therefore imposed conflicts of interest on its research analysts.  Merrill Lynch failed to manage these conflicts in an adequate or appropriate manner.  

122. By reason of the foregoing, Merrill Lynch violated NASD Conduct Rule 2110 and NYSE Rules 401 and 476(a)(6).

FOURTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
[Violations of NASD and NYSE Rules by Failing to Supervise]
123. Paragraphs 1-102 are realleged and incorporated by reference.

124. NASD Conduct Rule 3010(a) requires members, among other things, to "establish and maintain a system to supervise the activities of each registered representative and associated person that is reasonably designed to achieve compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with" NASD's own Rules.

125. NYSE Rule 342(a) requires members, among other things, to maintain "appropriate supervisory control" over all business activities to ensure compliance with securities laws and regulations, including establishing "a separate system of follow-up and review to determine that the delegated authority and responsibility is being properly exercised."

126. As alleged above, Merrill Lynch failed to manage the conflicts of interest for research analysts and to protect research analysts from undue influence by investment banking.  Also, Merrill Lynch's supervisory systems were not reasonably designed or implemented to monitor research analysts' external e-mails to detect and prevent the occurrence of the violations described herein.   

127. By reason of the foregoing, Merrill Lynch violated NASD Conduct Rule 3010(a) and NYSE Rule 342(a).

PRAYER FOR RELIEF
WHEREFORE, the Commission respectfully requests that this Court enter final judgment:

I.

Permanently restraining and enjoining defendant from violating Section 15(c)(1), Rule 15c1-2 thereunder, and 15(c)(2) of the Exchange Act, NASD Conduct Rules 2110, 2210(d)(1), 2210(d)(2), and 3010(a), and NYSE Rules 342(a), 401, 472, and 476.

II.

Ordering defendant to account for and disgorge all proceeds it has obtained as a result of its illegal conduct, plus prejudgment interest thereon.

III.

  Ordering defendant to pay civil money penalties.

IV.

Ordering such other and further relief as this Court may deem just and appropriate.



 

Respectfully submitted,


 

__________________________


Of Counsel:
Yuri B. Zelinsky
Kara Novaco Brockmeyer
Michael S. Fuchs 

Kenneth L. Miller (KM 5614)
Antonia Chion (AC 9522)
James A. Meyers (JM 5231)
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20549-0911
(202) 942-4567 (Chion)
(202) 942-9636 (Chion fax)


Date: April 28, 2003 

Attorneys for Plaintiff




http://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/comp18115.htm




Home | Previous Page
Modified: 04/28/2003







 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


