









Summer Infant Names Seasoned Juvenile Products Leader Mark Messner as President and Chief Executive Officer Nasdaq:SUMR









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Summer Infant Names Seasoned Juvenile Products Leader Mark Messner as President and Chief Executive Officer




















June 29, 2016 09:00 ET

 | Source: Summer Infant, Inc. Corporate Solutions






WOONSOCKET, R.I., June  29, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Summer Infant, Inc. (“Summer Infant” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ:SUMR), a global leader in premium infant and juvenile products, today announced that Mark Messner has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective July 13, 2016. Robert Stebenne, Summer Infant’s current President and CEO, will remain a member of the Company’s Board of Directors.   Mr. Messner, 50, brings strong leadership and marketing experience in the juvenile products’ space to Summer Infant. Most recently he served as Chief Executive Officer of Artsana USA, Inc. (Chicco), a manufacturer of baby care products under the Chicco brand. In this role he oversaw finance, operations, marketing, e-commerce, product development and sales for the United States and Canada. Mr. Messner joined Artsana USA in 2003 as Vice President of Marketing & Product Development and served as its Chief Operating Officer for three years before taking over as CEO in 2012. He began his career with Graco Children’s Products in 1991.  “Mark is a passionate and customer-focused leader whose experience in building brands and creating innovative products will help drive Summer Infant’s next stage of growth,” said Dan Almagor, Chairman of Summer Infant’s Board of Directors. “Over his 13-year career at Artsana USA, Mark built a strong team and culture of creativity and product development. I am delighted that Mark will be at the helm of Summer Infant as we build on the great progress recently achieved. We also want to express our sincere appreciation to Bob Stebenne for guiding the Company through a challenging period this past year. Through his efforts, Bob created significant positive momentum for Summer Infant, which Mark can leverage to expand the Company’s market presence and capitalizes on new growth opportunities.”  “I look forward to working with Mark and the Board as we continue to advance our product differentiation strategy and focus on building value for our shareholders,” added Bob Stebenne, President and CEO. “Mark is clearly the ideal choice to lead Summer Infant going forward. He is a successful executive who understands the three critical competencies required to run our Company – a focus on growth, new product innovation, and a mission-driven orientation.” “Summer Infant has a strong portfolio of core brands, a successful track record of new product development, and global growth potential,” said Mark Messner. “I’m excited to join the Company and work closely with the Board and its talented team of employees to build on Summer Infant’s solid foundation and create even greater value in the years to come.” In connection with his offer of employment, Mr. Messner was granted (i) an option to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, with an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant, (ii) 50,000 shares of restricted stock and (iii) a performance-based restricted stock unit award of up to 100,000 restricted stock units.  Subject to Mr. Messner’s continued service with the Company, his stock option and restricted stock awards will each vest in equal annual installments over a four-year period beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant.  The performance-based restricted stock unit award will vest upon the achievement of a specified adjusted EBITDA margin in each of fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018, with 50,000 units vesting if the specified margin is achieved in fiscal year 2017 and 50,000 units vesting if the specified margin is achieved in fiscal year 2018.  The Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors granted these awards as an inducement material to Mr. Messner’s acceptance of employment in accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). About Summer Infant, Inc.Based in Woonsocket, Rhode Island, the Company is a global leader of premium infant and juvenile products for ages 0-3 years which are sold principally to large North American and international retailers. The Company currently sells proprietary products in a number of different categories including nursery audio/video monitors, safety gates, durable bath products, bed rails, nursery products, strollers, booster and potty seats, swaddling blankets, bouncers, travel accessories, highchairs, swings, and infant feeding products.  For more information about the Company, please visit www.summerinfant.com. Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements concern management's current assumptions, estimates, beliefs, plans, strategies and expectations and anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking information may be identified by terms such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “outlook,” “may,” “estimate,” “should,” “predict” and similar terms or variations thereof, and includes statements regarding the effectiveness of our strategy to promote future growth and profitability, the strength of our customer and supplier relationships, the ability of our new leadership team and expected trends and product innovation. These statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our Company, are not guarantees of future results or performance, and involve significant risks, uncertainties and other factors, including assumptions and projections, for all forward periods. Our actual results may differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We intend our forward-looking statements to speak only as of the time of such statements and do not undertake or plan to update or revise them as more information becomes available or to reflect changes in expectations, assumptions or results. We cannot give any assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. An occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2016, and other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could materially and adversely impact our operations and our future financial results.  Contact:
Chris Witty
Investor Relations
646-438-9385
cwitty@darrowir.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Summer Infant, Inc. Corporate Solutions


Summer Infant to Hold Conference Call for its Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3
July 24, 2017 08:00


Summer Infant Announces Upcoming Investor Events
May 31, 2017 08:00


Summer Infant to Present at the B. Riley Conference on May 25
May 15, 2017 10:00


Summer Infant Reports First Quarter Results
May 03, 2017 16:15


Summer Infant to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 4
April 25, 2017 08:00






236



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Summer Infant, Inc. Corporate Solutions





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Woonsocket, Rhode Island, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Contact:
Chris Witty
Investor Relations
646-438-9385
cwitty@darrowir.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Summer Infant, Inc. Corporate Solutions  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.






Mark Messner 的个人主页 | Facebook




Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017














High SchoolCatholic Central High SchoolDavenport West High SchoolSycamore Community SchoolsLebanon High SchoolFond du Lac High SchoolWest Allegheny Senior High SchoolLove First Christian CenterWilliam Allen High School更多...按城市筛选Lebanon, OhioOgallala, Nebraska匹兹堡费城阿伦敦Easton, PennsylvaniaImperial, PennsylvaniaBrookhaven, Pennsylvania萨拉索塔更多... -->




Mark Messner: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 3:13 AM ET
Leisure Products

Company Overview of Summer Infant, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Mark   Messner  Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Summer Infant, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships51$449,447As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Mark Messner has been the Chief Executive Officer and President at Summer Infant, Inc. since July 13, 2016 and has been its Director since May 22, 2017. Mr. Messner served as Treasurer of Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association Inc. since March 27, 2013. He has strong leadership and marketing experience in the juvenile products space to Summer Infant. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Artsana USA, Inc. (Chicco) since 2012, a manufacturer of baby care ... products under the Chicco brand. In this role he oversaw finance, operations, marketing, e-commerce, product development and sales for the United States and Canada. He joined Artsana USA in 2003 as Vice President of Marketing & Product Development and served as its Chief Operating Officer from 2009 to 2012. He began his career with Graco Children's Products in 1991. He has been a Director at Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association Inc., since April 2012.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1275 Park East DriveWoonsocket, Rhode Island 02895United StatesPhone: 401-671-6550Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2012-PresentDirector and Member of Executive CommitteeJuvenile Products Manufacturers Association Inc2017-PresentChief Executive Officer, President & DirectorSummer Infant, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association Inc


Annual Compensation
Salary$173,846Total Annual Compensation$173,846
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$85,000All Other Compensation$41,786Unexercisable Options$100,000Total Number of Options$100,000
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$263,447Total Short Term Compensation$173,846Other Long Term Compensation$126,786Total Calculated Compensation$449,447




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationChristopher J. Munyan CEO, President & DirectorCSS Industries, Inc.$641.7KMichael B. Polk Chief Executive Officer and DirectorNewell Brands Inc.$1.3MMartin  Schwartz Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDorel Industries Inc.$970.4KMartin  Pos Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorGoodbaby International Holdings Limited$6.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2017.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Summer Infant, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Investing in Innovation to Enhance Product Performance - TREND HUNTER PRO













































Ideas
Insights
Services
Reports
Dashboard
Books
Assessment
Keynotes
Events
About
Contact
Login
Logout
Copyright and Terms


LoginChoose a Plan 













									Investing in Innovation to Enhance Product Performance								

									Mark Messner, CEO, Chicco USA / Artsana					
								



Next 












Sarah Dos Santos



											Published: Mar, 12, 14										



Related Trend Reports

												Babies, 											

												Cosmetics, 											

												Fashion, 											

												Food, 											

												Gadgets, 											

												Health, 											

												Inventions, 											

												Life Stages, 											

												Social Business, 											

												Tech, 											

												Toys, 											

												Youth											






Mark Messner is the Chief Executive Officer at Chicco USA / Artsana. The company was founded in Italy in 1946 and Mark joined the team 11 years ago running marketing and product development. He has had a great run in the business and he has been able to see the company expand exponentially over the years. He became leader of the US subsidiary in September 2009 and helps keep his team at the forefront of innovation, creativity and productivity.

Three Questions with Mark

1. How does your team generate new ideas?
Our team is made up of really passionate people who strive to do things better. The folks that work for me are very critical of ideas, the products in the marketplace, and we all have a desire to make the consumer happy. This generates many passionate discussions amongst team members that ultimately make everyone vested in project vision and direction.

Take car seats for example: the installation of them can be one of the most threatening tasks on the to do list and parents can become easily overwhelmed. You’ve got to make that experience as easy as possible for mom and dad. When it comes down to installation of car seats we have one of the easiest installations on the market. Plus, our convertible car seat adjusts to the baby’s growth so when families buy our products they’re making a great investment for the safety of their kids. We use an innovative technology (the SuperCinch™), which is a force multiplier that connects to the vehicle LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for Children) to get the car seat installed rock solid. This helps to optimize performance of the car seat.

2. How do you identify trends? What resources does your team use to spot trends and consumer insights?
We buy a lot of competitive products and we actually do qualitative and quantitative research on those products to see what the features are that make the consumers chose a winning product. We mix our products into those studies to make sure we’re going to win. This ambitious attitude gives us confidence. We do extensive research and fashion is a huge component.

We like to play off our Italian heritage. We go to shows in Europe to explore how fashion can translate into baby gear. What’s worked for us is to cluster our products into fashion collections to make buying easier. Consumers like things that match, or come in a collection. Our customer research has shown us how big a role fashion plays in all other areas of the industry.

A baby carrier, for instance, is an extension of your personality. It needs to be a fashion forward item that looks cool and hip. We also appeal to male marketing, as dads are becoming more of a part in baby caretaking. We want to encourage them.

3. Looking to the future, how is Chicco USA/ Artsana going to be a leader in innovation?
Innovation is expensive... we invest heavily in it as well as product development. Within the next year we plan to add more people to our staff to help peak innovation – it’s the lifeblood of our company. We believe that the product is king and we’re poised for great growth in the future. There are lots of categories for us to get into. We’re gear oriented but we participate in other areas too! We’ve recently launched feeding and soothing (bottles, pacifiers and accessories) and we’ve had a really positive reaction to our new clothing line.

At the end of the day it comes down to the need to be good storytellers. Our marketing team does a great job with the materials they’ve put out and the story they’re telling for us.


								References: artsana and linkedin






Featured






							  				Cosmetic Play

Modern fashionistas crave a more playful take on ... 
							            	[More]







							  				Nutritional Rearing

Weary of sedentary lifestyles, parents teach healthy eating earlier than ... 
							            	[More]







							  				Urban Parent Gear

Innovative approaches to baby care make life easier and more ... 
							            	[More]







							  				Physical Bonding

Parents turn to close-contact carriers to encourage bonding with ... 
							            	[More]







							  				Portion Control Enabled

Families look to limit overconsumption as obesity becomes a ... 
							            	[More]







							  				Toy Detection

Parents turn to toy-like technology to easily monitor their ... 
							            	[More]







							  				Mommy Chic

The next generation babyboom, spurred by Hollywood ... 
							            	[More]







							  				Beneficial Beauty

Cause-driven products become prevalent in the cosmetics ... 
							            	[More]







							  				Infant Organic

Parents look to impart a sense of healthy eating as early as ... 
							            	[More]


 











Click Here to Login










Premium Services

Custom Research


Innovation Keynotes


Future Festival

Innovation Toolkit

Our Bestselling Books


Trend Report Library


Our #1 Innovation Video

Free Resources

Your Custom Dashboard


Weekly Trend Report


Sample PRO Trends




















Mark Messner - Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association



































Search »



Join   |   Print Page   |   Contact Us   |   Sign In









Dedicated to promoting the industryand the safe use of juvenile products




Our Industry

About JPMAAnnual SalesPrograms

Baby Safety MonthInnovation AwardsScholarship Program

Consumer EducationJPMA MembersPartnersBoard & StaffPress Room

Safety

Certification ProgramCertified Product Directory

by Categoryby Manufacturer

StandardsSafe & Sound for BabySafe Sleep CenterBaby Safety ZoneBaby Safety Month

Advocacy

DC OfficeRegulationsState & LocalCapitol HillPACSummit

Resources

Annual Industry StudyAssociate Member ServicesManufacturers Rep DirectoryFind a Medical ExpertBusiness ConsultantLegal ConsultantBlogJP W.O.M.E.N.Small Business ResourcesConsumer Content Library

Learn

JPMA UniversityASTMFederal RegulationsJPMA SummitResearch & Trends

Join

Why Join?Member Benefits

Regular & Start-UpAssociate Member



Events











Mark Messner
	









		Mr. Mark Messner
		

		Lancaster, Pennsylvania
		
Visit member's profile page »





















Sign In




Sign In securely
Become a Member



			Latest News
			more

  7/21/2017Connecticut Expands Rear-Facing and Booster Car Seat Requirements  7/7/2017JPMA Partnership with Good+ Foundation creates impact!



			Calendar
			more

7/26/2017 » 7/29/2017Prevcon8/26/2017 » 8/27/2017Chicago Baby Show


Online Surveys
2016 Industry Study Feedback


Thank You For Updating Your Profile






Michelman & Robinson, LLPEnnovate ProductsVenice ChildSkydexThe Tot SquadJollybebeNext Generation Distributors Inc.SwipenSnap™ By Better Way Goods, LLCBetterbond Company, Inc.LILLEbaby, LLCKorbex International LLCAC Window Guard LLCBrilliant PR & MarketingRetiredHarris Williams & Co.David E. Campbell & AssociatesTenplusten LLCCilek USA Inc.Hinge ConsultingHatch BabyWaterPuraLuv Bug CompanyTriad Retail MediaBeabaPMG TechnologiesPMG TechnologiesPMG TechnologiesPMG TechnologiesPMG TechnologiesVeer Gear, LLC























Contact

Press Room



JPMA is professionally managed by Association Headquarters Inc., a charter accredited association management company.










Association Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal







Summer Infant's (SUMR) CEO Mark Messner on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Summer Infant's (SUMR) CEO Mark Messner on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 8.17 | About: Summer Infant, (SUMR) Summer Infant Inc. (NASDAQ:SUMR)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 4, 2017 9:00 AM ET
Executives
Chris Witty - VP, IR
Mark Messner - President and CEO
Bill Mote - CFO
Analysts
Eric Beder - Wunderlich Securities
Dave King - Roth Capital Partners
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Summer Infant's first quarter conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, May 4, 2017. I would now like to turn the conference over to the moderator, Chris Witty.
Chris Witty
Hello, and welcome to the Summer Infant 2017 first quarter conference call. With me on the call today is Summer Infant's CEO, Mark Messner, and CFO, Bill Mote. I would now like to provide a brief safe harbor statement. This call may include forward-looking statements that relates to Summer Infant's outlook for 2017 and beyond. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to risk factors contained in the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the call, management may make references to adjusted EBITDA, constant currency sales, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share. These metrics are non-GAAP financial measures, which the company believes help investors gain a meaningful understanding of changes in Summer Infant's operations. For more information on non-GAAP financial measures please see the table for reconciliation of GAAP results to non-GAAP measures included in today's financial release. And with that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mark Messner. Mark?
Mark Messner
Thanks, Chris, and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining our first quarter conference call. I'll start by giving an overview of recent developments after which Bill will go through our financial results in detail. We've had a busy start to 2017 and are generally pleased with how the year is shaping up, revenue in the first quarter was $47.3 million, an improvement over Q4 but was down slightly year-over-year due to general weakness across brick and mortar space with offsetting strength across our e-commerce channels. As I'll review in a moment, we saw slower sales across some product lines in particular which we are currently working to reinvigorate.
That said, we posted strong gross margins of 32.3% so improving demand trends as the quarter progressed and posted earnings of a penny per share which makes us feel cautiously optimistic about the rest of 2017.
Now, let me review what we've been doing to bolster the company's go-forward growth plan. First we're taking steps to reorganize how we operate both internally and externally. With regards to the latter, I discussed last quarter how Summer Infant was taking more proactive strategic approach to its customer relationships in terms of building the company's brands and strengthening their appeal across the various points of sale we served. We're looking at ways to connect with our channel partners in a more productive fashion so that our brands are a win-win for both us and our customers which should result in higher demand and increased margins going forward. This involves reducing the number of third party wholesalers and taking consumer research more seriously along with revamping how we approach product development, meaning the internal side of this equation. We've regrouped internal functions to position us for growth including realigning product development, marketing and sales to streamline our go-to-market strategy. This has meant letting certain people go even as we invest in specific new hires and processes.

In essence, we're moving away from a business category structure and reorganize along functional lines of expertise. The goal of these internal changes are multifaceted. We intend to speed the process of bringing new concepts to market, provide the right products to the right customers and hold our client managers accountable throughout the world. We expect these actions will result in an organization that is both more nimble and customer-focused, and this is just the beginning. The reality is that a company like us must constantly evolve not only to meet the product needs of the market but also the market changes themselves by which I mean the significant shift currently playing out in terms of purchase behavior. There have been numerous articles written recently about the accelerating move for online purchasing.
With resulting negative impact hitting brick and mortar stores hard Some analysts even see this as an implosion of the retail experience, a sea change that is causing a cascading number of store closures around the globe. We understand this and are not sitting still. We know our customers well and we know how to adapt to the challenges going forward. Each of our brick and mortar partners has different issues they are facing as well as various strategies being undertaken to address them. So while we're certainly putting more emphasis on e-commerce platforms, we're also working with our retail customers to ensure our products better-match the demographics they serve. We're looking to broaden our brands and strengthen them by using various product styles and derivatives suited solely to certain channels and specific retail companies. This reduces product overlap and price sensitivity, builds loyalty with our customers and provides flexibility to address market dynamics. We have already started making some of these changes and our retail partners have responded well to this innovative strategy. So I'm excited about the rest of 2017.
As I said earlier, we're taking action both internally to structure our organization and externally in how we approach our channel partners and marketing initiatives. The end result should be a company that's better aligned with its customers and adapt more rapidly to changes and consumer demand and has strong differentiated brands, all resulting in higher top line growth and margins.
From a product development perspective we're investing in areas that offer the greatest opportunity for additional market penetration. This includes our tried and true monitor business as well as gear, safety and swaddle areas, and we'll be rolling out product derivatives, as I mentioned earlier, that are focused on specific channels and retail partners we serve. I think we're off to a good start and I've seen a pickup in demand during the latter part of the first quarter which we hope is a sign of things to come. While it's clearly too early to predict how the year will play out, we're cautiously optimistic that we should see sequential sales growth going forward along with continued strong margins.
Higher top line results will still be closely tied to online sales as well as international expansion. We're adding resources to expand overseas with a particular emphasis on Europe and Asia and expect our shipments to increase this year. Overall, we are taking nothing for granted given the ever-changing demand dynamics in the retail industry. We'll continue to make Summer Infant a more responsive customer-focused organization. And I'm pleased with what we've already accomplished as well as the outlook going forward. We will constantly evolve to meet the challenges of tomorrow with the never-ending goal of improving the brand with our consumers and returns for our shareholders.

With that, I'll turn it over to Bill for our financial results in detail. Bill?
Bill Mote
Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Our 10-Q and related press release were issued last night. In addition to listening to this call I encourage you to review our filings.
Net sales for the first quarter were $47.3 million versus $49.7 million in the prior-year period. Revenue was down year-over-year primarily due to lower-than-expected sales of our feeding, nursery and monitor products, partially offset by increased safety and gear sales. Revenue was negatively impacted by a slowdown in brick and mortar demand, as Mark just reviewed, and we are taking proactive steps to address this in our general strategy going forward.
Gross profit the first quarter of 2017 was $15.3 million compared with $15.7 million for the first quarter of 2016. And gross margin was 32.3% in 2017 versus 31.7% in the prior year period. The three months ended April 2, 2016, included $300,000 in temporary demurrage charges and $200,000 in foreign exchange losses with no similar items in the current fiscal year period. We continue to work on improving margins across the company.
Selling expenses were at $3.9 million in the first quarter of 2017, essentially flat compared with the first quarter of 2016.
General and administrative expenses were $9.3 million in fiscal 2017 versus $10.8 million in fiscal 2016. And general and administrative as a percent of sales declined to 19.6% from 21.6% in the prior-year period, which included $1.4 million of litigation costs. The associated litigation was settled in December 2016.
Interest expense was $700,000 in the first quarter 2017 versus $600,000 last year, while depreciation and amortization declined to $1.1 million from $1.2 million last year.
The company reported net income of $200,000 or $0.01 per share in the first quarter of 2017 compared with a net loss of $300,000 or $0.02 per share in the first quarter of 2016. The current quarter was the third period of positive net income in the past 12 months, our best performance in many years, and a sign of improving fundamentals.
Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $2.4 million versus $3.2 million for the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of 2017 includes $200,000 in bank permitted add-back charges compared with $2 million in the prior-year period as defined in our February 2017 amended credit facility.
Turning to the balance sheet. As of March 31, 2017, Summer Infant had approximately $700,000 of cash and $47.9 million of debt compared with $1 million of cash and $46.9 million of debt on December 31, 2016. Inventory as of April 1, 2017 was $36.8 million compared with $36.1 million as of December 31, 2016. We continue to manage inventory while still having the highest quality merchandise available for sale. Trade receivables at the end of the first quarter were $34.4 million compared with $34.1 million as of December 31, 2016. Accounts payable and accrued expenses were $37.1 million as of April 1, 2017, compared with $38.4 million at the beginning of the fiscal year.
Regarding cash flow, we used $600,000 of cash in operations this quarter versus $6.1 million of cash generation in the prior year period. Working capital remains in check and is down over 15% from the end of 2015 and we expect cash flow improvement in the quarters to come even as we invest in the product development initiatives Mark discussed.
With that I'll turn over the call to the operator and open it up for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Eric Beder of Wunderlich. Please go ahead.
Eric Beder
Good morning. Congratulations on a solid start of the year. When you look going forward - first of all, what was the split now between online and brick and mortar and where do you see it going forward?

Mark Messner
Well, I mean, I'm not going to talk specifically about the split, but I mean we've had serious double-digit growth, over 14% in e-commerce, and obviously brick and mortar some of the baby brick and mortar in particular have had a really slow start to the year. So we will leverage our e-commerce sales and ship some our marketing programs to leverage sales through that channel, Eric.
Eric Beder
Okay. And in terms of product mix, I know you've talked before about the car seat business, and that's toward next year, is that still a major focus for you in terms of 2018 and beyond?
Mark Messner
Yes, we hope to make 2018, I mean car seats aren't a short lead time type item, but you'll definitely see this become more active in gear. I mean, you know we've been in high chairs and playards and such in the past and maybe haven't put as much attention to those but I think there is some opportunities there in the innovation pipeline that we're seeing.
Eric Beder
Right. And last question. When you look, how should we be thinking about, you put up a lot talk about how you are going to be more innovative and more responsive, how should we be thinking about that in terms of product mix going forward looking longer term, how should be we seeing? Will we be seeing less product categories or more product categories? How should we be thinking about that?
Mark Messner
Yes, I don't see necessarily more product categories, but the categories we participate in we have a derivatives strategy that you hadn't seen from Summer in the past where we typically bring out a hero item at one price point and sell it into all the different channels at that price point and they do get out online to see who can go the lowest. With a new derivative strategy, if you have a product with meaningful separation between price points and let's say you have a superseded $30, $40 and maybe $50 you can probably have a $30 one that's appropriate for an entry level partner and a $50 one for the premium. So I think a deeper thought process on our derivative strategy will help us become stronger in the categories we participate in.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Dave King of ROTH Capital. Please go ahead.
Dave King
Thanks, good morning guys. I had to jump on late so forgive me if you already answered some of these, but can you talk a little a bit about what drove the margin expansion in the period? And then, Bill, how are you thinking about it shaking out for the rest of the year and what are sort of the key drivers there?
Bill Mote
Yes, so margin expansion, just compared to last year, last year we were facing some currency headwinds, so that's a part of it. The other part of it is that we have a change in mix of products more to some of our safety items that tend to have in some cases a little bit higher margin. We also had a couple of small headwinds this quarter in the margins that drove a little bit of decline. So it's actually we sold off a little more close-out inventory than we expected. It took the margins down by about $200,000 more than we had anticipated. So, overall, even with that hit we feel real good about the 32.3% and the continue to work on our supply chain to get cost out so that we can get to that at least that 33% level this year that we've been speaking about for some time. So good progress, not all the way there yet but we're making good progress towards the 33%.
Dave King
Okay. That's good color. And then maybe on the revenue side, encouraging that it was up sequentially. Is it still reasonable to assume growth on a year-on-year basis in the back half and then what are the drivers of that? So I think, Mark, maybe we talked in the past about additional shelf space, obviously there is new products. And then should we still be assuming further exiting of sort of low-profit accounts, I guess what are sort of puts and takes and how are you thinking about the top line shaping up? Thanks.

Mark Messner
Yes. I think we're seeing some good positivity here starting the second quarter and some of our initiatives internationally are certainly going to help with top line revenue growth. Yes, I mean, we're getting incrementality in placement at some of our key retail partners, so I think that's a very positive sign as well. Yes, I mean customers like Kmart, Sears, with the consolidation of our customer base, there's puts and takes there, but it feels like you're squeezing sales from one channel right into the bigger channel. So I feel good with how that consolidation is going. So feeling pretty positive.
Dave King
Okay. That's great, fantastic. And then maybe just one more for me. Maybe for Bill then. On free cash flow, I think maybe we've talked about how we should be thinking about cash flow from operations at least, what are the sort of thoughts on how that should come in for the year and what are the - I think I saw debt was down a little bit in the quarter, I guess what are the updated sort of debt pay down plans as we move forward?
Bill Mote
Debt's actually up a little bit, it's about $1 million up from Q1 of last year. I'm sorry Q4 of last year. But we're still targeting mid-single-digit operating cash flow and use that cash flow to pay down debt. And we kind of had the same path last year but we ended up creating a little more cash flow there again at the end of the year. So right now what we've said publically and what I still believe is that we'll be in that mid-single-digit operating cash flow and we'll use any excess cash to continue to pay down debt. I'm targeting debt paydown somewhere in that mid-single-digit range as well for the year.
Dave King
Okay. So mid-single-digits in dollar terms, right?
Bill Mote
Yes.
Dave King
Okay, fantastic. Great start to the year. Good luck with the rest. And thanks for taking the question.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Messner for any closing remarks.
Mark Messner
All right. Thank you, everybody, for joining us for today's call and we'll look forward to talking with you next quarter. Have a good afternoon.
Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Consumer Goods, Personal Products, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All SUMR TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksHasbro's Q2 (In Brief): Still BullishHAS• Today, 2:38 AM • Steven MallasA Tesla Bull And Bear Debate: 50% Upside Or 50% Downside?TSLA• Yesterday, 5:26 PM • Hedgeye•69 CommentsCarlisle Companies Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCSL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • SA TranscriptsColgate-Palmolive: Time To Move OnCL• Yesterday, 4:29 PM • Josh Arnold•5 CommentsHasbro: Buy On The Drop?HAS• Yesterday, 4:22 PM • Kumquat Research•1 CommentGeneral Motors Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGM• Yesterday, 3:58 PM • SA TranscriptsKimberly-Clark Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKMB• Yesterday, 3:57 PM • SA TranscriptsFord/GM Investors Should Sell Now: Ridesharing Will Soon Penetrate Suburbs, Devastate DividendsF, GM• Yesterday, 3:54 PM • Max Greve•65 CommentsDaimler: An Unexpected Income StockDMLRY• Yesterday, 3:12 PM • The Outsider•6 CommentsV.F. Corp.: Q2 Results Show Power Of BrandsVFC• Yesterday, 2:50 PM • Stone Fox Capital•2 CommentsiRobot Trying To Transition To An Information Business - ImplicationsIRBT• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • Gary Bourgeault•1 CommentFibria Celulose S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFBR• Yesterday, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsSkechers USA: A Story Of Belief; Stock Could Appreciate Over 25%SKX• Yesterday, 2:06 PM • Jared Orr•5 CommentsIs California Eliminating Incentives For All Teslas?TSLA• Yesterday, 2:05 PM • Donn Bailey•64 CommentsDon't Worry About The Decline In Sedan Sales: SUVs And Pickup Trucks Are Making Up For ItF, FCAU, GM• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • Anton Wahlman•19 CommentsVF Corporation Still Belongs In My PortfolioVFC• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Walter Zelezniak Jr•10 CommentsGraphic Packaging Holding Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGPK• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • SA TranscriptsPVH - Thriving In A Difficult EnvironmentPVH• Yesterday, 11:40 AM • Kenra Investors•1 CommentLamb Weston: What More Can You Ask For?LW• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsGM Cruises Through The Second QuarterGM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Samuel Smith•10 CommentsGM: They Can't All Be WinnersGM• Yesterday, 10:50 AM • Quad 7 Capital•2 CommentsJAKKS Pacific, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJAKK• Yesterday, 10:47 AM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsFerrari Sells Veblen Goods, Not CarsRACE• Yesterday, 9:58 AM • Ensemble CapitalCal-Maine Foods - Challenging Conditions PrevailCALM• Yesterday, 9:48 AM • The Value Investor•9 CommentsGM: A 'Not Bad' QuarterGM• Yesterday, 9:39 AM • Celeritas Investments•12 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Get Ready For An Earnings SurprisePG• Yesterday, 9:30 AM • Stefan Redlich•8 CommentsNestlé And Associated British Foods Are Tasty Investment MorselsNSRGY, ASBFY• Yesterday, 9:22 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•6 CommentsWessanen N.V. Koninklijke 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKJWNF• Yesterday, 8:30 AM • SA TranscriptsWill Tesla's Balance Sheet End Its Dreams?TSLA• Yesterday, 8:16 AM • ValueAnalyst•195 CommentsSensata Technologies Holding N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesST• Yesterday, 8:06 AM • SA TranscriptsProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Yesterday, 6:45 AM • Marc Gerstein•1 CommentI Sit On This Dividend Champion And Enjoy My DividendsPM• Yesterday, 6:42 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•19 CommentsCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•7 CommentsTesla: The 'Ludicrous' Demand Growth Of Model STSLA• Yesterday, 2:39 AM • BEV Consulting•61 CommentsPhilip Morris: The Good Bad QuarterPM• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:02 PM • Bill Maurer•9 CommentsTesla's Attempts To Raid California Coffers Unlikely To Be FruitfulTSLA• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:36 PM • EnerTuition•172 CommentsTesla, Batteries And Mobility: A Challenge For AutomakersTSLA• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:40 PM • Carmi Turchick•183 CommentsBracing For General Motors' EarningsGM• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:12 PM • Josh Arnold•6 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•11 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:14 PM • Nick Cox•1 CommentHasbro Deserves Your AttentionHAS• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:12 PM • L&F Capital Management•3 CommentsFive Below Is A Strong Buy In The Long RunFIVE• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:09 PM • Kush Patel•2 CommentsThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•202 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•63 CommentsTesla Maintains Strong Market Share Despite Onslaught Of CompetitionTSLA• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:53 PM • Siddharth Dalal•205 CommentsTesla Now On The ClockTSLA• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:48 PM • Bill Maurer•74 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/21/17: S&W Seed, Lands' End, Old Line BancsharesSANW• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:46 AM • InsiderInsightsCal Maine: Dire SituationCALM• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:13 AM • Quad 7 Capital•14 CommentsFilthy Reaction To HasbroHAS• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:41 AM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsGermany's Alleged Auto Cartel Is In A Deadly SpiralAUDVF, BMWYY, DDAIF• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:11 AM • Growth And Value•16 CommentsHasbro, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHAS• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:49 AM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Motors Q2 Earnings: Two Metrics You Should Care AboutGM• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:45 AM • General Expert•18 CommentsLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:41 AM • Goddess Diogenes•17 CommentsHarley-Davidson - Lack Of Catalysts Keeps Me On The SidelinesHOG• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:44 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsHarley-Davidson: Riding Off Into The SunsetHOG• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:15 AM • Da Shi Research•4 CommentsHershey: Overpriced And OverleveragedHSY• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:11 AM • Samuel Smith•13 CommentsGeneral Motors - Earnings Preview For 2nd Quarter 2017GM• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:42 PM • Brent A. Miller•10 CommentsLa-Z-Boy Forges Onward After Falling Short On Growth PlanLZB• Sun, Jul. 23, 5:25 AM • Underanalyzed EquitiesI Am Loving My Dividends From Philip MorrisPM• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:51 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•36 CommentsUnder Armour: Under Duress?UA, UAA• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:24 AM • D.M. Martins Research•15 CommentsTime To Be More Tolerant For This Growth Dairy Stock?SAPIF• Sat, Jul. 22, 5:26 AM • Brad MacIntoshEstimating ANFI's FY 2018 Margins And EarningsANFI• Sat, Jul. 22, 12:49 AM • Sven Carlin•16 CommentsNorthsight Capital Makes Cannabis Stocks Look BadNCAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:59 PM • Debra Borchardt•3 CommentsCoca-Cola: Where Does It End?KO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:04 PM • Josh Arnold•20 CommentsPhilip Morris Q2 Earnings Summary: What You Need To KnowPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•22 CommentsTesla's South Australia Battery Deal Shows Why The Company Is Not An Energy CompanyTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:30 PM • EnerTuition•327 CommentsSkechers Looks Good Into 2018SKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:19 PM • L&F Capital Management•8 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/20/17: NAV, OLBK, SKIS, SHLO, TWNNAV• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:38 PM • InsiderInsightsAutomakers Invest In Nauto's $159 Million Financing RoundGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:37 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentAutonomous Driving Leaps Forward, Leaving Tesla BehindTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:14 PM • Donn Bailey•324 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•166 CommentsVanguard Prepares To Destroy The S&P 500 AgainVDC• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:02 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•23 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentAltria: Dividend Is Safe...For NowMO• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:11 AM • Josh Arnold•37 CommentsThe Dividend Stock Bubble Has Claimed Another VictimPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:04 AM • Josh Arnold•30 Comments123456...435Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•15 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMG•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



AT&T (T) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


T•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•4 Comments 



Hawaiian Holdings' (HA) CEO Mark Dunkerley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 


Mark Messner - Lancaster, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Lancaster



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Mark Messner
                                    



 





















M 


Mark Messner
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1424 EDEN RD LANCASTER, PA 17601
Get Directions



(717) 392-4494





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $57,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Mark Messner







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Mark Messner was founded in 2008. Mark Messner specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association Announces Board of Directors 






























PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association Announces Board of Directors



Share Article

















JPMA Announces 2016-2017 Board Members and Officers






Mount Laurel, NJ (PRWEB)
February 24, 2016
 The Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association (JPMA) is pleased to announce its newly elected Board of Directors for the 2016-2017 term. The board members were voted on by membership during the Annual Member Meeting held during the recent JPMA Summit in Washington, DC.
To be eligible to become a member of the JPMA Board, an individual must be an employee of a member company that, at the time of election and throughout the board member’s tenure, is in good standing. Regular member manufacturers make up most of the board but one of the 13 seats may be occupied by a representative from an associate member. Responsibilities of the board members include but are not limited to: sustaining JPMA’s mission and purpose; ensuring effective planning; monitoring and strengthening programs and services of JPMA; providing oversight of the JPMA budget and financial reporting; building a competent board; ensuring legal and ethical integrity; and enhancing JPMA’s public standing. 
The JPMA Executive Committee consists of four officers.  The newly-elected officers are:
Andy Newmark, Kolcraft Enterprises, Chairman
Andy Newmark is Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Kolcraft Enterprises, a manufacturer of baby products including crib mattresses, bassinets, walkers, activity centers, strollers, and more. Newmark has been in the juvenile products industry for 30 years and has served in many leadership roles on the JPMA board including, most recently, as vice-chairman.
Rob Conley, Wow! Branding Building and Trading, Vice-Chairman 
A member of the juvenile products industry for 38 years, Rob Conley currently works with Wow! Branding and Trading, a company that help leaders develop a strategic foundation and identity that revitalizes their brand and business. Conley has been a member of the JPMA board for five years, most recently serving  in the position of treasurer. 
Ken Wittenauer, Britax Child Safety, Inc., Treasurer 
Ken Wittenauer is the Vice-President and General Counsel for Britax Child Safety, Inc., a leading manufacturer of juvenile car seats, strollers, baby carriers, bike seats and trailers. Britax has been a member of the association for many years and Wittenauer has served as a director for the past three.
Mark Messner, Artsana USA (Chicco), Immediate Past Chairman
Mark Messner is the CEO of Artsana USA, a manufacturer of various baby care products under the Chicco brand. Artsana USA products include baby gear, toys and feeding and soothing for infants and toddlers. Artsana USA has been a member of JPMA since 1991 and Messner has been a board member since 2009.  Messner has previously served in both officer and director positions on the JPMA board; his term as Chairman ended during the current election cycle.
Joining the officers are nine JPMA at-large directors:  
     Nancy Bartley, The Boppy Company
    Sean Beckstrom, Graco/Newell Rubbermaid
    Dave Taylor, Goodbaby/Evenflo
    Vincent D’Alleva, Fisher-Price/Mattel
    Stellario D’Urso, Kastel International 
    Brad Mattarocci, Baby Trend
    Rick Schaub, Dorel Juvenile Group
    Julianna Shaw, ZoLi Inc.
    Alan Wolkin, Colgate Juvenile Products 
“It’s an honor to have this opportunity to work with volunteer leadership that is so dedicated to the juvenile products industry,” said Kelly Mariotti, JD, CPA, CAE, executive director of JPMA. “Our board has displayed incredible vision and focus through the years and I expect their focus on our strategic initiatives to propel the association to new heights in 2016.”
For more information on JPMA, its board, programs and membership, visit http://www.jpma.org. 
About the Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association
The Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association (JPMA) is a national trade organization of more than 200 companies in the United States, Canada and Mexico. JPMA exists to advance the interests, growth and well-being of North American prenatal to preschool product manufacturers, importers and distributors marketing under their own brands to consumers. It does so through advocacy, public relations, information sharing, product performance certification and business development assistance conducted with appreciation for the needs of parents, children and retailers.
Each year, JPMA sponsors Baby Safety Month in September to educate parents and caregivers on the importance of the safe use and selection of juvenile products.
To find out more information about the JPMA Certification Program, the products certified and for a complete listing of JPMA members, please visit http://www.jpma.org. Follow JPMA on Twitter @JPMA, connect with JPMA on Facebook or on YouTube and visit http://www.jpma.org to learn more about additional safety tips and other JPMA initiatives.
Contact:
Lauren Schoener-Gaynor
856-380-6878
lgaynor(at)jpma.org
# # #



Share article on social media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Lauren Schoener-Gaynor
JPMA Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association +1 (856) 380-6878
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip

















 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on messner  family
We found ((number)) records for messner  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for messner  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the messner  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the messner family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the messner family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on brown  family
We found ((number)) records for brown  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for brown  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the brown  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the brown family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the brown family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on davis  family
We found ((number)) records for davis  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for davis  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the davis  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the davis family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the davis family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on jones  family
We found ((number)) records for jones  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for jones  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the jones  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the jones family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the jones family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on wilson  family
We found ((number)) records for wilson  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for wilson  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the wilson  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the wilson family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the wilson family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎















