










 





Creative Project Management & Workflow Software - Workgroups DaVinci







































The project and workflow management software trusted by top creative and marketing teams
See what Workgroups can do for your team Get Started Now




















Trusted by thousands of creative and marketing teams at top brands around the world, Workgroups DaVinci brings together the right mix of powerful project management, financial management, digital asset management and online proofing functionalities — specifically built for the creative production environment.











FOR CREATIVE AND MARKETING TEAM LEADERS
In order to manage your team effectively, you need deep, real-time insight into their productivity and the tools necessary to plan, assign, manage, and report on their output. Workgroups DaVinci gives you all that and more in a single powerful platform. Missed deadlines, maxed-out budgets and frustrating backlogs and bottlenecks are about to become relics of the past.Learn More






FOR CREATIVE AND MARKETING TEAMS
Imagine a workflow management software that makes your creative life easier instead of complicating it. That's Workgroups DaVinci. With seamless file-sharing among colleagues, customizable dashboards to track projects and campaigns on your terms and the most powerful proofing suite on the market, Workgroups gives you the tools you need to get the most from your creative process.Learn More






Easy Integrations
Workgroups supports Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Marketing Cloud and Salesforce. Our dozens of integrations and open API mean Workgroups works with the key tools your team already depends on.







See what Workgroups can do for your team
Get Started Now









"We now have an instant view of all our projects and the ability to manage them efficiently."
Sarah Andrews, Traffic CoordinatorCenter Point Energy





"Workgroups customer support is excellent, the response time is great and their software is outstanding."
Mike Ripca, Graphics Technical AdministratorAmerican College of Physicians









Make Sure Your Team Doesn’t Miss Out
Uncover the top workflow trends facing your creative team in 2017 and learn how the smartest creative leaders are leveraging these trends to supercharge their productivity.Get The Free eBook










 
























Financial Tracking for Creative Teams - Workgroups DaVinci






































Financial Management
Financial Productivity Management







Track, measure and control costs







Use templates or create free-form line items to account for your services, outside work and procurements. Time-tracking capabilities allow employees to record time and materials in real time or at the end of the day. Capture customer alterations by tracking them in real time to record the costs associated with customer changes.








Manage all steps of the procurement process from RFQ to ongoing vendor relationships







Our procurement feature gives you the ability to seamlessly generate a dynamic request for quote (including specs), present it to multiple vendors, collaborate, and receive bids back through a vendor-accessible web portal. Vendors can be awarded bids and notified, purchase order(s) created, production files transferred to the vendor and costs (with markup) charged back to the project or job.








Get the job reports and analysis you need to inform your decisions







Versatile WIP reporting allows you to create customizable reports and gain visibility to jobs that have not yet been invoiced, along with their associated costs. Our job cost analysis feature generates a report that provides an evaluation of costs with results categorized in detailed views, outside purchase views, or summarized views. The employee productivity analysis feature generates summary reports for insight into labor, materials, and miscellaneous tasks charged by individuals or groups over any specified range of dates.








Keep financial information current and accurate







Automated job invoicing with flexible billing models makes the process of getting paid easy. Invoices can be processed in batches and automatically generated for editing. Partial invoicing is available for any part of a job, allowing you to keep track of what portion has been paid and what’s outstanding. Accounting integration with third-party accounting systems lets you easily transfer your accounts receivable information to most accounting systems.




















Trusted by




















 
























Digital Asset Management - Workgroups DaVinci






































Digital Asset Management
Production Digital Asset Management







Use project metadata to increase the power of your search capabilities







Built-in Google-like searching on your internal system allows you to find files stored anywhere on  your computer, server, cloud, DVD, tape, or any other media. Quickly locate files by searching project name, brand, date, or any other smart form field or custom metadata you specify.








Enjoy seamless integration with your team’s most commonly used tools







Adobe Creative Cloud and QuarkXPress support allows teams to seamlessly share and collaborate on files, route projects through an approval process, or download files to a local server. Mac OS X integration allows users to quickly look up file metadata and archive files and folders directly from the Finder. Archive production files to your choice of offline media and/or online servers. Built-in support is included for the most popular third-party archiving and media authoring applications.








Manage and organize assets from photo and video shoots







Photoshoot management capabilities allow photographers to organize groups of photos from sessions, which can then be sorted and dragged and dropped into approved collections. Choose the best files and with another drag and drop and the photo(s) can be added to a creative project for production. Easily create and share digital art catalogs to give team members quick access to documents and files they need.








Control and access all of your digital assets







File version control allows file storage repositories to be set up and managed through a centralized database. Users can check files in and out of the repository, maintain versions and make comments on each new version. File server indexing provides a real-time capture of extensive file metadata including XMP, text content and even folder naming conventions, which allows you to quickly associate files with projects.




















Trusted by




















 
























Creative Project Management For Teams - Workgroups DaVinci







































Why Creative And Marketing Teams Choose Workgroups






Managing your workload and project to-do lists just got easier







You'll love:
The ability to keep track of your schedule with to-do lists and interactive Gantt chartsCustomizable dashboards that allow you set up your campaigns, projects, jobs or components in exactly the way that works for youHassle-free and seamless file sharing with colleagues -- our shared file space for teams means no more emailing, attaching or having to request the files you need to do your jobGet Started






Share proofs and get the reviews and approvals you need when you need them







You'll love:
Powerful, intuitive-to-use markup and annotation tools that make leaving feedback simpleThe opportunity to review files anywhere on any device -- you’re not tied to your deskStaying on track with version control -- manage which iteration your reviewers see and comment onIntegrations with tools like Adobe Creative Cloud, Microsoft Office 360 and Google Drive that you rely on every dayGet Started






Having all your digital assets at your fingertips means no more fruitless searching







You'll love:
Easily tracking down the files you need with our powerful, Google-like searching that allows you to find files stored on your computer, server, the cloud, DVD, tape, or other mediaSaving valuable time by creating digital art catalogs with your assets that can be used and reused for brand management, customer approval, and design and marketing project managementGet Started






Keep your eye on the bottom line without taking time away from your creative work







You'll love:
Painless time tracking that doesn’t take you away from your work or take weeks to masterAutomated job invoicing to make chargebacks a breezeA streamlined RFQ process and a portal for managing vendor relationships that makes outsourcing easier than you can imagineGet Started






Trusted by




















 
























Marketing Project Management Software - Workgroups DaVinci






































Project Management
Project Management That Works For You







Customizable visual dashboards provide all the information you need to manage projects with ease







Visual dashboards use custom widgets that can be designed for any purpose, including sales opportunities, campaign management, project component management, calendars, to-do lists, traffic management, proofing and approval, timesheets, timelines and much more.








A project management solution designed to fit the needs of your organization







No other solution includes as many out-of-the-box features with the built-in flexibility to design your system to fit your organization’s needs. Customizable smart forms store and automate entry of virtually any information, which can then be immediately shared across your organization. User reporting allows users to create their own searches, reports, charts and graphs to establish and monitor key performance indicators (KPI).








Keep projects on track with advanced workflow and scheduling







Our next generation advanced workflow and scheduling engine monitors schedules and workflows, activates to-do lists, automates routing, alerts users of potential problems or delays, and seamlessly integrates with third-party systems. Take advantage of traffic management tools such as interactive Gantt charts to help you visualize your schedule. Workload and availability indicators also help you to select the right talent  to support a task or project and allocate resources as needed.








Easily find, manage and share files and documents







Workgroups DaVinci’s shared file workspace allows you to store files that are accessible to the entire team in any specified location. Files can be uploaded, downloaded, tagged and versioned singularly or as a group. Document organization automates the process of managing files, emails, email attachments, and scanned documents associated with projects using simple drag and drop functionality.




















Trusted by




















 























Metacommunications Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























metacommunications inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Metacommunications, Inc. was founded in 1991. The company's line of business includes providing computer programming services.




Corporate Information
Address:

1210 S Gilbert St
Iowa City, IA 52240
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.eacadv.com





Board Members




President/CEO
Company


Greggory Hammann
Metacommunications Inc








Board Members
Company


Craig Ibsen
Next Level Ventures LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Greggory C Hammann


President/CEO







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































 






Metacommunications, Inc. | Government Contractor







 








 






  bbyeezyrsfaearferfuuudsdeeca






					Government Contracts				

					Federal Agencies				



				More 





 Search






							Government Contractors							×














 
















Menu


See All Government Contractors
OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesPlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








					Metacommunications, Inc.				


OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesMorePlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








Metacommunications, Inc.



Overview




Contracts




Categories




Products/Services




Place of Performance




Vendor Details




References










 See all Government Contractors				

 Research Guide				




Share
















Metacommunications, Inc. Government Contractor in Iowa City, IA

 






total dollars obligated (Since FY2007)$0 United States dollarsnumber of contracts (Since FY2007)1 

 

See all Contracts for this Company See all Government Contractors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewSummaryMetacommunications, Inc. has worked on one contract from the federal government since FY2007.The sole agency it has contracted with is the Department of Health and Human Services.

Principal Agencies
Department of Health and Human Services


Principal Category (NAICS)
Custom Computer Programming Services (541511)


Principal Product or Service (PSC)
ADP Software (7030)


Designations
Small Business


Website
metacommunications.com 
Contact

Phone Number
(319) 337-8599


Fax Number
(319) 337-3635
Location
How does Metacommunications, Inc. compare to other vendors?A comparison of the amount of contract awards obligated to Metacommunications, Inc. since FY2007 with other vendors in its location.Awarded far lower than average compared to  64 vendors in Zip Code 52240, IA.Awarded far lower than average compared to  3,711 vendors in Iowa.Awarded far lower than average compared to all  494,387 federal vendors.


Comparison

Vendor NameTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)ZipcodeIDIDColorMetacommunications, Inc.$0 USDZip Code 52240, IAZip Code 52240, IA Federal Contractors$28,844.50 USDIowa Federal Contractors$22,707 USDAll Federal Contractors$36,884 USD




ZipStateMoreZip



See all vendors from Zip Code 52240, IA ›State



See all vendors from Iowa ›
 





Advertisement


ShareContractsContract SearchContracts that Metacommunications, Inc. signed from FY2007 onwards.Most Recent

ContractContract DescriptionProduct or Service (PSC)Signed DateCompletion DateAgencyDollars ObligatedPercent ObligatedIDVendor NameHHSD2002006M19036PType: Purchase Order00HCPBHC-2006-35419 - METACOMM DCS-2006-015ADP Software (7030)12/22/1012/22/10Department of Health and Human Services$0 USD0% obligated of $116,043

See all contracts for this vendor ›Related VendorsVendors with the same primary NAICS and PSC categorizations.

Title FieldTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)IDVendor NameAccelera Solutions, Inc. in Fairfax, VA Contracts$158 million USDSoftware Information Resource Corp. in Washington, DC Contracts$130 million USDIntersystems Corporation in Cambridge, MA Contracts$77.4 million USDShoreland, Inc in Milwaukee, WI Contracts$44.2 million USDIts Imagineering Corporation in Sierra Vista, AZ Contracts$4.58 million USDInternational Software Systems, Inc. in Greenbelt, MD Contracts$39.8 million USDUnique Communications Solutions in Henderson, NV Contracts$17 million USDMlinqs, Llc in Fairfax Station, VA Contracts$11.5 million USDE & E Enterprises Global, Inc. in Hampton, VA Contracts$100 million USDMentor Graphics Corporation in Wilsonville, OR Contracts$14.5 million USD

Help us Improve!




Submit






Submit

 





Advertisement


ShareCategories ProcuredOther Custom Computer Programming Services Vendors in Iowa

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateHobu, Inc.Iowa City, IA$1.14 million USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)Mathematical and Computer Sciences - Basic Research (AJ21)2015Santoshuman Inc.Coralville, IA$149,000 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)Engineering - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AJ42)2014Cottage SystemsIowa City, IA$72,000 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)Special Studies and Analyses (B599)2016Medical Imaging ApplicationCoralville, IA$25,585 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment and Supplies (6515)2016Ensoft Corp.Ames, IA$13,875 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP Software (7030)20102md, Inc.Coralville, IA$6,400 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment and Supplies (6515)2010Meredith CorporationDes Moines, IA$1,875 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP and Telecommunications Services (D399)2016Grahamtronics LLCDavenport, IA-$167 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP and Telecommunications Services (D399)2010Es Comp.Wilton, IA-$3,304 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP Support Equipment (7035)2010Moore, SarneWilton, IA-$8,270 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP Support Equipment (7035)2010Sng IncDes Moines, IA-$17,432 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP Systems Development Services (D302)2013Winning Solutions, Inc.Muscatine, IACustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP and Telecommunications Services (D399)Ramaanchar Technologies, Inc.Coralville, IACustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP and Telecommunications Services (D399)Metacommunications, Inc.Iowa City, IACustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP Software (7030)Source Allies, IncUrbandale, IACustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP Facility Operation and Maintenance Services (D301)American Computer ServicesDes Moines, IACustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP Facility Operation and Maintenance Services (D301)

See all Custom Computer Programming Services (541511) Vendors in Iowa › 

 


InsideGov is a government research site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from government data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareProducts/Services ProcuredOther ADP Software Vendors in Iowa

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateRegency Consulting, Inc.Sioux City, IA$6.99 million USDComputer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software Merchant Wholesalers (423430)ADP Software (7030)2016Teamquest CorporationClear Lake, IA$347,823 USDComputer and Software Stores (443120)ADP Software (7030)2016Agren IncCarroll, IA$150,000 USDOther Scientific and Technical Consulting Services (541690)ADP Software (7030)2016Cd-Rom Productions, Inc.Davenport, IA$145,505 USDOther Computer Related Services (541519)ADP Software (7030)2016Integrasoft, Inc.Bettendorf, IA$101,752 USDComputer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software Merchant Wholesalers (423430)ADP Software (7030)2016Real Asset Management, Inc.Des Moines, IA$24,790 USDComputer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software Merchant Wholesalers (423430)ADP Software (7030)2007Icon Laboratories, IncWest Des Moines, IA$24,000 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2012Eyesdx, IncCoralville, IA$19,750 USDComputer and Computer Peripheral Equipment and Software Merchant Wholesalers (423430)ADP Software (7030)2016Collectivedata Inc.Cedar Rapids, IA$16,495 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2008Ensoft Corp.Ames, IA$13,875 USDCustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP Software (7030)2010Gforge, LlcUrbandale, IA$12,943 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2015University Of Iowa Research FoundationIowa City, IA$12,000 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)ADP Software (7030)2016Digital Canal CorpDubuque, IA$8,032 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2010Cowan Research LcAmes, IA$6,500 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2016Bay Technology CoBurlington, IA$4,350 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2015Cartegraph Systems, IncDubuque, IA$2,550 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2011New Image TechnologiesUrbandale, IA-$2,279 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2008Trane, Div American StandardDavenport, IA-$2,570 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2009Soll Technologies IncIowa City, IA-$3,900 USDADP Software (7030)2015Visionary System LtdDes Moines, IA-$4,540 USDSoftware Publishers (511210)ADP Software (7030)2013Metacommunications, Inc.bbyeezyrsfaearferfuuudsdeecaIowa City, IACustom Computer Programming Services (541511)ADP Software (7030)Scott Software, IncCedar Falls, IAComputer and Software Stores (443120)ADP Software (7030)Customervision Inc.Carlisle, IAOther Computer Related Services (541519)ADP Software (7030)

See all ADP Software (7030) Vendors in Iowa › 





Advertisement


SharePlace of Performance
The location of the principal plant or place of business where Metacommunications, Inc. in Iowa City, IA has had their items produced, supplied from stock, or services performed since FY2007.


ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



Congressional District



State






ZipcodeZip Code 30329, GACongressional DistrictGeorgia's 5th congressional districtStateGeorgia
 

 







ShareVendor DetailsVisit the full company profile of Metacommunications, Inc..Metacommunications, Inc. 

sales volume (Estimated)$6,365,445 United States dollarsyear founded1991total employees25employees at this location25


Overview Metacommunications, Inc. is a custom computer programming service in Iowa City. This private company was founded in 1991. The organization has 4 other locations.Revenue The organization generates $6.37M in estimated sales.Employees Metacommunications, Inc. employs 25 people. In Iowa City, an average company has between 2 and 64 employees, meaning that Metacommunications, Inc. employs a typical amount of people.
 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: USASpending.gov, D&B, Rob J Hyndman, and Localeze. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacybbyeezyrsfaearferfuuudsdeeca
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 



Metacommunications, Inc.                                                                                                 - Iowa City                                         , IA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IA



Iowa City



Custom Computer Programming Services



Computer Software Development



                            Metacommunications, Inc.
                                    



 





















M 


Metacommunications, Inc.                                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



201 E WASHINGTON ST FL 4 IOWA CITY, IA 52240
Get Directions



(319) 337-8599
www.metacommunications.com                                                                              





Business Info



 Founded 1991
 Incorporated IA
 Annual Revenue $6,865,267.00
 Employee Count 25
 Industries Computer Software Development
 Contacts Robert Long Jr                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Metacommunications, Inc.                                                                                                 is located at 201 E Washington St Fl 4 in Iowa City and has been in the business of Computer Software Development since 1991. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 




	METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS Trademark of MetaCommunications, Inc.. Serial Number: 78940659 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS










 
Get FREE email alerts













METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS  Trademark Information
 MetaCommunications, Inc.
Computer software for process and productivity management




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
software   process   productivity   management    
                                    




This is a brand page for the METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS trademark by MetaCommunications, Inc. 
                                in Iowa City, IA, 52240.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner MetaCommunications, Inc. of the METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS trademark.
                           






On Sunday, July 30, 2006,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS by 
                        MetaCommunications, Inc., Iowa City, IA  52240.
                        The USPTO has given the METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS 
                        trademark serial  number of  78940659.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS is 
                        
                        
                                            JASON HAPPEL of 
                                            METACOMMUNICATIONS, INC.,  1210 S GILBERT ST, IOWA CITY, IA 52240-4557 
                                .
                            The METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS 
                            is Computer software for process and productivity management. 
                            





Word mark:
 METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

8/4/2007






  Serial Number:  
78940659


  Filing Date:  
7/30/2006


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Computer software for process and productivity management


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

MetaCommunications, Inc.Iowa City, IA  52240
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


JASON HAPPEL
METACOMMUNICATIONS, INC.
1210 S GILBERT ST
IOWA CITY, IA 52240-4557






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/4/2007
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JASON HAPPEL


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search metacommunicationswo on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS 




METACOMMUNICATIONS WORKGROUPS is providing Computer software for process and productivity management.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 







































 



 ProofMe Platform Launches, Changing the Game for Online Creative Collaboration 
         










    










 













 











 



















ProofMe Platform Launches, Changing the Game for Online Creative Collaboration
        																																																		
              

          As digital content creation continues rapid growth, ProofMe offers flexible, scalable solution for managing creative projects from start to finish
        
















 News provided by
MetaCommunications Inc.  
May 03, 2016, 09:00 ET









 Share this article




























































IOWA CITY, Iowa, May 3, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Responding to the unique challenges facing creatives – from freelancers and small marketing teams to ad agencies and corporations – ProofMe, an intuitive, versatile online tool for digital content collaboration, officially launched today. Developed by MetaCommunications Inc. (Meta), a leader in productivity, workflow and content collaboration software, ProofMe dramatically reduces the friction typically involved in sharing, revising and finalizing print, graphic, video and interactive content, speeding up review times and keeping the focus where it counts – the creative process.  








The digital world is overflowing with content, and the rate of this content production shows no sign of slowing down. In fact, the Content Marketing Institute reported that businesses will produce 76 percent more content in 2016 than they did in 2015. While existing platforms enable content creators to manage and share projects, few address the critical review and iteration stages in a dynamic way. ProofMe fills this void by focusing on the entire collaborative lifecycle from ideation to final product, offering an intuitive interface and visual annotation for users, and integrating seamlessly with the most popular creative and communication tools, such as Adobe Creative Cloud, Vimeo and Slack.
"Every creative knows that the space between the initial idea and the final product is what defines quality and impact. The painstaking process of iterative brainstorming, critique and refinement is what separates the average from the brilliant," said Aleksey Gurtovoy, CTO at MetaCommunications and ProofMe Co-founder. "While tools for creating and publishing digital work have been largely democratized, those that facilitate that journey between the first draft and the final work are still largely locked away behind an enterprise paywall. ProofMe, however, offers solopreneurs and businesses of all sizes professional tools to review and collaborate for free, with the option to scale as they grow."
Since beta testing began in Q4 of 2015, ProofMe has accumulated over 10,000 users spanning corporations, creative and marketing agencies, design schools, photographers, videographers and graphic designers. ProofMe offers a host of features that improve the overall functionality, experience and performance of the collaborative design process:

ProofMe scales with a user's business and workflow: Users can upgrade from the free version to ProofMe Pro or ProofMe Team, as storage, control, integration and support needs grow. 
Files can be uploaded from anywhere, anytime: With a growing list of integration options, it's easy to share work by dragging and dropping files directly from a laptop, desktop or tablet or from cloud storage services like DropBox, Google Drive, Box or OneDrive. 
Feedback is in real-time: Annotation tools let collaborators provide in-the-moment, precise, contextual feedback and make clear suggestions for improvement, eliminating lengthy email chains. 
Project progress is clearly tracked: Users can see who has offered feedback or responded to comments, as well as upload new versions and get or give final approval – with built-in version control. 
Sharing happens across platforms: Users can share with collaborators through email, social media, interoffice communication tools, or project management contacts – and access projects from any device without needing to create an account. 

For more information on ProofMe, please visit https://proofme.com/.
About MetaCommunications Inc.From catalogs to signage to product packaging, Meta supports thousands of teams and freelancers around the world in making their creative visions a reality. Meta's products are trusted by over 11,000 customers, including American Airlines, Crate & Barrel, IKEA, 3M, Pfizer, Sony, Allstate and Eddie Bauer.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160502/362295 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/proofme-platform-launches-changing-the-game-for-online-creative-collaboration-300260970.html
SOURCE  MetaCommunications Inc.
 Related Links

https://proofme.com/



 

















Aug 03, 2016, 06:00 ET
Preview: MetaCommunications Names Creative Industry Exec Scott Kokotan As Chief Financial Officer








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 











Apr 27, 2017, 14:57 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              MetaCommunications Announces New CEO






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Internet Technology
  Computer Electronics
  Computer Software
  Multimedia & Internet
New Products & Services








 You just read:
ProofMe Platform Launches, Changing the Game for Online Creative Collaboration


 News provided by
MetaCommunications Inc.  
May 03, 2016, 09:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 
Metacommunications, Inc. - Iowa City, IA | BusinessZone.us






















 


























BusinessZone.us Connecting Buyers & Suppliers





Member Login


















Home



How It Works



Join Today


































Home United States  Iowa  Iowa City  Engineering & Consulting  Metacommunications, Inc. 







Home United States  Iowa  Iowa City  Engineering & Consulting  Metacommunications, Inc. 








Metacommunications, Inc.
 



Engineering & Consulting  Iowa City Iowa 52240 



Ask For Quotation 



Write a Review 








 


Are you Metacommunications, Inc.? Claim this listing to receive free referrals from this page. Claim listing »













OverviewSpecialties (7) 

 


Get Directions 


View Larger Map



Software 
Contact Information



Company



Metacommunications, Inc. 




Year Established


1991 



Website



http://www.metacommunications.com 




Phone Number



800-771-6382 




Location


Metacommunications, Inc. - Iowa City, IAIowa City, IA 52240United States 


Company Details



Company Details 

Sales: $5 - 9.9 Mil Employees: 10-49 Primary Company Type: Manufacturer Year Founded: 1991 Export Markets: Australia, Europe, Canada, Mexico 



Export Markets: 

Australia, Europe, Canada, Mexico 


More About Metacommunications, Inc.Software Recent News & Press Releases MetaCommunications Wins a Must See 'Ems Award for Workgroups DaVinci 2015 at Graph Expo, the Ultimate Workflow System for Adobe Creative Cloud and Marketing Cloud Users This year MetaCommunications' Workgroups DaVinci has received another Must See 'Ems award...


 
Metacommunications, Inc. Specialties





Available Specialties
Request More Information 

 
Accounting & Financial Software
Request Information »
Asset Management Software
Request Information »
Billing Software
Request Information »
Digital Asset Management Software
Request Information »
Graphics Software
Request Information »
Network Workflow Software
Request Information »
Scheduling Software
Request Information »
Metacommunications, Inc. Reviews


Do You Know Metacommunications, Inc.?
Write A Review Now »



Metacommunications, Inc. Articles

Metacommunications, Inc. Audio Files

Metacommunications, Inc. Classifieds

Metacommunications, Inc. Coupons

Metacommunications, Inc. Events

Metacommunications, Inc. Job Openings

Metacommunications, Inc. Photo Albums

Metacommunications, Inc. Products

Metacommunications, Inc. Properties

Metacommunications, Inc. Videos















 










Join our Mailing List


        










About

 
Finding Manufacturer, Distributor, Supplier & Service Companies is easy by searching our trusted network of top-rated Manufacturer, Distributor, Supplier & Service Companies.





Website

 
How It Works



List Your Business 




Search

 
Browse Categories



Browse Locations





Support

 
Password Retrieval



Contact Us





 



























Manufacturer, Distributor, Supplier & Service Companies - Join Our Website Today »





BusinessZone.us © 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy








×Login or Create an account






Member LoginEmail AddressPassword Forgot your password? Click Here
Not a Member? Join Our Website Today! 

 




















 
 













About Workgroups DaVinci - Workgroups DaVinci







































Making Creative Teams More Productive






MetaCommunications makes award-winning productivity solutions for the world's best creative and marketing teams. From agencies to global brands, our customers rely on our flagship product, Workgroups DaVinci, to execute more effective, efficient and results-driven campaigns.We're always looking for great people to join our team. Check out our careers page to learn more.






Where to find us







Headquartered in Iowa City, IA, MetaCommunications is proud to be part of Silicon Prairie's booming tech scene. We believe that talent transcends borders. In addition to Iowa City, our employees can be found in cities like Austin, New York, Prague and Saint Petersburg, Russia.Contact Us






Industry Memberships











 
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














metacommunications inc - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Global LIMS/ELN Support | LabWare.com



Ad
 ·
www.LabWare.com



There are many brands of LIMS but LabWare LIMS has the Infrastructure




Alert Logic Official Site - Full Stack of Security Solutions.



Ad
 ·
www.alertlogic.com



Full Stack of Security Solutions. SaaS Cloud Security. Schedule Demo!





Request a Demo



Request a Demo




Contact Us



Log Management





TESSCO Technologies Inc. | TESSCO.com



Ad
 ·
www.TESSCO.com



A leading value-added supplier of Wireless communication products




Spirent Communications - Network, Device, Data Center



Ad
 ·
www.spirent.com



Ensuring a Superior User Experience - Contact Spirent Today





Contact a Test Expert Now



Spirent Technology Blogs



5G & Internet of Things




Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

MetaCommunications - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/MetaCommunications


MetaCommunications first developed software for in-house use and then divested its design and prepress divisions in 1997 in order to ... Inc., a non-profit ...


Meta-communication - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Meta-communication


Meta-communication-/ k ə ˌ m j uː n ə ˈ k eɪ ʃ ən / (Etymology: Gk, meta + L, communicare, to inform), or metacommunication, is a secondary communication ...


Animal communication - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Animal_communication


Animal communication is the transfer of information from one or a group of animals (sender or senders) ... Metacommunication, discussed above, ...


The big news at Macworld is the lack of news at Macworld

https://www.engadget.com/2005/07/12/the-big-news-at-macworld-is...


The big news at Macworld is the lack of ... The engineer in question was with MetaCommunications and the product he was demonstrating to Scott and I ...


Semiotic engineering - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Semiotic_engineering


Semiotic Engineering was ... Semiotic engineering has two methods to evaluate the quality of metacommunication in HCI: the semiotic inspection method ...


Comparison of time-tracking software - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Comparison_of_time_tracking_software


Comparison of time-tracking software. ... MetaCommunications: Web application, ... Inc., a non-profit organization. Also On Wow.


Communicating With A Narcissist: Using The Narc Decoder ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/tina-swithin/post_4269_b_2346919.html


While divorce is generally riddled with varying degrees of conflict, divorcing a narcissist will take the conflict to heights that few can comprehend. Pe...


List of collaborative software - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Project_collaboration_software


10,000ft Insights, a web-based tool for design thinking and collaboration. AceProject web-based collaboration software for project management. Aconex Online document ...


Paul Watzlawick - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Paul_Watzlawick


Paul Watzlawick (July ... Every communication has a content and relationship aspect such that the latter classifies the former and is therefore a metacommunication: ...


Alternate reality game - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Puppet_Master_(gaming)


An alternate reality game (ARG) ... However, perhaps in part due to the subject material and the absence of overt metacommunications that this was fiction, ...










Global LIMS/ELN Support | LabWare.com



Ad
 ·
www.LabWare.com



There are many brands of LIMS but LabWare LIMS has the Infrastructure




Alert Logic Official Site - Full Stack of Security Solutions.



Ad
 ·
www.alertlogic.com



Full Stack of Security Solutions. SaaS Cloud Security. Schedule Demo!





Request a Demo



Request a Demo




Contact Us



Log Management





TESSCO Technologies Inc. | TESSCO.com



Ad
 ·
www.TESSCO.com



A leading value-added supplier of Wireless communication products




Spirent Communications - Network, Device, Data Center



Ad
 ·
www.spirent.com



Ensuring a Superior User Experience - Contact Spirent Today





Contact a Test Expert Now



Spirent Technology Blogs



5G & Internet of Things




Searches related tometacommunications inc



metacommunications iowa city


metacommunication


virtual management software managerial ...


metro communications sullivan il



card virtual communication llc


metacommunications workgroups


workgroups davinci


virtual management software




123Next

Related Searches



metacommunications iowa city


metacommunication


virtual management software managerial...


metro communications sullivan il


card virtual communication llc


metacommunications workgroups


workgroups davinci


virtual management software




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network











Creative Project Management & Workflow Software - Workgroups DaVinci







































The project and workflow management software trusted by top creative and marketing teams
See what Workgroups can do for your team Get Started Now




















Trusted by thousands of creative and marketing teams at top brands around the world, Workgroups DaVinci brings together the right mix of powerful project management, financial management, digital asset management and online proofing functionalities — specifically built for the creative production environment.











FOR CREATIVE AND MARKETING TEAM LEADERS
In order to manage your team effectively, you need deep, real-time insight into their productivity and the tools necessary to plan, assign, manage, and report on their output. Workgroups DaVinci gives you all that and more in a single powerful platform. Missed deadlines, maxed-out budgets and frustrating backlogs and bottlenecks are about to become relics of the past.Learn More






FOR CREATIVE AND MARKETING TEAMS
Imagine a workflow management software that makes your creative life easier instead of complicating it. That's Workgroups DaVinci. With seamless file-sharing among colleagues, customizable dashboards to track projects and campaigns on your terms and the most powerful proofing suite on the market, Workgroups gives you the tools you need to get the most from your creative process.Learn More






Easy Integrations
Workgroups supports Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Marketing Cloud and Salesforce. Our dozens of integrations and open API mean Workgroups works with the key tools your team already depends on.







See what Workgroups can do for your team
Get Started Now









"We now have an instant view of all our projects and the ability to manage them efficiently."
Sarah Andrews, Traffic CoordinatorCenter Point Energy





"Workgroups customer support is excellent, the response time is great and their software is outstanding."
Mike Ripca, Graphics Technical AdministratorAmerican College of Physicians









Make Sure Your Team Doesn’t Miss Out
Uncover the top workflow trends facing your creative team in 2017 and learn how the smartest creative leaders are leveraging these trends to supercharge their productivity.Get The Free eBook










 


































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


