







Metrodigi





















































































Power to the Learner
 
Start building rich interactive learning experiences that improve outcomes with our applications and professional learning design experts.

SCROLL DOWN





Power to the Learner
 
Start building rich interactive learning experiences that improve outcomes with our applications and professional learning design experts.


K-20 Education







Corporate 







Healthcare







Technology-Enabled ServicesOur services group brings together the best professionals in Learning Design. With an experienced team dedicated to your projects, we deliver unparalleled results and innovation in the digital education space. Every collaboration begins with a creative and workflow consultation that identifies the best solutions for your needs and creative vision.

Learn More
ApplicationAuthoring immersive digital content in the cloud is easier than ever before with Chaucer®. Author and design content in collaboration with your team. Quickly add and test interactive objects. Review, revise, and publish with one-click export to EPUB. This powerful platform will enable you to create engaging and responsive interactive materials. CustomersOur solutions and technology are trusted by some of the most well-recognized and innovative names in education, business, and healthcare. We work with our customers on a daily basis to bring their learning and training materials to life, and inspire their audience.  





















































































Customers — Metrodigi












































































Customers








Let's Work TogetherWe work with great companies in education, healthcare, and non-profits intent on shaping the future of learning.

Request a Free Consult 








































































































Featured Case Studies Read: Metrodigi and NoviGuide: Reducing Infant Mortality With A New Kind of Training   





















Beta — Metrodigi












































































Beta








Coming Soon. The ultimate open, extensible platform for educational content development. 

get know-tified






















VPAT Request — Metrodigi












































































VPAT Request








To request completed VPATs, or equivalent reporting templates, for any product under contract please contact accessibility@metrodigi.com.  





















Products — Metrodigi








































































Products








Chaucer is a versatile collaborative authoring application for creating interactive learning materials and publishing open-standard digital content. Cloud-based and with a full suite of powerful editing, review, and WYSIWYG interactive templates, Chaucer provides teams with the perfect platform to build and distribute engaging digital learning materials.







Easily Author Content Our fully featured authoring environment provides a rich toolset for professional content creators. WYSIWYG authoring means your team can create rich, engaging experiences that look beautiful on any screen size—all without touching a line of code. 







Engage with InteractivityThink outside the margins with powerful widgets. Adding interactivity to your content is as simple as drag and drop. Choose from a wide selection of interactive widgets like flashcards, galleries, quizzes, and 3D images. 







Team Up and Work SmarterSimplify your feedback process by having team members comment directly on your pages. Collaboration options like notes and track changes speed up the authoring process and make your workflow smarter and more efficient. 







Standard Output FormatsYou’ve made your content beautiful and now you’re ready to publish it. With a few clicks, Chaucer produces industry standard HTML5 and EPUB3 formats. Distribute your content anywhere you want, including digital book stores from Amazon, Apple, B&N, and Kobo or integrate into your LMS. 







Dedicated Support TeamOur dedicated Customer Success team is here to help you every step of the way. Explore our extensive knowledge base, including help guides and videos, covering a full range of topics—from just getting started all the way to exporting your content.







Features Tailored for Your NeedsWe’ve built a powerful application, but we realize users may need something a little extra. We work closely with educational publishers, corporations, and technology companies to develop highly-designed, interactive digital content that empowers learners. Contact us about our APIs, SDKs, and creating customized features for Chaucer. 

REQUEST a free consult






















Vendor Certification Program — Metrodigi












































































Vendor Certification Program








We take pride in our long-term relationships with our vendors. The Metrodigi Vendor Certification program helps establish and grow our vendor capabilities and expertise so that we can offer gold standard services along with our world-class authoring application. Metrodigi Preferred Vendors complete a three-phase program certifying them for the competencies required to work on a range of Metrodigi digital production projects.This opportunity will be presented to vendors interested in working with Metrodigi. Upon completion of the certification requirements, vendors will be certified as “Metrodigi Preferred Vendors.”























Benefits to VendorsEligibility to accept a wide range of Metrodigi digital production projectsTechnical support, guidance, and full access to Chaucer, MDePubTools and other software solutions related to Metrodigi digital production projectsMetrodigi Preferred Vendor logo for display on all marketing materialsInclusion on Metrodigi’s website and marketing materials, and in presentations to customers as a “Metrodigi Preferred Vendor.” Interested in becoming a Metrodigi Preferred Vendor? Need more information?

Become a Vendor 






















Press — Metrodigi












































































Press








If you have a press inquiry, please email us at press@metrodigi.com.We review every inquiry we receive and will do our best to reply in a timely manner. 2016July 12 No Shelf Required: Why education continues to fail digital content (and students ready to embrace it)July 05 Digital Book World: Company Snapshots: MetrodigiMay 04 Market Wired: Integra Partners with Metrodigi® to Support Digital Content Creation for Its CustomersMarch 13 PR Newsire: Metrodigi Announces Multiple Executive Appointments March 07 Market Wired: Metrodigi Joins Forces with SPi Global to Expand Mobile and Digital Content Solutions 20152015 SIIA CODiE Award Finalist, National Geographic Learning, Exploring Science  2014Winner 2014 Digital Book Award, Cooking Light: Lighten Up, America! Reflowable Ebook 2013Winner 2013 PromaxBDA Global Excellence Award, Grimm: The Essential Guide (NBC) November 4 North Bay Business Journal: Innovations: Metrodigi sees the writing on the WebOctober 10 Business Wire: Metrodigi Unveils Chaucer 2.0 at the Frankfurt Book Fair















Metrodigi, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 3:44 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Metrodigi, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Metrodigi, Inc. develops cloud-based content creation software solutions. The company offers Chaucer, a cloud-based content creation and publishing platform that enables publishers to create, manage, and publish interactive digital content. Its Chaucer platform includes tools, such as Visual Content Editor that allows users to author, refine, and collaborate; Chaucer Widget Portal to enhance content with engaging interactivity; Notes to communicate and move work forward; and Track Changes to vet others' edits, maintaining control and consistency in the collaborative process. The company serves customers in higher education, K-12 publishing, sales and marketing, and healthcare markets, as wel...
Metrodigi, Inc. develops cloud-based content creation software solutions. The company offers Chaucer, a cloud-based content creation and publishing platform that enables publishers to create, manage, and publish interactive digital content. Its Chaucer platform includes tools, such as Visual Content Editor that allows users to author, refine, and collaborate; Chaucer Widget Portal to enhance content with engaging interactivity; Notes to communicate and move work forward; and Track Changes to vet others' edits, maintaining control and consistency in the collaborative process. The company serves customers in higher education, K-12 publishing, sales and marketing, and healthcare markets, as well as publishers of comics and graphic novels, cookbooks, art and music books, and children’s books globally. Metrodigi, Inc. was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Larkspur, California with additional offices in Boston, India, and Ecuador.
Detailed Description


125 East Sir Francis Drake BoulevardSuite 200Larkspur, CA 94939United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 415-578-2926

www.metrodigi.com







Key Executives for Metrodigi, Inc.




Ms. Kathryn M. Stewart


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Warren Geddes


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Colin Rand


      	Senior Vice President of Engineering
      








Mr. Daryl Fox


      	Chief Content Officer
      








 Trip Gould


      	Chief Product Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Metrodigi, Inc. Key Developments

Integra Partners with Metrodigi to Support Digital Content Creation for its Customers
May 4 16
Integra Software Services Pvt. Ltd. announced partnership with Metrodigi. The partnership expands Integra’s ability to offer highly engaging digital content solutions to customers by combining the diverse skills of both companies and increasing operational scale. As an authorized content solutions and channel partner to Metrodigi®, Integra now provides corporates with high-quality services such as content creation, interactive widget development, conversion, editorial, accessibility, quality assurance, and project management. Integra has increased its staff to maximize the partnership with Metrodigi and leverage the benefits of the Chaucer® platform. The partnership will enhance Integra’s ability to execute complex projects for corporates in a variety of industries, facilitating distribution of engaging content easily and efficiently.


Metrodigi Announces Executive Appointments
Mar 13 16
Metrodigi announced multiple additions to the company's executive team, including a new Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Chief Content Officer and Chief Product Officer. These sweeping additions to the company's senior ranks represent investments Metrodigi is making to fuel aggressive growth plans across a variety of market sectors and to advance its mission of rewriting the rules of publishing. Kathryn Stewart, Chief Executive Officer: Stewart has more two decades of experience in operations management, editing and design within the publishing industry, and she is a recognized thought leader in the education industry. In her new role as CEO, she will be responsible for the strategic vision and operational success of Metrodigi. She was most recently Chief Operating Officer at the company, and previously held senior positions at Thompson and Cengage Learning prior to her tenure at Metrodigi. Warren Geddes, Chief Financial Officer: Geddes has more than 15 years of international experience in financial management for a diverse range of companies spanning finance, transportation and the technology industries. He will lead Metrodigi in raising capital to fuel the company's aggressive growth plans, and he will oversee accounting, financial planning and analysis. Ward Spangenberg, Chief Technology Officer: As CTO, Spangenberg will guide system architecture and development technology, as well as expanded capabilities for Metrodigi platforms, including Chaucer, the company's critically acclaimed, cloud-based authoring platform. Spangenberg previously served as a recognized technology leader for companies including Uber, Zynga, Apple and Microsoft, among others. Daryl Fox, Chief Content Officer: Fox has spent the past 30 years acquiring, developing, marketing and selling publishers' content worldwide. He will assume these same responsibilities as Chief Content Officer for Metrodigi. Fox previously held a variety of executive positions in the publishing industry, most recently at Pearson as well as educational technology company, CourseSmart. Trip Gould, Chief Product Officer: Gould has more than a dozen years of experience leading content and product development in the field of education. As a founder of Mobile reFactory and former professor at Azusa Pacific University and Pasadena City College, Gould brings a unique blend of skills to bear in blending art, technology and education into Metrodigi's renowned Chaucer platform. Gould will provide strong product direction for Chaucer, enabling the platform to further fulfill the company's mission and vision to empower content creators in building immersive and engaging experiences for learners everywhere.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 30, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Metrodigi, Inc., please visit www.metrodigi.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Metrodigi Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























metrodigi inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Technology Services
Sub-Industry: IT Services
Metrodigi Inc was founded in 2010. The company's line of business includes providing computer programming services.




Corporate Information
Address:

125 E Sir F Drake Blvd
Larkspur, CA 94939
United States


Phone:
1-415-578-2926


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.metrodigi.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Careers — Metrodigi












































































Careers








We believe that great products begin with a great team. Our goal is to be the de facto authoring tool for the creation of digital content that educates, informs, advances, and inspires minds everywhere. We’re always looking for talented and curious people to join us in doing so.  Why Join Metrodigi?The BasicsWe offer competitive salaries, full benefits, 401k program, life insurance, stock options, shiny new mac (whatever else you need to get the job done) The ChallengeContribute to products changing the digital publishing landscape. Work with an intelligent, growing team with a great sense of humor and inspiring leadership with extensive experience in their respective fields. The Perks All work and no play makes us… go a little crazy. Enjoy company outings, happy hours, holiday parties, book clubs, snacks, and all the coffee you can drink (seriously, bring it on).  The OfficeWe have an awesome office overlooking the bay with stunning views of Mt. Tamalpais. It’s easily accessible from most locations in the Bay Area and just a five minute walk from the Larkspur Ferry Terminal. Commuter benefits available.  Open PositionsSenior JavaScript DeveloperMetrodigi, Inc. is currently seeking a qualified JavaScript Developer to work on our eBook team. This position requires the individual to work on-site in our offices in beautiful Marin, but occasional telecommuting is possible after a period of time.  Required Experience and Skills:Demonstrable experience building best of breed, consumer web application interfacesExpert JavaScript/HTML/CSS/AJAX coding skillsFamiliarity with current frontend frameworksExperience programming in one of the following: Python, Perl, or PHPCommand of web standards, CSS based design, cross-browser compatibilityExpertise in one of the following a plus: social media, streaming video, online subscription products, large scale web applicationsIntelligence and a sense of humor to mix in well with a diverse group of bright people

Apply Now
Senior User Experience DesignerMetrodigi is looking for a highly experienced Senior UX Designer for a SaaS cloud-based software solution. This is a full time position primarily focused on developing and improving the visual and user experience of our software. You must be a proactive self-starter with strong interpersonal skills. This is a hands-on visual design role and you must be capable of defining experience models, developing product features, refining the visuals and choreography, and getting into the details all the way from concept to delivery.Responsibilities:Analyze user interface problems and help create solutions that meet measurable business goals and requirementsWork with our team to develop use cases and high-level requirementsAttention to every detail of the user experience (Ensure consistency, simplicity and beauty are at the core of every solution)Develop and maintain detailed user interface specificationsDesign the UI architecture, interface, and interaction flows for the software application for a variety of screen sizes and interaction modelsCreate user-centered designs by considering market analysis, customer feedback, technical constraints/opportunities and usability findingsConduct rapid rounds of usability testing, formulate analyses and action plans for implementationPlan information architecture in conjunction with interactive design, visual design, and navigation developmentPresent design work to senior management and product team for review and feedbackCreate interaction/visual specifications, process flows, wireframes, and visual design mockups as needed to effectively conceptualize and communicate detailed interaction behaviorsNegotiate and articulate the "why" of design decisionsCreate user experience goals, priorities, and deliverables that align with product milestonesSupport development teams throughout the implementation cycleFlexibility is key: design something ridiculously blue sky or something immediately implementableCreate new experience frameworks instead of solely relying on existing paradigmsQualifications:5+ years of experience in UX, interaction design, information architectureStrong portfolio of visualized concepts demonstrating solid processBachelor's Degree or equivalent, preferably in Visual Design or HCIBe a conceptual and detailed thinker, highly detailed in observationDetailed knowledge of user-centric approach to designExpertise in Photoshop, Illustrator, OmniGraffle or other UX/prototyping toolStrong interpersonal, written and oral communication skillsPassion for taking research findings and translate them into tangible designsFamiliarity with technical considerations when designing a cloud-based solution

Apply Now
Senior Product ManagerMetrodigi is looking for a highly experienced Product Manager for our SaaS cloud-based software solution for creating eBooks. This is a full time position primarily focused on managing existing products and services as well as creating and integrating new products and product changes. You will lead regularly scheduled meetings centered on system and operational requirements for product changes and new product development. You will conducts margin analysis, industry/market research, and in-life performance measurement to determine product demand, positioning, viability, and profitability. You will also create formal business cases and product descriptions and work as a facilitator between the various internal organizations to ensure product policy and processes are negotiated, documented, and accurately executed. You will work with an engineering counterpart to define product release requirements.Responsibilities:Work with our team to develop use cases and requirements documentation for current and future features/productsAnalyze problems and help create solutions that meet measurable business goals and requirementsShepherd the product and support development teams throughout the implementation cycleIdentify and present innovative and creative product solutionsChallenge assumptions, collect usage data, and recommend strategies Clarify, document and shepherd business requirements to implementationConduct research and gather requirements from clients, users, and internal stakeholdersWork with Product Owner to develop a product plan, roadmap and strategyParticipate in and coordinate with marketing effortsAnalyzing potential partner relationships for the productProject management of all product integration/launches/changes throughout implementationAssist in the development of marketing plans and effortsAssist in the creation of user documentation and liaise with the support teamMay require some travelQualifications:5+ years of experience in Saas product management, product development, strategic planning and implementationBachelor's Degree or equivalent (preferably in CS or engineering)2+ years of spreadsheet-based numerical analysis, business casesStrong technical acumen in web-based programming languagesFamiliarity with technical considerations when designing a cloud-based solutionStrong portfolio of successful productsA conceptual and detailed thinker, highly detailed in observationStrong interpersonal, written and oral communication skillsBe pro-active and a motivated self-starter in a fast-paced environment

Apply Now
















Metrodigi Inc                                                                                                            - Larkspur                                          , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Larkspur



Custom Computer Programming Services



Computer Software Development And Applications



                            Metrodigi Inc
                                    



 





















M 


Metrodigi Inc                                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



125 E SIR F DRAKE BLVD LARKSPUR, CA 94939
Get Directions



(415) 578-2926
www.metrodigi.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $6,000,000.00
 Employee Count 38
 Industries Computer Software Development And Applications
 Contacts Kathryn Stewart                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Computer Software Development And Applications. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






















BBB Business Profile | Metrodigi, Inc. | Accreditation























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Internet Shopping
 > 
Metrodigi, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Metrodigi, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Metrodigi, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(415) 578-2926

Metrodigi, Inc.

        125 E Sir Francis Drake Blvd, Ste 200
        Larkspur, CA 94939
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 01/07/2014
            







            Business Category
        


                Internet Shopping
            








 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Metrodigi, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Metrodigi, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[1] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Metrodigi, Inc. has received 0 out of 5 stars based on 0 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        














Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 

















BBB serving San Francisco Bay Area and Northern Coastal California




















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/25/17


BBB Tips for Beautifying Your Landscape



07/20/17


Keep Your Cool When Hiring a Swimming Pool Business



07/11/17


Beat the Heat With a Working AC Unit



07/10/17


Scammers Use Bogus Connection Requests on LinkedIn



 More Local News »





                        BBB Accredited Business Directory
                    


                    Businesses that commit to high standards are just a click away:
                

Contractors, Plumbers, Builders, Banks, Movers, Doctors, Attorneys, Charities and more...







File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Sponsors








Wix







Facebook







Modcloth







Oracle







Safe Security







Solar City







Customer Reviews







YPC Media







Zazzle.com







Zynga







Request A Qoute










































 
NOTE: This notice shows only in the EPI server. Below this, is the script for the clickable AB Directory. Please do not delete this section.
































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.













































 Metrodigi Inc | Computers in 2019 Larkspur Landing Cir - Larkspur CA - Reviews - Photos - Phone Number                        Are you a business?      Cancel       Search        1-800-561-3357    Claim this profile   Secure your company's official profile identity Claim profile   Scan your business   See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business   Try out BirdEye today   Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free trial         Edit Metrodigi Inc    4.0★★★★★★★★★★ 2 reviews from all sources   (Computers) Share 2019 Larkspur Landing Cir, Ste 200, Larkspur, CA 94939       Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1                Write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★            Submit Your review will be shared publicly on the web. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service                  Thanks! Your review is on its way.  Thanks! Would you like to be contacted about this issue Yes No  We will contact you as soon as possible!     (415) 578-2926   Write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★               Submit  Your review will be shared publicly on the web. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service                        Thanks!Your review is on its way.  Thanks!Would you like to be contacted about this issue Yes No  Thanks!We will contact you as soon as possible!       4★on Merchant Circle, Apr 29, 2014 skinney   Metrodigi is struggling in the ebook space where they have a hard time getting and retaining customers and employees. The CEO is a sociopath who has created an anti-culture resulting in a product (Cha…ucer) that does not meet expectation and services that do not meeting contractual obligations. As a result employee and customer retention are real issues for this mad max like company. more » Metrodigi is struggling in the ebook space where they have a hard time getting and retaining customers and employees. The CEO is a sociopath who has created an anti-culture resulting in a product (Chaucer) that does not meet expectation and services that do not meeting contractual obligations. As a result employee and customer retention are real issues for this mad max like company.     4★on Merchant Circle, Apr 29, 2014 skinney   Metrodigi is struggling in the ebook space where they have a hard time getting and retaining customers and employees. The CEO is a sociopath who has created an anti-culture resulting in a product (Cha…ucer) that does not meet expectation and services that do not meeting contractual obligations. As a result employee and customer retention are real issues for this mad max like company. more » Metrodigi is struggling in the ebook space where they have a hard time getting and retaining customers and employees. The CEO is a sociopath who has created an anti-culture resulting in a product (Chaucer) that does not meet expectation and services that do not meeting contractual obligations. As a result employee and customer retention are real issues for this mad max like company.     Page 1 of 1   1       You might also consider      HOME TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS OF MARIN 5.0★★★★★★★★★★ (8) · IT Services & Computer Repair 18 Crystal Creek Ct (415) 924-5373  WebsiteDirections   Pacific Crest Group 5.0★★★★★★★★★★ (2) · Business to Business 80 E. Sir Francis Drake Blvd. (415) 461-2586  WebsiteDirections     People also viewed        Are you a business owner? See how your businessappears online.  Scan your business         Are you a business owner? claim this profile   or   See BirdEye in action.     See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business    Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free Trial          Contact Edit  2019 Larkspur Landing Cir, Ste 200, Larkspur, CA 94939(415) 578-2926http://www.metrodigi.cominfo@bbbemail.orgComputersToday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm     Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1           About Edit  Metrodigi is located at 2019 Larkspur Landing Cir, Larkspur, CA. This business has 1 review(s) with a star rating of 4.0.…more » Metrodigi is located at 2019 Larkspur Landing Cir, Larkspur, CA. This business has 1 review(s) with a star rating of 4.0.     Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1          Review summary      5★    4★  2  3★    2★    1★    4.0★★★★★★★★★★ 2 reviews         Things you should knowabout BirdEye    BirdEye was founded in 2012 to help businesses manage online reputation and customer experience BirdEye works with 15,000+ clients, from SMBs to large enterprises With BirdEye, you can monitor real-time customer feedback from 250+ sites and social channels Generate new authentic reviews with real-time automated feedback requests from BirdEye BirdEye gives you access to insights from your competitors’ customer feedback The BirdEye mobile app allows on-the-go customer experience management Use BirdEye’s free Scan Your Business tool for a snapshot of your online presence     
          Metrodigi, Inc. Larkspur, CA 94939 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeInternet Products & Services near Larkspur, CAMetrodigi, Inc.In mybook® : Services Collection (edit)Added to your services collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your services collection.Metrodigi, Inc.Write a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!125 E Sir Francis Drake Blvd Ste 200, Larkspur, CA 94939(415) 578-2926OPEN NOWToday: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm7YEARS  IN BUSINESSAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteEmail BusinessSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessHorizon Cable TV520 Mesa Rd, Point Reyes Station, CA 94956(415) 663-9610Internet Products & ServicesDirectionsMore InfoInternet Providers by ZIPFind The Best Provider in Your AreaGet Local Speeds, Prices, & Deals.HighSpeedInternet.com/ProvidersLocal PricingInternet AvailabilityProvider ReviewsAT&T U-verseAT&T InternetCompare ProvidersBBB RatingA+BBB Rating and Accreditation information may be delayed up to a week.HoursRegular HoursMon - Fri9:00 am - 5:00 pmExtra PhonesPhone: (415) 485-5996NeighborhoodsEast Larkspur, Larkspur Landing CircleOther Linkhttp://www.metrodigi.comCategoryInternet Products & Services COUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Map & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedXfinity By Comcast DGS - New Customer Specials(32)Keon Margaret300 Tamal Plz Ste 175, Corte Madera, CAMiss Mac Computer ServiceSan Rafael, CAComputer Connection328 Bon Air Ctr, Greenbrae, CAINTERNET AND ONLINE SERVICES118 Alto St Ste 209, San Rafael, CAPaid Advertisement 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback










Metrodigi





















































































Power to the Learner
 
Start building rich interactive learning experiences that improve outcomes with our applications and professional learning design experts.

SCROLL DOWN





Power to the Learner
 
Start building rich interactive learning experiences that improve outcomes with our applications and professional learning design experts.


K-20 Education







Corporate 







Healthcare







Technology-Enabled ServicesOur services group brings together the best professionals in Learning Design. With an experienced team dedicated to your projects, we deliver unparalleled results and innovation in the digital education space. Every collaboration begins with a creative and workflow consultation that identifies the best solutions for your needs and creative vision.

Learn More
ApplicationAuthoring immersive digital content in the cloud is easier than ever before with Chaucer®. Author and design content in collaboration with your team. Quickly add and test interactive objects. Review, revise, and publish with one-click export to EPUB. This powerful platform will enable you to create engaging and responsive interactive materials. CustomersOur solutions and technology are trusted by some of the most well-recognized and innovative names in education, business, and healthcare. We work with our customers on a daily basis to bring their learning and training materials to life, and inspire their audience.  


























































































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


