


METZINGER MICHAEL JOSEPH Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      METZINGER MICHAEL JOSEPH
                    

•   DALLAS, TX
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Metzinger Michael Joseph is based out of Dallas.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from METZINGER MICHAEL JOSEPH, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




metzinger michael joseph


2481 MANANA DRIVE

DALLAS
TX
                                                        
                                                    75220









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 04/11/2017
4 filed on 12/13/2016
4 filed on 10/03/2016
4 filed on 09/08/2016
4 filed on 07/12/2016
4 filed on 04/15/2016
4 filed on 06/04/2015
4 filed on 04/13/2015
4 filed on 02/20/2015
4 filed on 02/12/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Michael Joseph  Metzinger - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Michael Joseph  Metzinger
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Michael Joseph  Metzinger. Find out Michael Joseph  Metzinger address and contact details. View other people related to Michael Joseph  Metzinger - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

2481 MANANA DRIVE  DALLAS 75220 TX




Companies related to Michael Joseph  Metzinger
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001525769Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc.VP of Accounting & Controller 2481 MANANA DRIVE  DALLAS 75220




Michael Joseph  Metzinger on the Web
Persons related to Michael Joseph  Metzinger - Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc.NamePositionCityKEVIN  BACHUSSVP, Ent. & Games Strategy KEVIN  BACHUSSVP, Ent. & Games Strategy DALLASDolf A  BerlePres. & COO DALLASJ TAYLOR  CRANDALLDALLASVICTOR L.  CRAWFORDDirector SOMERS,Joseph Benjamin  DeProsperoVice President of Finance DALLASHAMISH  DODDSDirector FT. WORTHJohn P  GleasonSVP & CMO DALLASMichael J  GriffithDirector SANTA MONICAMichael J  GriffithDirector DALLASJonathan S  HalkyardDirector LAS VEGASJonathan S  HalkyardDALLASBRIAN  JENKINSSVP & CFO NEW YORKBRIAN  JENKINSSVP & CFO DALLASDAVID A /WI  JONESDirector MADISONDAVID A /WI  JONESDirector DALLASStephen M  KingChief Executive Officer DALLASALAN J  LACYDirector ALAN J  LACYDirector DALLASKevin M  MailenderDALLASMargo Lynn  ManningChief Operating Officer DALLASMichael Joseph  MetzingerVP of Accounting & Controller DALLASMichasel Joseph  MetzingerVP of Accounting & Controller DALLASPatricia H  MuellerDirector DALLASJohn  MulleadySVP, RE & Dev WESTBOROUGHJohn  MulleadySVP, RE & Dev DALLASOak Hill Capital Management Partners III, L.P.FORT WORTHOak Hill Capital Management Partners III, L.P.NEW YORKOak Hill Capital Management Partners III LPNEW YORKOak Hill Capital Partners III, L.P.FORT WORTHOak Hill Capital Partners III, L.P.NEW YORKOak Hill Capital Partners III LPNEW YORKOHCP GenPar III, L.P.NEW YORKOHCP GenPar III, L.P.FORT WORTHOHCP GenPar III, L.P.NEW YORKOHCP MGP III, LTD.10% Owner NEW YORKOHCP MGP III, LTD.FORT WORTHOHCP MGP III, LTD.10% Owner NEW YORKOHCP MGP PARTNERS III, L.P.NEW YORKOHCP MGP PARTNERS III, L.P.FORT WORTHOHCP MGP PARTNERS III, L.P.NEW YORKJ MICHAEL  PLUNKETTSVP of Purch & Intl Ops DALLASKEVIN M  SHEEHANDirector KEVIN M  SHEEHANDirector DALLASJennifer  StormsDirector DALLASJAY L  TOBINSVP, Gen Counsel & Sec JAY L  TOBINSVP, Gen Counsel & Sec DALLASTyler J  WolframDALLAS
Potentially same personNameCityCountryJoseph  MichaelSan FranciscoCAJOSEPH  MICHAELBOULDERCOJOSEPH  MICHAELBOULDERCOJoseph  MichaelNovatoCAJOSEPH  MICHAELDENVERCOMichael  JosephAustinTX












 














































    Michael Metzinger | Dave & Buster | ZoomInfo.com






Dave & Buster's Entertainment Inc (PLAY) VP of Accounting & Controller Metzinger Michael Joseph's Insider Stock Buys and Sells 



























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾

Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾

Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 





















SummaryCanadian Dutch CEO Buys CFO Buys Insider Cluster Buys Double Buys Triple Buys Data Export Trend  




Saved!




USA

Canada

UK/Ireland

Europe

Asia

Oceania

Latin America

Africa



Currently Selected:



Show All Countries ▾





Purchase to select this region

Purchase $399
USA

OTCPK
NAS
NYSE
ARCA
OTCBB
AMEX
BATS




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $289
Canada

TSXV
TSX
XCNQ




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $269
UK/Ireland

UK




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $399
Europe

Germany
France
Poland
Russia
Sweden
Turkey
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Italy
Luxembourg
Switzerland


Belgium
Greece
Norway
Spain
Denmark
Bulgaria
Netherlands
Romania
Finland
Serbia
Austria
Croatia
Portugal
Slovakia
Cyprus
Macedonia
Slovenia
Ukraine
Hungary
Lithuania
Latvia
Malta
Iceland
Estonia
Czech Republic

All Countries ▾



Purchase to select this region

Purchase $399
Asia

India
Japan
Korea
Thailand
Hongkong
China
Taiwan
Malaysia
Singapore
Israel


Indonesia
Pakistan
Vietnam
Philippines
Sri Lanka
Kuwait
Nepal
Saudi
Jordan
Oman
Iran
Iraq
United Arab Emirates
Kazakhstan
Bahrain

All Countries ▾



Purchase to select this region

Purchase $269
Oceania

Australia
New zealand




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $299
Latin America

Brazil
Mexico
Argentina
Chile
Peru
Columbia
Jamaica
Venezuela
Ecuador




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $249
Africa

South Africa
Egypt
Nigeria
Mauritius
Morocco
Zimbabwe
Kenya
Tunisia
Ghana
Côte d'Ivoire




 Set As Default







Insider Trades


Try Insider Screener



Dave & Buster's Entertainment Inc (PLAY) VP of Accounting & Controller Metzinger Michael Joseph's Insider Stock Buys and SellsTo find out why GuruFocus thinks data on insider trades is interesting, read

Can Aggregated Insider Trading Activities Predict the Market?
Stocks That Both Gurus and Insiders Are Buying
Can Aggregated Insider Trading Activities Predict the Market of Different Sectors?




Filter by:



  Default





Search Insider Trade:




Go




Select to drill down:


All Market CapMicro Cap Small Cap Mid Cap Large Cap Mega Cap S&P 500 Companies All SectorsBasic Materials Consumer Cyclical Financial Services Real Estate Consumer Defensive Healthcare Utilities Communication Services Energy Industrials Technology   Display Those with At Least
100 500 1,000 2,000 5,000 10,000 20,000 50,000 100,000  Shares Display Stocks That are within Please Select 1% 
2% 
3% 
4% 
5% 
8% 
10% 
 of Please Select 52-Week Low3-Year Low5-Year LowReal time insider type:BuySellInsider Sentiment Chart 


 Recent Filings Activity
 

Total Records: 989823   Page:1  2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10   LAST (32995) 30 per page ▾ 10 20 2530 50 100



Symbol
Company
Insider
Position
Date
Buy/Sell
Shares
Trade Price ($)
Cost ($1000)
Price ChangeSince Trade (%)
Yield (%)
P/E
Market Cap ($M)
Details

PLAYDave & Buster's...Metzinger Michael JosephVP of Accountin...2016-12-12Sell14,003$56.68793.6914.15
0.0027.422683.670 Link

PLAYDave & Buster's...Metzinger Michael JosephVP of Accountin...2016-10-03Sell5,000$40.85204.2558.38
0.0027.422683.670 Link

PLAYDave & Buster's...Metzinger Michael JosephVP of Accountin...2016-09-08Sell5,000$44.86224.344.23
0.0027.422683.670 Link

PLAYDave & Buster's...Metzinger Michael JosephVP of Accountin...2016-07-08Sell6,925$47.11326.2437.34
0.0027.422683.670 Link

PLAYDave & Buster's...Metzinger Michael JosephVP of Accountin...2015-06-02Sell11,685$31.5368.08105.4
0.0027.422683.670 Link

PLAYDave & Buster's...Metzinger Michael JosephVP of Accountin...2015-02-20Sell990$29.529.21119.32
0.0027.422683.670 Link

PLAYDave & Buster's...Metzinger Michael JosephVP of Accountin...2015-02-11Sell6,600$29.5194.7119.32
0.0027.422683.670 Link
Total Records: 989823   Page:1  2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10   LAST (32995) 30 per page ▾ 10 20 2530 50 100Add this list into my watchlist/portfolio:

1. Add or remove tickers (Comma separated, up to 500 symbols)
PLAY





2. Select destination portfolioYou need to log in to proceed
3. Click the button to finish
 


Related News and Stories: P: comment on P 02-27-2017P: Note of P 09-13-2016P: comment on P 08-22-2016P: Note of P 08-10-2016P: Note of P 08-10-2016P: comment on P 04-27-2016P: comment on P 04-27-2016P: stocknote 11-25-2015P: stocknote 11-25-2015P: comment on P 11-25-2015P: stocknote 11-05-2015P: stocknote 10-09-2015P: stocknote 10-07-2015P: comment on P 10-07-2015P: Pandora's Smart Strategies Are Long-Term Catalysts 10-29-2014 Only the transactions in Open Market or Private Sale at the market prices are included. Other transactions such as conversion of derivative security or exercise of options are not included. Insiders are limited to only officers and/or directors of the company. 


 



Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK















Michael Joseph Metzinger II | Facebook



Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

























































 


	State Police Graduate 122 New Troopers

























































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.
















Search 




PA.gov
	                                    












Media > PA State Police Details
Page Content








Media > PA State Police > Details









05/22/2015State Police Graduate 122 New TroopersFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
May 22, 2015
 
 
Harrisburg, PA - Acting Commissioner Marcus Brown announced that 122 men and women graduated from the State Police Academy today and were assigned to troops across the commonwealth.
“I am confident that the skills these new troopers have learned have prepared them to bring positive change to the lives of the citizens we serve," said Acting Commissioner Marcus L. Brown.
Cadet Kurt M. Yannelli, of Chester County, spoke on behalf of the cadet class.
Cadet Jeffrey B. Smull was named the outstanding cadet by his classmates and instructors, receiving the American Legion Award. Also receiving awards were: Cadet William P. Connelly, Jr., the Daniel F. Dunn High Scholastic Award; Cadet David A Szili, the Charles B. Gesford High Pistol Award; Cadet Jonathan M. Caley, the Col. Paul J. Chylak Memorial Driver Proficiency Award; and Cadet Jeffrey A. Goodman, Jr., the John K. Schafer Memorial Physical Fitness Award.
Major Adam Kisthardt, director of the state police Bureau of Training and Education, supervised the training of the class, which was the 141st class to graduate from the State Police Academy in Hershey since its opening in 1960.
The graduates have been assigned to stations within 14 troop areas across the state, including:
 
Troop A, Greensburg, Westmoreland County
Aaron J. Allen of Westmoreland County
Benjamin J. Borlie of Cambria County
Laken J. Cunningham of Indiana County
Zachary D. Del Sordo of Westmoreland County
Timothy N. Farkas of Allegheny County
Zachary E. Fleming of Allegheny County 
Michael A. Graham of Butler County
Sean W. Kelley of Westmoreland County
Michael R. Kowalski of Westmoreland County
Travis J. November of Allegheny County
Daniel H. Pickard of Westmoreland County
Jordan W. Shaulis of Somerset County
John R. Wogan, Jr. of Cambria County
 
Troop B, Washington, Washington County
Jeffrey C. Bamberg of Allegheny County 
Michael T. Brown of Beaver County 
Edward L. Burnworth, Jr. of Washington County 
Timothy R. Gordon, Jr. of Washington County 
Kevin B. Kulka of Erie County
Nicholas S. Miller of Allegheny County 
Lauren E. Murphy of Fayette County
Ty J. Smith of Allegheny County
Andrew F. Stambul of Lawrence County
Donald D. Zimbicki of Allegheny County
 
Troop C, Punxsutawney, Jefferson County
John F. Connor III of Jefferson County 
Matthew C. Steele of Jefferson County
 
Troop D, Butler, Butler County
Trask Alexander of Beaver County 
Sean S. Christofferson of Lawrence County
Shawn K. Palmer of Beaver County
 
Troop E, Erie, Erie County
Brandon W. Branca of Mercer County 
Jeb S. Davis of Crawford County
Francis X. Fusco III of Erie County
Ronald A. Godek of Allegheny County 
Shaun W. Kiehlmeier of Erie County
Lauren N. McKinney of Butler County
Cassandra L. Miller of Butler County
Adam R. Mourer of Warren County
Ethan D. Seckinger of Mercer County
Nicholas M. Stolar of Erie County
Christopher A. Weber of Beaver County
 
Troop F, Montoursville, Lycoming County
Nathan R. Messner of Lycoming County
Matthew J. Podolinski of Bradford County
 
Troop G, Hollidaysburg, Blair County
Seth D. Moore of Clearfield County 
Joshua P. Nagle of Cumberland County
 
Troop H, Harrisburg, Dauphin County
John B. Arnold of Lycoming County
Jonathan M. Caley of York County 
Ricardo J. Carrera of Berks County
Charles W. Christopher IV of Centre County
William P. Connelly, Jr. of Delaware County
Konstantin V. Dyakov of Philadelphia County
Jordan R. Garrett of Delaware County 
Matthew J. Geiman of York County
Jeffrey A. Goodman, Jr. of Northumberland County 
Cody C. Harman of Lycoming County 
Chad A. Himes of Clearfield County
Matthew J. Hochberg of York County
Luke H. Hoover of Bedford County
Justin D. Horan of Adams County 
Jesse C. Kelley of Dauphin County 
Joshua C. Kleinfelter of Blair County
Joshua L. Koach of Lancaster County 
Patrick M. Loughman of York County
Addison L. Lovett of Huntingdon County
Kenneth A. Martin, Jr. of Lebanon County
Richard D. Matlock, Jr. of Northampton County
Joseph J. Metzinger of Montgomery County
Jason G. Painter of Dauphin County
Cory R. Peters of Centre County
Andrew S. Phillips of Dauphin County
John R. Romeo, Jr. of Blair County
Thomas F. Spagnuolo of Chester County
Seth W. Sprague of Franklin County
Tyler A. Stepanchick of York County
Cory D. Terek of Westmoreland County
David W. Turtzo, Jr. of Montgomery County
Cory J. Walter of Montgomery County
Robi L. Wareham of Franklin County
Jacob T. Weibley of Blair County
Krystal M. Weston of Suffolk County, New York
 
Troop J, Lancaster, Lancaster County
Kurt M. Yannelli of Chester County
 
Troop K, Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
Jovonna M. Brown of Philadelphia County
Joseph W. Czachorowski, Jr. of Delaware County 
Zachary R. Dombroski of Montgomery County 
Martin F. Mack III of Delaware County 
Renald Mudaj of Philadelphia County
Lorenzo J. Policichio of Lackawanna County
Eric J. Spillane of Monmouth County, New Jersey
Carlton J. Wright, Jr. of Philadelphia County
 
Troop L, Reading, Berks County
Jacob M. Burgess of Luzerne County 
Steven A. Gentile of Bucks County 
Zachary C. Goetter of Montgomery County
Jeffrey E. Grimes of Luzerne County 
Dominick W. Marino of Lackawanna County
James A. Paparella of Berks County
Tyler J. Parmer of Berks County
David A. Szili of Susquehanna County
Thomas J. Weaver, Jr. of Luzerne County
 
Troop M, Bethlehem, Northampton County
Adam W. Adams of Hunterdon County, New Jersey 
Casey W. Hsu of Passaic County, New Jersey
David B. Okonsky of Northampton County 
Mirzet Sadikovic of Lehigh County
Blake W. Shortall of Bucks County
Jeffrey B. Smull of Northampton County
 
Troop N, Hazleton, Luzerne County
Anthony Avvisato of Luzerne County
Nicholas B. Avvisato of Lackawanna County
Mark E. Bower of Monroe County 
Jordan J. Chiochio of Lackawanna County 
Brandon Cortazar of Lackawanna County 
Michael J. Davis, Jr. of Lackawanna County 
Gabrielle Giello of Lackawanna County 
Ashleigh M. Kilner of Luzerne County 
Matthew J. Kizis of Luzerne County
Donald T. Mac Rae III of Luzerne County
Matthew C. Parise of Luzerne County
Leo J. Petrucci of Lackawanna County
Daniel Scatena of Luzerne County
Robert J. Sibello of Lackawanna County
Jonathan R. Stemrich of Luzerne County
Kevin W. Walker of Luzerne County
Richard J. Williams, Jr. of Luzerne County
 
Troop P, Wyoming, Luzerne County
Albert R. Levanavage of Luzerne County
Taylor D. Smith of Susquehanna County
Nicholas P. Stoud of Susquehanna County
 
For more information on the Pennsylvania State Police, visit their website at www.psp.pa.gov.
MEDIA CONTACT: Maria A. Finn - 717-783-5556
# # #









Share This












Search
Enter your search term


Search 

× Cancel




















































College Directory | Presentation College









































Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Parents & Families
Alumni
 














News
Apply
Schedule A Visit
Campus Map
Virtual Tour 





Toggle navigation

























Home > Faculty & Staff > Human Resources > College Directory


College Directory
THE WORLD NEEDS MORE SAINTS





 


Faculty & Staff
 

Administration
Admissions
Advancement
Athletics
Business Office
Fairmont Campus
Financial Aid
Health & Natural Science
Human Resources
Information Technology
Mission
Nursing
Social Science & Humanities
Student Affairs
Support & Resources
Registrar







Human Resources

College Directory

Administration Directory
Admissions Directory
Advancement Directory
Arts & Sciences Directory
Athletics Directory
Business Directory
Business Office Directory
Fairmont Directory
Financial Aid Directory
Health & Natural Science Directory
Human Resources Directory
Information Technology Directory
Mission Directory
Nursing Directory
Registrar Directory
Social & Behavioral Sciences Directory
Social Science & Humanities Directory
Student Affairs Directory
Support, Resources & Research Directory




Title IX










Upcoming Events

Golf with the Saints 2017
Fri, July 28, 2017, 11 AM


Fall Athlete Check-In (W Soccer, M Soccer & Volleyball)
Thu, August 10, 2017, 11 AM


Fall Athlete Check In (Football)
Fri, August 11, 2017, 9 AM


See All Events



 Recent Posts


Rabenberg Selected as North Star’s Dr. LeRoy Walker Recipient


PC welcomes new interim vice president for academics!


 








Search the College Directory by name.











 



ApplySchedule VisitRequest InfoTake TourUpcoming EventsRecent News 

























ACLU's Complaint in Zieper v. Metzinger | American Civil Liberties Union













Jump to navigation
Skip navigation

         Join People Power - ACLU's Grassroots Volunteer Resistance Movement  Get Involved       American Civil Liberties Union    Email Address *    ZIP Code *          Search form   Enter your keywords            Get UpdatesBecome a MemberRenewTake ActionDonateMake a GiftJoin/Become a MemberRenew Your MembershipMonthly GivingOther Ways to Give             Know your rights  Know Your Rights   Rights at Airports and Other Ports    Demonstrations and Protests    What To Do If You're Stopped By Police   See all Know Your Rights  Do you know your rights? These easy-to-use resources were created by the ACLU so you can have your rights at your fingertips.   Defending our rights  Defending Our Rights Court Battles Supreme Court Cases Federal Advocacy Find Your Local Affiliate  Go to Defending Our Rights  The ACLU works tirelessly in courts, legislatures, and communities to defend and preserve the Constitution’s promise of liberty for everyone in our country.  Blogs  Blogs   Speak Freely    Free Future    Washington Markup     Feeds   Editor's Picks    Out for Freedom    Breaking News    See all blogs and feeds  About  About Leadership History Media Local Affiliates Careers Ambassadors Officers and Board Financial Info and Reports How You Can Help FAQ Centers Contact Us  Go to About the ACLU  For almost 100 years, the ACLU has worked to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties guaranteed by the Constitution and laws of the United States.  Shop                     ACLU's Complaint in Zieper v. Metzinger        FacebookTwitterRedditEmailPrint    Lenora LapidusJohn C. SalyerACLU of New Jersey35 Halsey Street, Suite BNewark, NJ 07102(973) 642-2086 Ann BeesonChristopher A. Hansen|American Civil Liberties UnionFoundation125 Broad Street, 18th floorNew York, NY 10004-2400|(212) 549-2500Attorneys for Plaintiffs    MICHAEL ZIEPER, MARK WIEGER,and BECamation,    Plaintiffs,    v.    JANET RENO, in her official capacity asATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE UNITEDSTATES; LOUIS FREEH, in his official capacityas DIRECTOR OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OFINVESTIGATION; MARY JO WHITE, in herofficial capacity as UNITED STATESATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTOF NEW YORK; JOSEPH METZINGER,individually and in his official capacity asSPECIAL AGENT FOR THE FEDERALBUREAU OF INVESTIGATION; LISAKOROLOGOS, individually and in her officialcapacity as ASSISTANT UNITED STATESATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTOF NEW YORK,    Defendants.      UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTFOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY   Civil Action No. ________         COMPLAINT FORDECLARATORY, INJUNCTIVEAND MONETARY RELIEF         The addresses of plaintiffs are:   Michael Zieper70 Park AvenueCaldwell, NJ 07006-7479Mark Wieger26721 Hamilton StreetPO Box 207Edwardsburg, MI 49112-0207BECamation26721 Hamilton StreetPO Box 207Edwardsburg, MI 49112-0207The addresses of defendants are:Janet Reno, Attorney GeneralU.S. Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue NWWashington, DCLouis Freeh, DirectorFederal Bureau of Investigation935 Pennsylvania Avenue NWWashington, DC 20535Mary Jo White, U.S. AttorneySouthern District of New York1 St. Andrews PlazaNew York, NY 10038Joseph Metzinger, Special investigatorFederal Bureau of Investigation26 Federal PlazaNew York, NY 10007Lisa Korologos, Assistant U.S. AttorneySouthern District of New York1 St. Andrews PlazaNew York, NY 10038PRELIMINARY STATEMENT   This lawsuit concerns a short fictional film created by plaintiff Zieper entitled "Military Takeover of New York City," which purports to be a true account of a planned military takeover of Times Square during the millennial New Year's Eve. Zieper displayed his film on the World Wide Web at http://crowdedtheater.com, using plaintiff Wieger's Web hosting service, plaintiff BECamation. In this suit, plaintiffs seek declaratory, injunctive and monetary relief to redress the injuries they suffered from defendants' actions to suppress the film, which consists entirely of constitutionally protected speech. Defendants' actions were intentional and violated the First and Fifth Amendments to the United States Constitution. Defendant Special Agent Joe Metzinger of the FBI and Defendant Assistant United States Attorney Lisa Korologos acted pursuant to a policy and/or practice of Defendants Reno, Freeh, and White to take actions to suppress speech without any judicial determination that the speech is unprotected by law. In addition to seeking damages against Metzinger and Korologos, plaintiffs seek declaratory and injunctive relief requiring defendants to desist from and remedy this unconstitutional policy.  JURISDICTION AND VENUE    This case arises under the United States Constitution and the laws of the United States and presents a federal question within this Court's jurisdiction under Article III of the federal Constitution and 28 U.S.C. §§ 1331.  The Court has the authority to grant declaratory relief pursuant to the Declaratory Judgment Act, 28 U.S. § 2201 et seq.  The Court has the authority to award costs and attorneys' fees under 28 U.S.C. § 2412.  Venue is proper in this district under 28 U.S.C. § 1391(e).   PARTIES    Plaintiff MICHAEL ZIEPER is a film maker who lives in West Caldwell, New Jersey. Zieper is married and has two young children. He received a bachelor's degree in Communications from Syracuse University in 1982. Since then, he has worked in the film business as a writer, editor, director, and production coordinator. Zieper exhibits his work using the stage name "Mike Z". Zieper is the sole creator of the film "Military Takeover of New York City," which he made available on the World Wide Web ("the Web") at http://crowdedtheater.com (hereinafter "crowdedtheater.com").  Plaintiff MARK WIEGER is the owner of BECamation, a company that hosts sites on the World Wide Web. Wieger is engaged and has three children. He operates BECamation out of his home in Edwardsburg, Michigan. BECamation is the Web hosting service for the crowdedtheater.com Web site.  Plaintiff BECamation is a Web hosting business. BECamation is a Sub S corporation in Michigan and has its principle place of business in Edwardsburg, Michigan.  Defendant ATTORNEY GENERAL JANET RENO heads the United States Department of Justice, which is the agency of the United States government responsible for enforcement of federal laws, and which includes the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the United States Attorneys' Office. She has ultimate authority for setting and enforcing the policies and practices of the Department of Justice, and for supervising all of its operations and functions.  Defendant LOUIS FREEH is the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), which is the principal investigative arm of the United States Department of Justice. He is responsible for setting and enforcing the policies and practices of the FBI, and for supervising all of its operations and functions.  Defendant MARY JO WHITE is the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, which is the division of the United States Department of Justice that enforces federal laws within the Southern District of New York. She is responsible for setting and enforcing the policies and practices of the Office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, and for supervising all of its operations and functions. (Hereinafter, Defendants Reno, Freeh and White are collectively referred to as "the Justice Department defendants.")  Defendant JOSEPH METZINGER is a Special Agent for the FBI based in New York City.  Defendant LISA KOROLOGOS is an Assistant United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, working in the criminal division. At all times, defendant Korologos' actions as alleged in this Complaint were taken in her role as investigator, not in her role as an advocate for the government.   FACTS GIVING RISE TO THIS ACTION Defendants' Contacts with Plaintiff Zieper  In early October 1999, Plaintiff Michael Zieper videotaped the short film "Military Takeover of New York City" (hereinafter "Military Takeover" film) in Times Square in New York City. In the film, an actor purports to be a military officer who is briefing other officers regarding plans for a military takeover of Times Square on New Years' Eve, 1999. The actor never appears in the film, but is heard speaking only off camera. The visual images in the film consist entirely of street footage of Times Square during the day. The character of the military officer gives instructions to others about how they will participate in the planned takeover. The dialogue suggests that to initiate the takeover, the military will instigate a race riot by inciting racial unrest among bystanders and by staging a fake attempted rape.  The "Military Takeover" film is part of a body of work created by Zieper which, though fictional, purports to depict real events. Zieper's films are part of a genre that also includes, for example, Orson Welles' "War of the Worlds," and the recent mainstream Hollywood movie "The Blair Witch Project." Zieper purposefully avoids the use of framing devices employed in conventional films that signal to the viewer that the events are fictional. For example, Zieper generally does not include credits at the beginning or end of his films. He believes that his films challenge viewers to think seriously about difficult social issues. The "Military Takeover" film raises issues about the upcoming millennium and people's fears about it, the distrust that many Americans feel about their government, and the use of racial hatred to manipulate the American people.  After completing the film, Zieper decided to make it available for viewing on the Web. The Web is an important venue for independent film makers like Zieper who cannot afford the high cost of other types of film distribution, and who may be unable to interest mainstream film distributors and festivals. In addition, Zieper believes that the Web is a unique and important artistic forum for showing films because the Web does not provide the traditional frames that affect the perception and experience of viewers in contexts such as movie theaters and home video rental.  Zieper contacted Plaintiff Mark Wieger and BECamation, and arranged to create a Web site to show the "Military Takeover" film at the address "http://crowdedtheater.com" (hereinafter crowdedtheater.com). BECamation's Web hosting service provided Zieper with the computer space for the Web site, and technical assistance in Web design and maintenance, including the use of software that allows for showing and viewing video files on the Web.  The crowdedtheater.com Web site was completed and launched on October 28, 1999. The home page of the Web site includes a message that states:  Is there going to be a Military Takeover of New York City on New Years Eve 1999? I don't know too much about this tape you are about to see. I got it from my cousin Steve who's in the army. He said that copies of this tape are floating around the base, and nobody knows who made it. If it's fake, then there's nothing to worry about. If it's real, then we're in really big trouble. The Web site includes an e-mail address, "fire@crowdedtheater.com," for users who want to communicate with the Web site owner about the film.   Zieper posted messages with a link to the crowdedtheater.com on various interactive discussion boards on the Internet to generate interest in the film. These messages, and the film itself, prompted discussion about the film on a number of Internet discussion boards. Zieper also received e-mails at his address, "fire@crowdedtheater.com," commenting on the film.  On Monday, November 8, 1999, UPN Channel 9 News in New York City contacted Zieper to arrange to interview him for a story about the crowdedtheater.com Web site and the "Military Takeover" film.  On Wednesday, November 10, 1999, the interview was broadcast during the 10 p.m. newscast on UPN Channel 9 News. The interview identified Zieper as the creator of the film.  Prior to the broadcast, during the evening of November 10, 1999, Zieper and his wife and children were visiting his relatives in another town in New Jersey. They planned to watch the UPN news coverage together. Around 8 p.m., Zieper received a call on his pager. When he returned the call, the phone was answered by a police officer with the Caldwell Police Department. The Police Officer informed Zieper that he was standing at the door of Zieper's home in West Caldwell, with agents from the FBI, who wanted to speak with Zieper about the "Military Takeover" film. Zieper immediately feared that he might be arrested, and became concerned about the impact on himself and his family.  Zieper told the police officer that he would not be home that evening, and agreed to call the following day to arrange for a meeting with the FBI agents. After hanging up the phone, Zieper received a second call on his pager, from the same number. When Zieper returned the call, the phone was answered by Defendant Special Agent Joe Metzinger of the FBI. Metzinger identified himself, and explained the reason he wanted to meet with Zieper. Metzinger said that he knew that Zieper had a Web site that had been receiving a lot of activity. Metzinger said that the site was causing a lot of concern, and that people had asked the FBI what was going on. Metzinger said that there were a lot of people planning to take vacations and to be in Times Square for New Year's, and a lot of businesses involved. Metzinger told Zieper that the FBI was trying to find out about the video. He asked Zieper where he had gotten the video tape.  Zieper became afraid at that point that the FBI might believe the film to be real, and became more fearful that he might be arrested. In order to protect himself, he decided not to answer any more questions about the film without legal advice. Zieper asked Metzinger whether they could discuss the film the following day, and Metzinger said yes.  Metzinger then asked Zieper whether in the meantime there was any way the FBI could get people to stop seeing the video on the Internet. Zieper said he didn't think so, because UPN news was broadcasting a story about the film that evening. Metzinger then asked whether Zieper could call UPN and ask them not to run the story. Zieper said he didn't think he could stop them from running the news story, but that he supposed that the FBI could make that call. He said he didn't think UPN would drop the story if he called himself. Zieper was then given a phone number to the FBI squad room and told to call at 3 p.m. the next day, November 11, 1999.  After Zieper hung up the phone, he became very anxious for himself and his family. The FBI had indicated that criminal activity was associated with Zieper's Web site and film. Zieper currently cares for his children at home during the day while his wife works, and he worried about what would happen to his children if he were arrested. He feared that the children might be put in protective custody, which would be traumatic for them.  As a result of the calls from the FBI, Zieper was afraid to go home to West Caldwell with his family, and spent the evening at his relatives. For fear that the FBI would return to his home and arrest him, he did not return home until Friday evening, November 12, 1999.  On Thursday, November 11, 1999, Zieper contacted lawyers for advice regarding the calls from the FBI. He did not call the FBI as planned at 3 p.m. At 3:30 p.m, Zieper received a voice mail message on his pager from Metzinger, asking why Zieper had not called. A few minutes later, Metzinger called Zieper's pager again and this time left his phone number. Zieper did not return the call. Later in the day, attorneys Scott Thompson and Peter Skolnik contacted Metzinger on Zieper's behalf. Metzinger informed Zieper's attorneys that additional FBI agents were currently on their way to Zieper's home. Attorneys Thompson and Skolnik told Metzinger and the FBI to contact them if the agents wished to speak with Zieper. Metzinger said he was not sure he could contact the agents before they reached Zieper's home.  Spokespersons for the Justice Department defendants were quoted in news articles during the next several days saying that they were involved in an ongoing investigation of Zieper. In later articles, spokespersons for the Justice Department defendants indicated that the investigation was closed.  Defendants' Contacts with Plaintiff Wieger  On or about Monday, November 15,1999, Plaintiff Mark Wieger received a conference phone call from Defendant Special Agent Metzinger and Defendant Assistant United States Attorney Lisa Korologos. They asked whether he was the owner of crowdedtheater.com. Wieger told them he was not the owner, but just provided Web hosting services for the site. Metzinger and Korologos described the crowdedtheater.com Web site, saying that it contained a grainy video about a supposed military takeover of Times Square on New Year's Eve. They told Wieger that they had received calls from people asking if the film were real or not. Quoting some of the dialogue from the film, they said they were concerned that the tape could start a race riot because it contained racial slurs, and a suggestion of rape. (In fact the film contains no racial slurs.) They told Wieger that it was their job to make sure that a riot did not occur and to ensure that people would not go to Times Square thinking that a riot would occur. They said that they did not want people showing up in Times Square on New Year's Eve with guns and knives watching for any military people or police to make a wrong move.  Metzinger and Korologos explained to Wieger that they had traced the crowdedtheater.com Web site to him through GTE (an Internet Service Provider) and back to Online Marketing, LLC ("OLM"), which is the business with whom Wieger contracts to lease the computer space on the Internet for his clients. Metzinger and Korologos said they had contacted OLM, and had left a message asking them to take down the site if Wieger did not take it down.  At that point Wieger became afraid that OLM would cancel their account with him as a result of pressure from the FBI, which would devastate Plaintiff BECamation because all of BECamation's clients rely on the leased computer space provided through OLM.  Wieger asked Metzinger and Korologos what they wanted from him. The agents replied that they wanted to know how they could stop people from seeing the video. Wieger asked whether they wanted him to block access to the video, and they said yes.  Wieger then asked Metzinger and Korologos if they knew who owned the site, and they said yes. Metzinger and Korologos told Wieger that they had been in contact with Zieper and his lawyers. They told Wieger that they had asked Zieper to take down the site, but that Zieper had refused.  Wieger asked Metzinger and Korologos whether he should contact Zieper, and they said no. Metzinger and Korologos told Wieger that if Zieper called him, Wieger should tell Zieper to contact them. Wieger asked for their phone numbers, which they gave him.  As a result of the call from Metzinger and Korologos, Wieger was afraid for himself, his business and his family. He had no lawyer to call for advice and could not afford one.  While Metzinger and Korologos were still on the phone, Wieger pulled up the crowdedtheater.com Web site on his computer, and removed the link on the front page of the site to the file containing the "Military Takeover" film. He also put a message on the home page of the site saying the site was disabled. He told Metzinger and Korologos that he had disabled the link to the "Military Takeover" film on the site, and they thanked him.  Wieger phoned his fiancée, who reacted with fear and panic when she learned that the FBI had called.  Wieger then called Lisa Korologos. When the phone was answered as the United States Attorney's Office, and Wieger confirmed that he had in fact been speaking with federal officers, his anxiety level increased.  Wieger told Korologos that he wanted to explain again what he had done to disable the "Military Takeover" film on the crowdedtheater.com Web site. He said he wanted to ensure that he had complied with the request from Metzinger and Korologos. Wieger explained again that he had disabled the link to the film, and Korologos asked whether people could still access the film. Wieger said that it was possible that some people could still get to the film if they knew the exact address of the computer file in which the film was located on the Web. Wieger then asked what he should do. Korologos asked him whether he could take all the content off the crowdedtheater.com Web site. She said she did not want anyone to be able to see the film anymore. Wieger explained that he would permanently delete all of the files, and would remove the account on his server for the crowdedtheater.com domain name the next day. He explained that this would prevent people from accessing the Web site at all. Towards the end of the call, Wieger reiterated that he just wanted to make sure that he was not in any trouble with Korologos or the FBI. Korologos asked again whether he would delete all of the files on crowdedtheater.com site. When Wieger answered yes, Korologos said "that's fine, thank you."  After speaking with Korologos, Wieger deleted all of the files related to the crowdedtheater.com Web site, and removed the account on his servers for the crowdedtheater.com domain name.  The calls with Metzinger and Korologos caused Wieger to fear that he could be arrested by the FBI or other federal law enforcement agents. He also feared that the FBI or another federal agency would seize his computers or take other actions that would ruin BECamation.  Late in the afternoon of Monday, November 15, 1999, Zieper logged onto the Web to check on his Web site, and saw that the link to the "Military Takeover" film had been removed. He contacted Wieger, who explained that he had to disable the site because he had been called by the FBI and told to do so.  The Harm to Wieger and BECamation  A number of news articles reported on the closure of the crowdedtheater.com Web site as a result of the FBI calls to Wieger. These articles included stories in The Village Voice; Wired News; APBnews.com (a wire service); and the Freedom Forum Free! online news site. Many of the articles were published and distributed on the World Wide Web and on Internet discussion boards. The articles were generally critical of Wieger's willingness to yield to defendants' pressure to remove the site.  Beginning on or about November 24, 1999, Wieger began receiving hundreds of e-mails from Internet users that attacked and insulted him and BECamation for shutting down the crowdedtheater.com Web site. In Internet parlance, these e-mail insults and attacks are known as "flames."  BECamation has a Web site that promotes its services. The site contains links to many of BECamation's clients, and also contains a "guestbook and bulletin board" feature that allows users of the Web site to post comments that can be read by other users. Internet users posted attacks and insults related to the closing of the crowdedtheater.com site in the BECamation guestbook and bulletin board.  Several discussion boards on the Internet also discussed the closure of crowdedtheater.com. Users posted messages encouraging other users to send flames to Wieger opposing the closure of crowdedtheater.com. Some users posted messages encouraging other users to send messages to BECamation clients encouraging them to discontinue their business with BECamation.  Some of BECamation's clients sent e-mail messages to Wieger complaining that they had received messages about the crowdedtheater.com closure. These clients demanded an explanation.  Wieger and BECamation also received an e-mail message that contained a computer virus, which could have substantially disrupted his computers.  BECamation has a toll-free number that is listed on the BECamation Web site, and Wieger and BECamation received harassing phone calls on this line about the closure of crowdedtheater.com. The phone line is located in Wieger's home. Wieger received one harassing call at 1:30 in the morning.  Wieger spent at least eighty percent of his time during the next several days responding to the attacks on his business and trying to salvage his reputation and that of BECamation. He continues to spend substantial time repairing the damage that has been done to BECamation.  BECamation is a new company that has not yet made a profit, and that cannot afford any damage to its reputation. The ongoing damage to BECamation has caused Wieger to experience extreme distress and anxiety.  On Friday, November 26, 1999, Wieger sent an e-mail to OLM to explain the situation and to ask whether they could do anything to help. OLM replied by e-mail and suggested that Wieger contact the FBI to ask what legal basis they had for requesting that the site be shut down. If the FBI provided no legal basis for the request, OLM suggested that Wieger should put the site back up on the Web.  Wieger became angry that Metzinger and Korologos had misled him about both their contact with OLM and their insinuation that Wieger had to shut down the site because he and Zieper were in trouble with the FBI.  After speaking with Zieper, Wieger decided to put the crowdedtheater.com site and the "Military Takeover" film back on the Web.  Wieger also issued a press release, which he published on the BECamation Web site. The press release informed the public that the crowdedtheater.com Web site was accessible again, and explained Wieger's prior actions and his reasoning for shutting down the site.  Although the crowdedtheater.com site was back on the Web, Wieger continued to receive e-mail flames. While some news articles announced the reinstatement of the Web site, the prior articles about the closure of the site are still available and in circulation on the Web.  The Damage to Plaintiffs Zieper, Wieger and BECamation  Plaintiff Zieper was damaged and continues to be damaged as a result of defendants' actions described above. He and his family have suffered considerably due to the possibility that he might be arrested and imprisoned at any moment.  Plaintiff Zieper suffered and continues to suffer damage to his reputation as a result of defendants' actions described above, including the investigation of plaintiff Zieper by defendants and the public knowledge that defendants suppressed his speech.  Plaintiff Zieper was damaged and continues to be damaged as a result of defendants' violation of his First Amendment rights.  Plaintiff Wieger and BECamation were damaged and continue to be damaged as a result of defendants' actions described above. Wieger and his family have suffered considerably during the investigation.  Plaintiff Wieger and BECamation suffered and continue to suffer damage to reputation as a result of defendant's actions described above, including the investigation by defendants, the public knowledge that defendants suppressed speech hosted by Wieger and BECamation, and the actions that Wieger took to remove plaintiff Zieper's Web site upon defendants' requests.  Plaintiffs Wieger and BECamation were damaged and continue to be damaged as a result of defendants' violation of their First Amendment rights.  Defendants Acted According to an Unconstitutional Policy or Practice          Don't Dismantle Online Privacy         Take Action Now             Related IssuesPrivacy & Technology Free Speech Internet Speech        Sign Up for Breaking News  Email Address *    ZIP Code *              























