 



Michael Kors Names Pascale Meyran Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer | Business Wire


























































Michael Kors Names Pascale Meyran Senior Vice President, Chief Human 
      Resources Officer






September 12, 2014 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



HONG KONG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Michael Kors Holdings Limited (NYSE:KORS) (the “Company”), a global 
      luxury lifestyle brand, today announced that Pascale Meyran has been 
      named to the newly created role of Senior Vice President, Chief Human 
      Resources Officer. She will report to John D. Idol, the Company’s 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
    


      Ms. Meyran’s appointment, effective September 15, 2014, is a key element 
      in the brand’s development of a strategic global infrastructure. In this 
      new role, Ms. Meyran will oversee the creation of a best in class Global 
      Human Resources Department, with a focus on a robust learning and talent 
      development program.
    

      “We are excited to have someone with Pascale’s extensive human resources 
      background join our team,” said John D. Idol. “As we continue to expand 
      and strengthen our position as a leading global luxury brand, it is 
      essential that we develop the best and the brightest talent to support 
      our growth. Pascale’s appointment brings us a wealth of experience in 
      talent development and training on both a domestic and international 
      level.”
    

      Ms. Meyran has over 28 years of human resources experience, and is 
      acclaimed for her organizational development and innovation, 
      particularly on a global scale. Most recently, Ms. Meyran was at S.C. 
      Johnson & Son, where she held the position of Senior Vice President of 
      Global Human Resources since 2010. Prior to her 20-year tenure at S.C. 
      Johnson & Son, Ms. Meyran worked in a variety of human resources 
      functions at General Electric.
    

      “I am thrilled to be joining the exceptional team at Michael Kors,” says 
      Ms. Meyran. “It is a creative, dynamic brand, and I look forward to 
      contributing my global human resources experience to drive talent 
      development and corporate training to further the company’s success.”
    

About Michael Kors


      Michael Kors is a world-renowned, award-winning designer of luxury 
      accessories and ready-to-wear. His namesake company, established in 
      1981, currently produces a range of products through his Michael Kors 
      and MICHAEL Michael Kors labels, including accessories, footwear, 
      watches, jewelry, men’s and women’s ready-to-wear and a full line of 
      fragrance products. Michael Kors stores are operated, either directly or 
      through licensing partners, in some of the most prestigious cities in 
      the world, including New York, Beverly Hills, Chicago, London, Milan, 
      Paris, Munich, Istanbul, Dubai, Seoul, Tokyo and Hong Kong.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release contains forward-looking statements. You should not 
      place undue reliance on such statements because they are subject to 
      numerous uncertainties and factors relating to the operations and 
      business environment of the Company, all of which are difficult to 
      predict and many of which are beyond the Company’s control. 
      Forward-looking statements include information concerning the Company’s 
      possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions 
      of its business strategy. These statements often include words such as 
      “may,” “will,” “should,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” 
      “plan,” “estimate” or similar expressions. The 
      forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on 
      assumptions that the Company has made in light of management’s 
      experience in the industry as well as its perceptions of historical 
      trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other 
      factors that it believes are appropriate under the circumstances. You 
      should understand that these statements are not guarantees of 
      performance or results. They involve known and unknown risks, 
      uncertainties and assumptions. Although the Company believes that these 
      forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, you 
      should be aware that many factors could affect its actual financial 
      results or results of operations and could cause actual results to 
      differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. These 
      factors are more fully discussed in the “Risk Factors” section and 
      elsewhere in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
      year ended March 29, 2014 (File No. 001-35368), filed on May 28, 2014 
      with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
    




Contacts

      Investor Relations:Michael Kors Holdings LimitedKrystyna 
      Lack, 201-691-6133VP, TreasurerInvestorRelations@MichaelKors.comorICR, 
      Inc.Jean Fontana, 203-682-1214jean.fontana@icrinc.comorMedia:Alecia 
      Pulman, 203-682-8224alecia.pulman@icrinc.com















Contacts

      Investor Relations:Michael Kors Holdings LimitedKrystyna 
      Lack, 201-691-6133VP, TreasurerInvestorRelations@MichaelKors.comorICR, 
      Inc.Jean Fontana, 203-682-1214jean.fontana@icrinc.comorMedia:Alecia 
      Pulman, 203-682-8224alecia.pulman@icrinc.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












    Pascale Meyran | Michael Kors Inc | ZoomInfo.com












Meyran Pascale - Insider Stock Trading - OpenInsider











Sector

All Sectors

Group by Sector


Aerospace
Agriculture
Automobile
Building
Business Services
Chemical
Electrical
Energy
Fashion
Financial
Food & Beverage
Fund
Healthcare
Household
Insurance
Machinery
Media
Metals
Mining
Other
Personal Services
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
Telecom
Transportation
Utility




Industry

All Industries

Group by Industry






Insiders
Filings


All
Purchases
Sales

CIK: 1620012 - Address: 33 Kingsway, London, X0 WC2B 6UF 4 results 

						Links
						


SECYahooGoogleFinvizTradingViewStockChartsStockTwitsDownload CSV 













TC
Stat
Stk
Ins
Fil
+d
+w
+m
+q
+h
+y
avg


S%ret111-1-27-9-230-6S%wins100100010010080 




Filing Date
T Date
Ticker
IssuerInc Sector
IndIndustry
Owner
oSt
Rel
Title
T
TVal
Price
L
Qty
oc
Own
H
r2y
r1y
r6m
r3m
r6w
r3w
r7d
r3d
f1d
f1w
f1m
f3m
f6m
f1y



6/19/17 19:186/15/17KORSMichael Kors Holdings LtdFashApprlLeather & Leather ProductsMeyran PascaleX0OSVP,CHROM.d00.0002389D
6/6/17 19:366/2/17KORSMichael Kors Holdings LtdFashApprlLeather & Leather ProductsMeyran PascaleX0OSVP,CHROM.d00.000511610D
10/4/16 19:506/15/16KORSMichael Kors Holdings LtdFashApprlLeather & Leather ProductsMeyran PascaleX0OSVP,CHROM.d00.00331475D-377-17-6-7-2-7-4-1-27-9-23
10/4/16 19:506/16/16KORSMichael Kors Holdings LtdFashApprlLeather & Leather ProductsMeyran PascaleX0OSVP,CHROS.dm-9549.2533-2-295D-377-17-6-7-2-7-4-1-27-9-23



DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price
AAmended filing
EError detected in filing



S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another person

S - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)

F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the company

P - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person


Return to top
Contact
Copyright © 2017 OpenInsider.com. All rights reserved.




 












Pascale Meyran, Michael Kors (USA), Inc. Chief Human Resources Officer & SVP - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Pascale  Meyran
Chief Human Resources Officer & SVP, Michael Kors (USA), Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Pascale  Meyran at Michael Kors (USA), Inc.. Pascale  Meyran works as Chief Human Resources Officer & SVP , acting in a HR role .  Michael Kors (USA), Inc. is a leader in Apparel I-Women's, Children's & Infants' Wear .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more HR leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


11/11/2016:


Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS

..... Company has a market cap of $8,748 M.
In a different news, on Oct 4, 2016, Pascale Meyran (SVP, Chief HR Officer) sold 1,936 shares at $49.30 per share price. According to the SEC, on Sep 6, 2016, Lee S. .....

People In This Article:
Cathy Marie Robinson
,                                            Pascale Meyran
 

09/18/2014:


Technical Updates, Quarterly Dividend, Appointment, and Regulatory Approval - Research Reports on ABInBev, Under Armour, Colgate,...

..... The full research reports on Colgate are available to download free of charge at:
On September 12, 2014, Michael Kors Holdings Ltd. (Michael Kors) announced the appointment of Pascale Meyran to the newly created role of Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, effective September 15, 2014. In her new role, Pascale Meyran will oversee the creation of a best in class Global Human Resources Department, with a focus on a robust learning and talent development program. .....

People In This Article:
John D. Idol
,                                            Michael Kors
,                                            Pascale Meyran
 






Learn more about Pascale  Meyran  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Pascale  Meyran and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved






































Michael Kors Names Pascale Meyran Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Michael Kors Names Pascale Meyran Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer






Business Wire




Sep 12, 2014 7:00 AM EDT













 




























































  Michael Kors Holdings Limited (NYSE:KORS) (the “Company”), a global luxury lifestyle brand, today announced that Pascale Meyran has been named to the newly created role of Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer. She will report to John D. Idol, the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  Ms. Meyran’s appointment, effective September 15, 2014, is a key element in the brand’s development of a strategic global infrastructure. In this new role, Ms. Meyran will oversee the creation of a best in class Global Human Resources Department, with a focus on a robust learning and talent development program.  “We are excited to have someone with Pascale’s extensive human resources background join our team,” said John D. Idol. “As we continue to expand and strengthen our position as a leading global luxury brand, it is essential that we develop the best and the brightest talent to support our growth. Pascale’s appointment brings us a wealth of experience in talent development and training on both a domestic and international level.”  Ms. Meyran has over 28 years of human resources experience, and is acclaimed for her organizational development and innovation, particularly on a global scale. Most recently, Ms. Meyran was at S.C. Johnson & Son, where she held the position of Senior Vice President of Global Human Resources since 2010. Prior to her 20-year tenure at S.C. Johnson & Son, Ms. Meyran worked in a variety of human resources functions at General Electric.  “I am thrilled to be joining the exceptional team at Michael Kors,” says Ms. Meyran. “It is a creative, dynamic brand, and I look forward to contributing my global human resources experience to drive talent development and corporate training to further the company’s success.”   About Michael Kors   Michael Kors is a world-renowned, award-winning designer of luxury accessories and ready-to-wear. His namesake company, established in 1981, currently produces a range of products through his Michael Kors and MICHAEL Michael Kors labels, including accessories, footwear, watches, jewelry, men’s and women’s ready-to-wear and a full line of fragrance products. Michael Kors stores are operated, either directly or through licensing partners, in some of the most prestigious cities in the world, including New York, Beverly Hills, Chicago, London, Milan, Paris, Munich, Istanbul, Dubai, Seoul, Tokyo and Hong Kong.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Alphabet Did Nothing to Push S&P 500 and Nasdaq to Fresh Records
Wall Street at records.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Jul 25, 2017 8:00 PM EDT
























Diamondback Energy Could Further Impress; Financials Have Uncertain Road Ahead -- ICYMI Tuesday
Here's what you need to know now.



Michael Brown

Jul 25, 2017 7:30 PM EDT
























Michael Kors Confirms With $1.2 Billion Jimmy Choo Deal That Yes, the Mall Is Dying
These boots (and high heels) were made for walking.



Lisa Botter

Jul 25, 2017 6:24 PM EDT
























Michael Kors Was Irrelevant, So It Spent $1.2 Billion for Jimmy Choo -- Jim Cramer Explains
Michael Kors overpaid for Jimmy Choo in $1.2 billion deal.



Bret Kenwell

Jul 25, 2017 3:45 PM EDT








































 











Trending


If Donald Trump Is Right, How Many Jobs Would 3 Apple Factories in the U.S. Really Create?


Facebook Could Plunge by 5% or More in a Few Hours


Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates? We Found 9 Products You'll Want to Check Out.


Corning Takes Damaging Hit on Earnings -- Here's Where Investors Can Buy


Jim Cramer Reveals What to Watch in Southwest Airlines, Dow Chemical and Starbucks Earnings











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 























Pascale Meyran | Michael Kors Holdings Limited | Email, SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer, @michaelkors.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























PASCALE MEYRAN

 Michael Kors Holdings Limited  SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer




export

















11 West 42nd Street

New York, NY 10036


Email format for @michaelkors.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
5000 - 9999

Revenue:  
500 Million - 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Consumer Products->Textile/Apparel Products                    
SIC Code:  
                         2389  - Apparel and Accessories, Nec








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Michael Kors Holdings Limited's SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer is where Pascale Meyran is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Kelly Vitko. They are based in New York, NY, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Textile/apparel products industry. Pascale Meyran's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Michael Kors Holdings Limited email addresses on Lead411 with the @michaelkors.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Pascale Meyran are PMeyran@michaelkors.com, Pascale.Meyran@michaelkors.com, Pascale@michaelkors.com, and Pascale_Meyran@michaelkors.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@michaelkors.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Pascale M - Other

Pascale Maechling - Executive
A Project Manager at The MotivAction Team based in Stevenage, , Pascale Maechling has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on The Motivaction Team in our Professional services category. The company CEO is . There are email addresses on their profile and may include Pascale Maechling' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Pascale Maechling.  Some possible email formats for Pascale Maechling are PMaechling@motivaction.co.uk, Pascale.Maechling@motivaction.co.uk, Pascale@motivaction.co.uk, and Pascale_Maechling@motivaction.co.uk. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@motivaction.co.uk addresses.
Pascale Maestri - Operations




Similar Employees:
Luke Adams - Executive
Luke Adams's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Michael Kors Holdings Limited's Lead411 profile and other Michael Kors Holdings Limited email addresses with the @michaelkors.com domain format.  He is part of Michael Kors Holdings Limited where he serves as the VP Finance, Global Payroll.  Michael Kors Holdings Limited's main office is set in New York, NY. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Textile/apparel products category.  Some possible email formats for Luke Adams are LAdams@michaelkors.com, Luke.Adams@michaelkors.com, Luke@michaelkors.com, and Luke_Adams@michaelkors.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@michaelkors.com addresses.
Maria Decker - Other
If you need @michaelkors.com email addresses for Michael Kors Holdings Limited, you can find them on Lead411 as Maria Decker's email might be available. Maria Decker, the company's Vice President of Sales Ready To Wear, also has extensive contact information, including Michael Kors Holdings Limited's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. New York, NY-based Michael Kors Holdings Limited can be found on Lead411 under the Textile/apparel products industry.  Some possible email formats for Maria Decker are MDecker@michaelkors.com, Maria.Decker@michaelkors.com, Maria@michaelkors.com, and Maria_Decker@michaelkors.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@michaelkors.com addresses.
Matthew Lafargue - Sales - Marketing
Trying to find Matthew Lafargue's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Michael Kors Holdings Limited's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @michaelkors.com contact information.  Michael Kors Holdings Limited is an organization centered in New York, NY, which you can find on Lead411 under the Textile/apparel products category.  Matthew Lafargue is their Senior Vice President of Sales.  Some possible email formats for Matthew Lafargue are MLafargue@michaelkors.com, Matthew.Lafargue@michaelkors.com, Matthew@michaelkors.com, and Matthew_Lafargue@michaelkors.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@michaelkors.com addresses.

People Directory > PASCALE MEYRAN




























 




