




MHB Financial Group


































Home        Company        Services        The MHB Difference        Articles of Interest        Contact Us        Client Login








 











  




Company | Your Family Office
Today, the typical high net worth individual has 4 or more advisors, including a CPA, estate attorney, investment manager, and insurance agent, to name a few. These advisors usually work within an informational vacuum, providing services without understanding their client's complete financial picture. Overall coordination is left to you, the client, to get your advisors on the same page and working together - something you probably don’t have the time to do.
At MHB Financial Group LLC, we have the experience and knowledge to ensure that your financial, legal, and accounting experts work together from a coordinated plan designed to address your entire financial universe, not just a limited area of expertise. Our comprehensive approach enables you to interface with a single service provider, much like a personal CFO, rather than spending your time calling three people every time you need advice. We serve as your overall coordinator of financial services, focused solely on managing and protecting your family's wealth and business interests.
As a Registered Investment Advisor we bring a fiduciary level of care to our advice, ensuring that the services you receive are the result of a methodology that is focused on you and not the sale of financial products. Clients receive consolidated reporting, a broad and multi-generational view of wealth management, unbiased tax and investment advice, and coordinated, well-timed service delivery. Our technology enables you to stay informed about your financial situation 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
 



Executive Biography 









As Managing Partner of MHB Financial Group LLC, Steve Bloch has advised high net worth individuals and families on personal and business matters since 1993. He brings a deep wealth of knowledge and experience to his clients. Steve is a graduate of both Harvard College and Fordham University's School of Law, and is a member in good standing of the New Jersey Bar. He is also a Certified Financial PlannerTM professional.  Steve spent the first decade of his career as a member of the International Tax Planning Groups at Ernst & Young LLP and Deloitte & Touche LLP, where he had principal responsibility for providing creative income tax planning techniques for public and private companies and their owners. He was also deeply involved in the design and implementation of tax-efficient wealth preservation strategies for ultra-high net worth individuals.   Prior to founding MHB Financial Group LLC, Steve was the Managing Partner of both Lexington Financial Management LLC, a Beverly Hills-based business management firm that caters to the entertainment industry, and Atlas Advisory Partners LLC, a boutique tax consulting and compliance firm.   








Services









COMPREHENSIVE FINANCIAL PLANNING


At MHB Financial Group LLC, we believe in a comprehensive, integrated approach to financial planning. Unlike many investment houses or insurance companies that engage in a limited financial review as a precursor to selling pre-packaged financial products, MHB Financial Group LLC fully embraces the unbiased, client-centric financial planning process advocated by the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards. We apply a multi-disciplinary approach, often in collaboration with your other financial service providers, so that all of your financial resources are working for you in the most efficient manner. Our financial planning process also recognizes that life is fluid, so our plans are constantly monitored, updated, and adjusted to reflect changes in your goals and your life.
















TAX COMPLIANCE AND CONSULTING


One area of expertise that truly distinguishes MHB Financial Group LLC from other companies is our tax practice. Our firm has over 20 years of high-level tax planning experience and our clients enjoy an approach that is focused on minimizing the amount of taxes they pay as opposed to simply producing tax returns. In addition, we recognize that taxes impact almost every major financial issue you may encounter, from wealth transfer issues to business succession concerns to insurance needs. Most CPAs are not trained to engage in the creative tax planning that is necessary to integrate a client’s tax situation with their other financial and legal concerns - at MHB Financial Group LLC, that is our specialty.  Integration Success Story
















ESTATE PLANNING


At MHB Financial Group LLC, estate planning involves more than simply minimizing the amount of taxes you pay. It really gets to the heart of the legacy you are trying to leave for your loved ones. Estate planning should reflect your values, your hopes, and your ideals. Most of our clients do not want to leave their heirs a “blank” check; they have definite plans about their money and a purpose behind not only how it is inherited, but also how it is spent.  We spend a lot of time helping our clients articulate and structure an estate plan that reflects their values, their concerns, and their goals. We make sure that our clients understand exactly what their estate plan will, and will not, achieve. We also review our clients' plans to ensure that they reflect changes in goals or circumstances.  Integration Success Story
















RISK MANAGEMENT  AND INSURANCE  REVIEW


People tend to have very strong opinions about insurance. They either love it or hate it. At MHB Financial Group LLC, we believe that insurance is simply a possible solution to a particular problem. Nothing more, nothing less. However, it has been our experience that people are inappropriately insured - they either have too much or too little.
 At MHB Financial Group LLC, we objectively review all of our client’s insurance policies, from auto to home to life to disability to professional liability, by working with a network of insurance experts that are at the top of their respective specialties. We make sure that our clients understand what their insurance policies do, and just as importantly, do not do. Unlike insurance agents, we bring a fiduciary standard of care to our review and recommendations.
















INVESTMENT  MANAGEMENT AND ASSET ALLOCATION


At MHB Financial Group LLC, our goal is to take a disciplined approach to managing portfolio risk while optimizing cash flow to meet spending needs. We focus on your total wealth and not just your investable assets. Investments are managed as part of an integrated platform with a client’s particular goals, insurance coverage, business/professional exposure, risk tolerance and tax situation all part of the strategy.  At MHB Financial Group LLC, we believe our product-neutral, total wealth approach provides you with the best chance to meet your financial goals. Integration Success Story












The MHB Difference















Technology


One tool that assists MHB Financial Group LLC in delivering excellent client service is our technology platform. Clients are provided 24/7 access to all of their financial information through their personal, secure web-based portal. Information is provided in a manner that is easy to understand, up-to-date and critical in a time of crisis. Our commitment to, and investment in, technology means time isn't wasted on gathering information. Instead, we can devote our energy to proactively helping you manage your financial world by keeping you and your other advisors fully informed.































MHB Advisory Board


Supplementing its in-house expertise, MHB Financial Group LLC has assembled a team of independent experts in the fields of taxation, investment strategies, risk management strategies, corporate legal services, real estate services, and estate planning to assist with its mission of providing wealth management services to its clients.  Our Advisory Board is comprised of recognized experts in their respective fields and was formed to provide our clients with continuous access to the latest wealth management techniques typically available only to the ultra-wealthy.








Articles of Interest

Every month MHB Financial Group LLC publishes timely articles on current issues that affect your financial health and security. To access this month's articles or view archived articles, please click on the link below.





BLOG






In the News

Click here for a list of MHB Financial Group LLC's media mentions.

 
 






 
Contact Us


 
 
 













Name:


















Areas of Interest:


















Financial Planning










Investments










Education Planning





















Tax Planning










Retirement Planning










Business Succession





















Estate Planning










Insurance & Risk Management
















 












Email:





 












Telephone:





 












Message:









































 











MHB Financial Group LLC1712 - B Clark LaneRedondo Beach, CA 90278310.798.0251client@mhbfinancial.com









Client Login










Private Client Website



2016 Tax Preparation






Important Disclosure


MHB Financial Group, LLC (“Advisor”) is an California-registered investment adviser located in Redondo Beach, California. Advisor and its representatives are in compliance with the current filing requirements imposed upon state registered investment advisers by those states in which Advisor maintains clients. Advisor may only transact business in those states in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. Advisor’s web site is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Accordingly, the publication of Advisor’s web site on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as Advisor’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the Internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by Advisor with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. For information pertaining to the registration status of Advisor, please contact the state securities regulators for those states in which Advisor maintains a notice filing. A copy of Advisor’s current written disclosure statement discussing Advisor’s business operations, services, and fees is available from Advisor upon written request. Advisor does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Advisor’s web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefore. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.
Past performance may not be indicative of future results. Therefore, no current or prospective client should assume that future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended or undertaken by Advisor) made reference to directly or indirectly by Advisor in its web site, or indirectly via a link to an unaffiliated third party web site, will be profitable or equal the corresponding indicated performance level(s). Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that any specific investment will either be suitable or profitable for a client or prospective client’s investment portfolio. Historical performance results for investment indices and/or categories generally do not reflect the deduction of transaction and/or custodial charges, the deduction of an investment management fee, nor the impact of taxes, the incurrence of which would have the effect of decreasing historical performance results.
Please remember that different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that the future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy (including those undertaken or recommended by Advisor), will be profitable or equal any historical performance level(s).
Certain portions of Advisor’s web site (i.e. newsletters, articles, commentaries, etc.) may contain a discussion of, and/or provide access to, Advisor’s (and those of other investment and non-investment professionals) positions and/or recommendations as of a specific prior date. Due to various factors, including changing market conditions, such discussion may no longer be reflective of current position(s) and/or recommendation(s). Moreover, no client or prospective client should assume that any such discussion serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from Advisor, or from any other investment professional. Advisor is neither acting as an attorney nor an accountant with respect to any content within the web site, and no portion of the web site content should be interpreted as legal, accounting or tax advice. 
To the extent that any client or prospective client utilizes any economic calculator or similar device contained within or linked to Advisor’s web site, the client and/or prospective client acknowledges and understands that the information resulting from the use of any such calculator/device, is not, and should not be construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from Advisor, or from any other investment professional.
Each client and prospective client agrees, as a condition precedent to his/her/its access to Advisor’s web site, to release and hold harmless Advisor, its officers, directors, owners, employees and agents from any and all adverse consequences resulting from any of his/her/its actions and/or omissions which are independent of his/her/its receipt of personalized individual advice from Advisor.


Big Windfalls and Structured Settlements –  What They Are, and How to Handle ThemIf you've received this windfall, it might sound like you're fixed for life.  The reality is that your financial life has changed drastically, and you need to plan for it.
A structured settlement is a way of receiving partial payments for a major amount of money you've won or received in a lottery, a court or insurance case. You hear a lot of commercials on the air for getting cash from structured settlements, but it's important to understand what they are and how they should be handled if you're ever the recipient.
A good place to start is with a tax expert like a certified public accountant, a financial planning expert like a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNERTM professional, or an attorney or structured settlement consultant who has significant experience dealing with these payment structures. When there is big money at stake, it might make sense to consult all three. Some ideas:
First, the definition: A structured settlement is structured like an annuity. It is a contract written by an insurance company that provides periodic payments to a winner in a lottery, a lawsuit or some other settlement arrangement over time.  Amounts can be paid out weekly, monthly or yearly.
The benefits: Structured correctly - and with the right oversight going in - a structured settlement annuity provides a payment stream that may be tax-free over a period of time during the winner's lifetime and remaining payments may be bequeathed to his or her survivors after their death.
The pitfalls: One should never accept a structured settlement agreement without vetting it against their own tax situation or estate needs.  Also, it helps to have an expert who understands these agreements well enough to know whether certain fees or charges connected with that settlement are appropriate to the overall size of the award. Keep it in mind that the structured settlement must be purchased by the person or company that is at fault or is making the award. This is why it's particularly important to have an expert watching over that selection process from the moment the award is announced. 
The lump sum alternative: If a winner chooses a lump sum payment over a periodic payment based on the full amount of the award, that payment will likely be handled with an insurance contract that physically pays the lump sum but at a much heftier chunk of the full total - they get a big payoff for giving you a big one-time payoff.  Keep in mind that the lump-sum payoff idea may not be worth pursuing unless it's large enough to throw off substantial investment income in the future and that you have talented management making sure that lump sum makes money over time. This is why it's always a good reason to confer with tax, financial and investment experts on the best way to go with either a lump sum or a periodic payment from the moment you've been informed you won the money.
Keep in mind that others get an advantage too: Many attorneys are also structuring their fees that are taken directly out of a court award. This allows them to postpone receiving their share of an award on a tax-deferred basis so they can build their own retirement funds.  There's nothing wrong with this, but it's important to know who else in the process might benefit from any decisions that get made.

February 2009 - This column is produced by the Financial Planning Association, the membership organization for the financial planning community, and is provided by Steven J. Bloch, Esq., CFP® , a local member of FPA.





Technology | Video



« Back to The MHB Difference














 








Important Disclosure




Copyright © 2017 MHB Financial Group LLC, All Rights Reserved!








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 













 




MHB&B INVESTMENT GROUP LLC - DALLAS, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



DALLAS



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            MHB&B INVESTMENT GROUP LLC
                                    



 





















M 


MHB&B INVESTMENT GROUP LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5730 STANFORD AVE DALLAS, TX 75209
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated TX
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts MARK FRANKLIN







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Mhb&b Investment Group Llc was founded in 2010, and is located at 5730 Stanford Ave in Dallas. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $100,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















MHB Investment Partners, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Bahl  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









MHB Investment Partners, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2621 Canterbury Trail, Ne  
    Atlant, GA, 30324Phone: (404) 808-8106 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-13


Amended


$2,151,704


$900,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-01-07


New


$1,251,704


$1,251,704


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Monish Bahl 
 Executive, Promoter 


 N/A Mhb Capital Advisers, Llc 
 Promoter 












MHB Investment Partners, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











MHB Investment Partners, LLC
List of persons related to the company MHB Investment Partners, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of MHB Investment Partners, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001662458IRS Number: 461741281Company address: 2621 CANTERBURY TRAIL, NE  ATLANT 30324Phone number: (404) 808-8106



People related to MHB Investment Partners, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryBahl  Monish2621 Canterbury Trail, NE AtlantaGAn/a  MHB Capital Advisers, LLC2621 Canterbury Trail, NE AtlantaGA




MHB Investment Partners, LLC on the Web












 






 

Mhb Investment Partners Llc raised $1,251,704 on January 6th, 2016































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/397007-mhb-investment-partners-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=397007  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Mhb Investment Partners Llc raised $1,251,704 on January 6th, 2016.Get alertedif Mhb Investment Partners Llc gets funded!Amount:$1,251,704Company:Mhb Investment Partners LlcInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesGeorgiaAtlantKey people:Monish Bahl (Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - MHB Investment Partners, LLC (0001662458) (Filer)Description:In January 6th, 2016, an amount of 1.3M has been raised in a securities offering by Mhb Investment Partners Llc. Mhb Investment Partners Llc is a Finance firm.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!





Mhb Llc (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Mhb Llc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Mhb Llc

Mhb,llc imports from Shenzhen Onetouch Business Service in China through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Mhb Llc and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 JC PENNEY
 STARBUCKS COFFEE SEATTLE
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
 NISSAN MOTOR IBERICA SA
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Mhb Llc
Mhb,llc imports from Shenzhen Onetouch Business Service in China through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



SHENZHEN ONETOUCH BUSINESS SERVICE
FLOOR 6,HONGCHANG PLAZA NO.2001 SHE NANHU STREET LUOHU DISTRICT SHENZHEN,,CN


MHB,LLC
1919 POTRERO AVE EL MONTE CA,91733,US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



MHB,LLC
1919 POTRERO AVE EL MONTE CA,91733,US



MADE IN CHINA
MADE IN CHINA





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



EGLV149701147856


DFSU1443835
DFSU1443835


Product Description




HORTICULTURAL PRODUCTS THIS SHIPMENT CONTAINS NO WOOD PACKING MATERIALS.
HORTICULTURAL PRODUCTS THIS SHIPMENT CONTAINS NO WOOD PACKING MATERIALS.









Bill of LadingELIIITL17050208Arrival Date2017-06-18Weight (LB)10,824Weight (KG)4,920Quantity549 CTNContainer Count1Voyage No.0987EPort of LoadingYANTIANPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameEVER ELITECarrier CodeELIICountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptYANTIAN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Mhb Llc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Mhb Llc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Mhb Llc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Mhb Llc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Pacpromotions                                



                                    Bill Howich Rv And Marine                                



                                    Crate & Barrel Furniture                                



                                    Pohas Co.,ltd                                



                                    Freight Links Express (penang) Sdnb                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.5668
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















 

    MHB Investment Partners Rankings


















Toggle navigation





 

 
 


Toggle navigation



 
 






                    MHB Investment Partners

                    
                                            
Claim


 


Quick Statistics:



            Current Rank:
        

           928
        



            Current Score:
        

            142
        



            Current Rank:
        

            928
        



            All-time Average Rank:
        

            947
        



            All-time Average Score:
        

            130
        



            Max Drawdown:
        





            Annualized Standard Deviation:
        





            Year to Date Return:
        

            6.41
        



           5-Star Rating:
        



 

Recent Performance:



Month
HedgeRank™
Rank
Change
HedgeScore™
Score
Change
One Month Return
Return Amount
12 Month Return
5 Year Return
Total Assets




May / 2016

                928
            
 345
142
 9
7.41%
Unknown





April / 2016

                1273
            
 -633
133
 18
4.21%
Unknown





February / 2016

                640
            
 0
115
New
0.14%
Unknown








Awards

This hedge fund has no awards.
 

Trophies

This hedge fund has not won any awards or trophies that we currently track. Are we missing something? 
 

Superlatives

 MHB Investment Partners's best month
        was May 2016,
        ranked #928 with a HedgeScore of 142
                earning a 7.41% positive return.
 MHB Investment Partners's worst month
            was February 2016
            , ranked #640 with a HedgeScore of 115
                    earning a 0.14% positive return.
 

Graphs
Monthly Return Percentage




Embed Options


Options:
            Quick Stats
            
            Recent Performance
            
            Trophies
            
            Superlatives
            
            Graphs
            




 
 
 


                Obligatory disclaimer: All of our data is crawled from the web and our understanding is that all hedge fund data is self-reported, meaning the data is only as good as the discloser is honest, and we obviously can't vouch for that.
                HedgeFundRanks.com is not an investment advisor. Use our rankings at your own risk!
            
 
 







