

MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1 - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1  Funding details


MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1 Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001685245IRS Number: 813839827Address: 440 CHESTNUT LANE  YORK 17403Phone number: 717-747-0117



MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1 Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-14New Form D$157,500Yet To Sell$157,500$5,250006b[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1
Key People in MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1:

Douglas ArbittierJoseph Hackett
Similar companiesMI-12, LLC, MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES TWI-2, MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3, MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES C360-4








Last visited companies: Algeo Fund, L.P., Alianza Inc, Aligned Partners Fund I, LP, Armor Capital Offshore, Ltd., Assure-SDH-Fund, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.



















MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1 - Pooled Investment Fund- Arbittier  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    440 Chestnut Lane  
    York, PA, 17403Phone: 717-747-0117 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-14


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Douglas Arbittier 
 Director, Executive 


 Joseph Hackett 
 Director, Executive 












MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3 - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3  Funding details


MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3 Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001705326IRS Number: 821280364Address: 440 CHESTNUT LANE  YORK 17403Phone number: 717-747-0117



MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3 Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-05-02New Form D$215,250Yet To Sell$215,250$5,250006b[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3
Key People in MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3:

Douglas ArbittierJoseph Hackett
Similar companiesMI-12, LLC, MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1, MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES TWI-2, MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES C360-4








Last visited companies: C3 Metrics, Inc., CAPRICORN AIP DOMESTIC EQUITIES LP, CAPRICORN AIP ASIAN STRATEGIES LP, CAPRICORN AIP ENRGY & COMMODITIES LP, CASUAL COLLECTIVE INC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3 - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3
List of persons related to the company MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3.

CIK Number: 0001705326IRS Number: 821280364Company address: 440 CHESTNUT LANE  YORK 17403Phone number: 717-747-0117



People related to MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3
NamePositionStreetCityCountryArbittier  Douglas440 Chestnut Lane YorkPAHackett  Joseph440 Chestnut Lane YorkPA




MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES CT1-3 on the Web
Related companiesMI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES AAT-1, MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES C360-4, MI-12 VENTURE FUND, LLC - SERIES TWI-2, MI-12, LLC












 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

























$100 Billion Fund Manager and BNY Mellon Greenlight Cannabis Stocks – New Cannabis Ventures











































































 




















$100 Billion Fund Manager and BNY... 

















 









 









 
$100 Billion Fund Manager and BNY Mellon Greenlight Cannabis Stocks 


May 30, 2017 at 1:13 pm  Breaking news by Alan Brochstein, CFA 														

0
0
0
46
0







First Trust Files Prospectus for FT 6766 Medical Cannabis Portfolio Series
Illinois-based fund manager First Trust, which manages over $100 billion in aggregate across a range of retail and institutional investment products, has filed a S-6 prospectus for a medical cannabis unit investment trust (UIT), FT 6766, which consists of a single portfolio known as Medical Cannabis Portfolio Series. A UIT is a pooled investment vehicle with a defined lifespan that is invested in a fixed portfolio of securities.
While Horizons ETF Managers was the first fund manager to launch a cannabis portfolio with its Horizons Medical Marijuana Life Sciences ETF  (TSX: HMMJ) (OTC: HMLSF), which now has C$115mm in net assets, FT 6766 could become the first U.S. listed cannabis fund. First Trust is intending to price it at the same initial price that Horizons ETF used, $10.00, and it will have a maximum sales charge of 2.75%. The Bank of New York Mellon will serve as Trustee.
The prospectus describes the objective as “above-average capital appreciation”. Stocks will be selected from the Indxx Cannabis Index, which is not yet listed on the provider’s website. Its team of analysts will “thoroughly evaluate each company for inclusion in the portfolio based upon each company’s association with the medical aspects of cannabis as well as their analysis of other screens for liquidity constraints.” Importantly, the Trust has “mandatory termination date” of June 28, 2019.
Editor’s note: Subsequent to publication, First Trust filed an amended prospectus that no longer included Bank of New York Mellon as Trustee





Before this cannabis stock news is here, it's published to subscribers on 420 Investor.






Breaking news by Alan Brochstein, CFA 
Based in Houston, Alan leverages his experience as founder of online communities 420 Investor, the first and still largest due diligence platform focused on the publicly-traded stocks in the cannabis industry. With his extensive network in the cannabis community, Alan continues to find new ways to connect the industry and facilitate its sustainable growth. At New Cannabis Ventures, he is responsible for content development and strategic alliances. Before shifting his focus to the cannabis industry in early 2013, Alan, who began his career on Wall Street in 1986, worked as an independent research analyst following over two decades in research and portfolio management. A prolific writer, with over 650 articles published since 2007 at Seeking Alpha, where he has 70,000 followers, Alan is a frequent speaker at industry conferences and a frequent source to the media, including the NY Times, the Wall Street Journal, Fox Business, and Bloomberg TV.
						Contact Alan: Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn | Email








Get Our Sunday Newsletter













0
0
0
46
0







Subscribe The best cannabis industry news sent to your inbox every Sunday


GO


Spotlight

Cannabis Advertising
Cannabis Stock IndexThe Cannabis Stock Index is designed to represent the overall market for the medical and legal marijuana sector.
Cannabis Stocks

The largest, most comprehensive cannabis-investment centric forum on the internet.
www.420investor.com
Trending


					New Mexico Medical Cannabis Sales Soar to $40mm through June
				



					CannaDx Cannabis Testing Device Falls Short in Review
				



					Aurora Cannabis to Begin Trading on Toronto Stock Exchange on July 24
				



					Exclusive CFN Media Interview with Solis Tek (SLTK) CEO Dennis Forchic
				



					Kush Bottles Partners to Serve Alaska Cannabis Industry
				

 
 











© NCV Media, LLC About Disclaimer Advertise Contact Newsletter Privacy




 
 














 


 

Adams Capital Management, Inc., Venture Capital Fund: Jerry S. Sullivan, General Partner





















































860-261-2322

Log In


Entrepreneurs >
Investors >




Sign Up


Entrepreneurs >
Investors >









Venture Capital & Angel Investors






Jerry S. Sullivan from Adams Capital Management, Inc. is a member of FundingPost online! To list your Company on our website and make your profile available to Jerry S. and 7,500+ other VCs and Angel Investors, Click Here.



Venture Fund Member Profile

Share This Profile: 
















Adams Capital Management, Inc. is a national venture capital firm specializing in early-stage applied technology investments. Established in 1994, ACM is a lead Series A investor and currently manages $810 million.

ACM's well-defined, discontinuity driven, investment strategy is driven by the identification and exploitation of market discontinuities. This strategy recognizes emerging growth companies with value propositions driven by economics and product roadmaps that have the potential to define and dominate product categories. ACM's national presence and expansive resources, networks and experiences, offer our entrepreneurs the opportunity to develop their visions into market-leading companies.



Jerry S. SullivanGeneral PartnerAdams Capital Management, Inc.


Jerry S. Sullivan joined Adams Capital Management in 1997 as a General Partner, and became a Venture Partner in 2008. Prior to joining the team, Jerry was President of Design Technologies, Inc., focusing on evaluating and assessing the design and manufacturing processes used in electronic product creation.

Jerry came to Design Technologies from Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation (MCC), where he served as Vice President. Prior to joining MCC, Jerry spent several years at Tektronix, and 10 years with N.V. Philips. In addition, Jerry honed his international management skills through five years on location with Philips in Europe. 
Representative Investments


Additech provides a unique at-the-pump marketing and distribution system (proprietary software and hardware) that attaches to gasoline dispensers, adding branded fuel additives into gasoline, resulting in improved gas mileage and better performance. The "Additech System" has electromechanical and computer control technologies that are used to communicate with the customer at the pump, combining the advantages of physical point-of-purchase retailing with real-time interactive marketing technology.

CipherOptics delivers network solutions that are Protecting Data in Motion™, by providing unrivaled security through granular access control and encryption policy, while offering guaranteed data integrity. These solutions deliver robust AES encryption with up to Gigabit wire-speed throughput and virtually no latency, are easy to install and manage, are transparent to the network, and can scale to provide data protection to the largest networks in the world.

AmberWave Systems is an intellectual property (IP) company that develops and commercializes advanced materials technologies that improve the performance of semiconductor devices. AmberWave's first offering, strained silicon, is being used to increase the processing speed of semiconductor devices and/or reduce their power consumption, leading to faster and more powerful microprocessors and longer battery life for mobile devices.

LiquidPiston, Inc. is developing a patented novel internal combustion engine architecture, which is projected to double fuel efficiency and drastically reduce pollutant emissions, compared to existing engines. The LiquidPiston technology is inherently scalable from lawnmowers to locomotives, and can be designed to run on different fuel types (including ethanol, bio-diesel and hydrogen), providing a platform that can compete in any segment of the $250 billion combustion engine market.




About FundingPost
For over Fourteen Years FundingPost has worked with thousands 
of Angel and Venture Capital Investors. We believe that it is 
important to reach investors in every medium possible - 
both online and offline. We have been directly responsible for 
tons of success stories and Millions and Millions of dollars raised.  
We look forward to introducing your company to the leading Venture and Angel Investors nationwide. Sign up now: Entrepreneurs / Investors




Join the FundingPost email list
and learn how, when and where
you can meet these Investors:
















        Other Venture Profiles:

.406 Ventures : Greg Dracon
140 Conference : Jeff Pulver
21 Ventures : David Anthony (deceased)
2x Consumer Products Growth Partners  : Andy Whitman
360 Capital Partners : Francois  Tison
360 Capital Partners : Fausto Boni
360 Capital Partners : Nicolas Carbonari
37 Angels : Toan Huynh
37 Angels : Renee Park
37 Angels : Angela  Lee
37 Angels : Caryn Effron
3i : Ken Hanau
42. Ventures : Ned Stringham
500 Startups : Hasan Haider
500 Startups : Tim Chae
500 Startups : Pankaj Jain
5AM Ventures II : John D. Diekman
645 Ventures : Nnamdi Okike
ABC's Shark Tank & Shark Branding : Daymond  John
ABG Capital : Ron Eggert
Abingworth : Vincent Miles
ABS Capital : Phil Clough
ABS Ventures : Bruns Grayson
Accel Partners : Andrew Braccia
Accelerated Growth Partners : Gerard Roy
Access Venture Partners : David Gold
Acero Capital : Rami Elkhatib
Acorn Ventures : Scott Drum
Activate Venture Partners : Edwin Goodman
Activate Venture Partners : Todd Pietri
Activate Venture Partners : Glen Bressner
Adams Capital Management, Inc. : Jerry S. Sullivan
Adams, Harkness TechVentures : Jay Corscadden
ADT Security Services : Hansell Shook
Advance Ventures : Ephraim Lindenbaum
Advanced Technology Ventures  : Jack Harrington
Advantage Capital Partners : Reid Hutchins
Advantage Capital Partners  : Scott Murphy
Advantage Capital Partners : Tate Garrett
Advantage Capital Partners : Douglas Beekman
Aegis Capital Group : Todd Roberts
Aegis Capital Group : Brett Hickey
Alexander Hutton Venture Partners : Tom Johnston
All Media Ventures : Allan Grafman
Alliance Consumer Growth : Trevor Nelson
Alliance Consumer Growth : Josh Goldin
Alpha Venture Partners : Steve Brotman
Alpha Venture Partners : Brian Smiga
AlphaDev, LLC : Meredith Brown
Altos Ventures : Ho Nam
Altos Ventures : Han Kim
AmCap : Jake Bisenius
AME Cloud Ventures : Jerry Yang
American Equity Fund LLC : Robert Rhodes
American Family Ventures : Dan Reed
American Securities Partners V : David Bard
American Securities Partners V : David L. Cohen
Amplifier Venture Partners : Jonathan Aberman
Amplify Partners : Mike Dauber
Analytics Ventures : Blaise Barrelet
Andreessen Horowitz : Austin Guzman
Andreessen Horowitz : Anu Hariharan
Andreessen Horowitz : Bart Dessaint
Angel Investor : Dr. David W. Rolston Ph.D.
Angel Investor : Roger Babb
Angel Investor : Eduardo Emanuelli
Angel Investor : Derek Walton
Angel Investor : John Ason
Angel Investor : Ray Payne
Angel Investor : Timothy Rueth
Angel Investor : Lisa Anderson
Angel Investor : Gary Ritner
Angel Investor : Daniel Chatelain 
Angel Investor : Robert Zieserl
Angel Investor : Donald Sussis
Angel Investor : John Kenney
Angel Investor : Roberto Machado
Angel Investor : Neil Anderson
Angel Investor : Kevin Ramsier
Angel Investor : Peter Lehrman
Angel Investor : Peter Weiss
Angel Investor : Kevin McGovern
Angel Investor : Kenneth Kousky
Angel Investor : Warren Haber, Jr.
Angel Investor : Terry Cross
Angel Investor : Victor Liu
Angel Investor : Rana Gujral
Angel Investor : Asher Leids
Angel Investor : David Blackledge
Angel Investor : Clifford Tong
Angel Investor : James Sowers
Angel Investor : Larry Rowe
Angel Investor : Ed Dua
Angel Investor : Brad Shoen
Angel Investor : Katherine Glassey
Angel Investor : Bill Orabone
Angel Investor : Ethan Davidoff
Angel Investor : Stephen Bulfer
Angel Investor : Tom Curzon
Angel Investor Forum  : Steve Shwartz
Angel Investor Forum (AIF) : Mary Anne Rooke
Angels of Texas : Arman  Rupani
Antares Capital Corporation : Jonathan Kislak
Anthem Capital Management : Bill Gust
Anthem Capital Management : Ed Spiva
Anthem Venture Partners : Brian Mesic
Applied Ventures, LLC : Annette Finsterbusch
ARC Angel Fund : Michael Kelley
ARC Angel Fund : Joseph Saviano
ARC Angel Fund : Charles Chesler
ARC Angel Fund : Vamsi Sistla
ARC Angel Fund : Vamsi Sistla
ARC Angel Fund : Steve Sinek
ARC Angel Fund : Tom Nicholson
ARC Angel Fund : Jeffrey Finkle
ARC Angel Fund : Jim Nichols
ARC Angel Fund : Christine Tate
Arcapita Ventures : Sebby Kannukkaden
ARCH Venture Partners : Clinton Bybee
ARCH Venture Partners : David Cruikshank
Archangels Investors : Doug Pennington
Arctaris Capital Partners : Andrew Clapp
Argentum Group : Walter Barandiaran
Argentum Private Equity Capital : Chris Leong
Aria Ventures : Jeff Sloan
Aristos Ventures : Felipe  Mendoza
Arizona Angels Investor Network : Dee Harris
Ark Royal Fund : John Craven
Arris Ventures : Mike Stowell
ArrowPath Venture Capital : Rick Friedman
Arrowpath Venture Capital : Morgan Rodd
Arsenal Venture Partners : Patricia Glaza
Artiman Ventures : Tom Dennedy
Artiman Ventures : Tim Wilson
ARTIS Ventures : Stuart Peterson
Artists & Instigators : Wayne Kimmel
Artists and Instigators : Tony Bifano
ARTUITIVE LLC : Arthur Shorin
ASAP Ventures : Jeff Weiss
Ascend Venture Group : Charles Crockett
Ascent Venture Partners : Matt Fates
ASM Resources : Christine Copple
Aspect Ventures : Theresia Gouw
Asset Alliance Corporation : Bruce H. Lipnick
Asset Management Company : Bennett Dubin
AssuredPartners : Jim Henderson
Astor & Black : David B. Schottenstein
Atlas Venture : Adam Friedman
Atlas Venture :  Michael Curtis
Atlas Venture : Nessan Bermingham
Atlas Venture : Michael Gilman
Atlas Venture : Martin Jefson
Atlas Venture : Kevin  Pojasek
Atlas Venture : Vipin Suri
Atlas Venture : Healy Jones
Atlas Venture : Ankit Mahadevia
Atlas Venture : Eddine Saiah
Atrium Capital : George Petracek
August Capital : Eric Carlborg
Austin Technology Incubator : Kurt Faulhaber
Austin Ventures : Ed Olkkola
Austin Ventures : Joe Aragona
Avansis Ventures : Laura Lukaczyk
Avondale Ventures, LLC : Reg Greiner
Aweida Venture Partners : Dr. Harry Ross
Aweida Ventures : Dan Aweida
Axon Ventures : Afif Khoury
Azione Capital : Nicholas Chan
B Capital : Bryan Ciambella
Bachow & Associates Inc. : Paul Bachow
Bain Capital Ventures : Evan Rachlin
Bain Capital Ventures : Paul Zurlo
Balderton Capital : Roberto Bonanzinga
Ballast Point Ventures : Richard Brandewie
Ballast Point Ventures : Drew Graham
Band of Angels : Nicola Corzine 
Band of Angels : Jan Jannink
Band of Angels : Heather Crawford
Battelle Ventures : Tracy S. Warren
Battery Ventures : Ken Lawler
Battery Ventures : David Tabors
Battery Ventures : Murat Bicer
Bay Partners : Salil Deshpande
Bay Partners XI : Stu  Phillips
BayAngels : Roger King
Beacon Angels : William Swiggart
Beckon, Inc. : Jennifer Zeszut
Beechwood Capital : Larry Khan
Bell Holdings Inc.  : Robert Bell
Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Terrence Hicks
Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Jennifer Hartt
Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Mark deGrandpre, Ph.D.
Benchmark Capital : Bill Gurley
Bengur Bryan & Co, Inc : Oz Bengur
Bertram Capital : Jeff Drazan
Bessemer Venture Partners : Kent Bennett
Bessemer Venture Partners : Byron Deeter
Bessemer Venture Partners : Adam Fisher
Bessemer Venture Partners : Justin Label
Best Buy Capital : Mathew Ingle
Beta Fund : Norman Meisner
BEV Capital : David Yarnell
BEV Capital : Marc Singer
Binary Ventures : Christy Harner
Binary Ventures : Steve Nolan
Biogenesis Investment Group : Peter Allison
BioStar Ventures : Renee Masi
Birchmere Ventures : Sean Ammirati
BitSpeed  : Eric Shuss
Blackbird Ventures : Niki Scevak
Blackbird Ventures : Rick Baker
Blackbird Ventures : Bill Bartee
Blackbird Ventures : Barbara Bry
Blackstone Advisory Partners : Martin Alderson Smith
Blade Ventures : Craig Gunther
Bloomberg Ventures : Matt Turck
Blue Point Capital Partners : James Marra
Blue Seed Capital : J J Kasper
Blue Sunsets : Ed McLaughlin
Blue Water Capital : Kim Cooke
Blueprint Ventures : Ashley Read
Blueprint Ventures : Bart Schachter
BlueRun Ventures : John Malloy
Bluestein & Associates : Andrew Bluestein
BlueWater Angels : Chris Moultrup
Blumberg Capital : Dr. Charles Popper
Blumberg Capital : Jon Sobgerg
Blumberg Capital : Vishal Arora
Bonial International Group : Christian Gaiser
Boost VC : Adam Draper
Borland Capital Group : Scott Kurland
Boston Harbor Angels : William McPhee
Boston Harbor Angels : Mic Williams
Boston Millennia Partners : Bradford Callow
Boston Seed Capital : Peter  Blacklow
Boston Seed Capital : Dave Balter
Boston Seed Capital : Nicole M. Stata
Boyne Captial Partners LLC : Derek A.  McDowell
BR Venture Fund : Rhett Weiss
BR Venture Fund : Aaron Holiday
Bradmer Foods : Adam Borden
Brand Building Ventures : Parker Gilbert
Brand Foundry Ventures : Sumeet Shah
Brook Venture Partners : Andrew Clapp
Brook Venture Partners (Federal Street Capital) : Chip Purrington III
Brookside Mezzanine Partners : David Buttolph
Brynwood Partners : Joan McCabe
Bull City Venture Partners : Jason Caplain
Bull City Venture Partners : David Jones
Burrill & Company : Giovanni Ferrara
Burrill & Company : John Hamer
Business Insider : Henry Blodget
Caerus Ventures : Zachary Cherry
Caerus Ventures : Gregory Borchardt
California Capital Partners : John Nelson
California Clean Energy Fund : Nancy Pfund
Camp One Ventures : Hartman King
Canaan Partners : Deepak Kamra
Canaan Partners : Warren Lee
Canaan Partners : Daniel Ciporin
Canal Partners : Patrick Armstrong
Canal Partners : Todd Belfer
Canary Ventures : Alex Goldberg
Capital A Partners : David Mendez
Capital A Partners : Tanya Marvin-Horowitz
Capital Factory : Andrew Busey
Capital Growth : Valerie Gaydos
CapitalSouth Partners : David Reed
Cardinal Partners : Brandon Hull
Cargile Group : Miriam Eaves
Carlyle Venture Partners : Paulina Rychenkova
Carmel Ventures : Shlomo Dovrat
Carousel Capital : William T. Hobbs II
Cascadia Capital : Michael Butler
Cascadia Capital  : Kevin Cable
Castile Ventures : Roger Walton
Castile Ventures : Skip Besthoff
Catalyst Partnership : Ted Dzialowski
Cava Capital : Geoff Schneider
CCMP Capital Investors II : Greg Brenneman
CDS International Holdings  : Gary Truitt
Centripetal Capital Partner : Jeff Brodlieb
Centripetal Capital Partners : Steven Crust
Charles River Ventures : Izhar Armony
Chart Venture Partners : Michael Wu
CID Capital : John C. Aplin
CID Capital  : Rajesh Pai
Claremont Creek Venture : Nat Goldhaber
Clean Pacific Ventures : Sean Schickedanz
Clearpoint Ventures : Oliver Guinness
Cloud Bees : Sacha Labourey
CloudVelox : Anand Iyengar
CLSA Capital Partners - Pacific Transport : Teddy Tsai
ClusterHQ : Luke Marsden
CMEA Capital : Erik Sebusch
Coast Ventures, LLC : Bob Welch
Coca Cola : John Brock
CodeHS : Jeremy Keeshin
COLU : David Ring
Comcast Interactive Capital Group : Julian A. Brodsky
Comcast Ventures : Frances Schwiep
Comcast Ventures : Sam Schwartz
Commonwealth Capital Ventures : Jeffrey Hurst
Compass Technology Partners  : David  Arscott
Compuware Ventures : Tim Fisher
Conceivian : Saqib Rasool
Connecticut Innovations : Kevin Crowley
Connecticut Innovations : Peter Longo
Connecticut Innovations : Patrick O'Neill
Connecticut Innovations : Douglas Roth
Connecticut Innovations : Maneesh Sagar
Conscious Venture Lab : Jeff Cherry
Contour Venture Partners : Matt Gorin
Contour Venture Partners : Bob Greene
CoPhilly : Kevin Provost
Core Capital Partners : Grant Allen
Core Capital Partners : Jonathan Silver
Core Capital Partners : Jagtar Narula
Core Capital Partners : Mark Levine
Corigin Ventures : David Goldberg
Corigin Ventures : Jason Shuman
Cornerstone Angels : Michael Gruber
Corporate Angels : Ronald Thompson
Court Square Ventures : Randy Castleman
Coventure : Ali Hamed
CoVenture : Michael Beller
Covera Ventures : Steve Coffey
Cowboy Ventures : Aileen Lee
Cowboy Ventures : Noah Lichtenstein
Cowtown Angels : Jorge Varela
Credo Ventures : Jaroslav Trojan
Crescent Ridge Partners : Allison Long Pettine
Crestlight : Jens Horstmann
Cross Atlantic Capital Partners  : Richard Fox
Cross Atlantic Capital Partners : Carter Caldwell
Cross Atlantic Capital Partners : Rahul Singh
Cross Valley Capital : Rajat Joshi
Crossbar Capital : Charlie Federman
Crossbow Ventures Inc. : Ravi Ugale
Crosslink Capital : Eric Chin
Crowded.com : Howard Schwartz
CTI Life Sciences : Ken  Pastor
CTI Life Sciences : Shermaine Tilley
D. E. Shaw Ventures : Paul Longhenry
DAG Ventures : John Cadeddu
Daher Ventures : Michael Cichowski
Daher Ventures : Michel Daher
Dakota Ventures : Patricia Meagher
DAN Fund : Sammy  Abdullah
Darby Technology Ventures : Jonathan Whittle
Davis, Tuttle Venture Partners : Philip Tuttle
DBL Partners : Cynthia Ringo
DBL Partners : Nancy Pfund
DCA Capital Partners : Dusty Wunderlich
DCM Ventures : Carl Amdahl
Delaware Crossing Investor Group : Elizabeth Sigety
Delaware Crossing Investor Group : Loren Danzis
Delivery Hero : Niklas Ostberg
Dell : Michael  Dell
Delta-v Capital : Rand Lewis
Desert Angels : Curtis Gunn
Detroit Venture Partners : Jake Cohen
Deutsche Telekom : Andreas Wuerfel
DEV - Digital Entertainment Ventures : Alan McGlade
DFJ Frontier : Scott Lenet
DFJ Frontier : Selina Troesch
DFJ Frontier : Jon Bassett
Diamondhead Ventures : Peter Wolken
Direct Ventures, Inc. : Greg Verdino
DiversyFund : Craig Cecilio
Dizzion : Manny Ladis
DLF Capital : Brad Greenwald
DN Capital : Nenad Marovac
DN Capital : Tom Bradley
DN Capital : Steve Schlenker
Dojo : Robin Shimmin
Dolby Family Ventures : Pascal Levensohn
Dolphin Equity Partners : Richard Brekka
Dolphin Equity Partners : Salvatore Tirabassi
Domain Associates LLC : James Blair
Dominion Group : Jack BeVier
Double M Capital : Mark Mullen
Draper Associates : Joel Yarmon
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Ravi Belani
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Bill Bryant
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Don Wood
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Josh Stein
Draper Fisher Jurvetson (DFJ) : Tim Draper
Draper Fisher Jurvetson Gotham Ventures : Ross Goldstein
Draper Fisher Jurvetson Gotham Ventures (DFJG) : Daniel Schultz
Draper Triangle Ventures : Jay Katarincic
DreamIt Ventures : Karen Griffith Gryga
Dreamit Ventures : Steve Barsh
DreamIt Ventures : Kerry Rupp
DreamIt Ventures : Steve Welch
Dreamit Ventures : Mark Wachen
Driftwood Investments LLC : Beau Buck
Eastman Kodak Company : Julie Gerstenberger
Easton Capital Investment Group : John Friedman
Ecentury Capital Partners : Marsh Marshall
Edelson Technology Partners : Harry Edelson
Edison Nation : Gregg Smith
Edison Nation Medical : Kenneth Paulus
Edison Partner : Jordy Albert
Edison Partner : Christopher  Sugden
Edison Venture Fund : Doug Petillo
Edison Venture Fund : Gary Golding
Edison Venture Fund : Lenard Marcus
Edison Venture Fund : Ryan Ziegler
Edison Venture Fund : Michael Balmuth
Edison Venture Fund : John Martinson
Edison Venture Fund : David Nevas
Edison Venture Fund : Michael Kopelman
Edison Venture Fund : Sever Totia
Edison Venture Fund : Chris Sugden
Egan-Managed Capital : Travis Connors
Egan-Managed Capital : Alex Gregory
EGL Ventures : Salvatore Massaro
El Dorado Ventures : Charles Beeler
Ele.me : Xuhao Zhang
Elevate Innovation Partners : Slater Chityala
Elevate Innovation Partners & Vedas Group : Sridhar Chityala
Elevate Ventures : Stephen Hourigan
Elm Street Ventures : Adrian Horotan
Elm Street Ventures : Rob Bettigole
Elmcore Investment Advisors : Felix Danciu
Emerald Stage2 Ventures : Bruce Luehrs
Emergence Capital Partners : Gordon Ritter
Empire Angels : Christina Bechhold
Endeavor Capital : Anthony Buffa
Energy Funders : Philip Racusin
EnerTech Capital : Dean Sciorillo
Eniac Ventures : Nihal Mehta
Entrepreneuria : Dominic Marrocco
Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator : Murat Aktihanoglu
EOPP fund : Tim Kelley
EPIC Ventures : Nick  Efstratis
Evergreen Pacific Partners : Timothy D. Bernardez
EverSpin Technologies : Phill LoPresti
Excel Medical Ventures : Rick Blume
Excelerate Health Ventures : Gary Abrahams
Executive Forum Angels : Kathleen Murray
Expa : Garrett Camp
Expansion Capital Partners, LLC : Kjartan Jansen
Eyes of Texas Partners : Eric Werner
FA Technology Ventures : John Cococcia
FA Technology Ventures : Greg Hulecki
Falcon Partners, LLC : Michael J. Riccio, Jr.
Faststart Studio : Michael Sawitz
Felicis Venture : Aydin Senkut
Felicis Venture : Renata Streit Quintini
Felicis Venture : Wesley Chan
ff Venture Capital : John Frankel
ff Venture Capital : Alex Katz, JD CPA
ff Venture Capital : Michael Yavonditte
ff Venture Capital : Ryan Armbrust
ff Venture Capital : David Teten
FilterEasy : Kevin Barry
Finistere Ventures : Paul Zorner
Finistere Ventures : Jerry Caulder
Finistere Ventures : Arama Kukutai
Fireman Capital Partners : Liam Patrick
First Analysis Venture Capital : Jim Macdonald 
First Beverage Group : William S. Anderson
First Mark Capital : Chris Ahearn
First Mark Capital : Tasso Argyros
First Mark Capital : Josh Abramson
First Mark Capital : Joseph Essas
First Round Capital : Phin Barnes
First Round Capital : Chris Fralic
First Round Capital (and NY Angels) : Howard Morgan
FirstMark Capital  : Sutian Dong
FirstMark Capital : Amish Jani
FirstMark Capital : Paul Cianciolo
FirstMark Capital : Heekyung Kim
FirstMark Capital : Rick Heitzmann
FirstMark Capital (formerly Pequot Ventures) : Divya Gugnani
Flatiron Investors : Laurel Touby
FLOODGATE : Mike Maples
Fluke Venture Partners : Dennis P. Weston
Flybridge Capital Partners : Michael Greeley
Flybridge Capital Partners : Jesse Middleton
Flybridge Capital Partners : Matthew Witheiler
Flybridge Partners : Chip Hazard
Flyover Capital : Tim Foote
Flywheel Ventures : Scott Caruso
Food Future : Shen Tong
Food X : Joe Foxton
Food X : Chris Stueart
Foodshed Investors NY : Derek Denckla
Forerunner Ventures : Kirsten Green
Forerunner Ventures : Eurie Kim
Formative Ventures : Clint Chao
Forte Ventures : Tom Hawkins
Forward Accelerator : Jack Porter
Forward Ventures : Stan Fleming
Foundation Capital : Charles Moldow
Foundation Capital : Bill Elmore
Foundation Capital : Steve Vassallo
Foundation Capital : Paul Holland
Founder VC : David  Lane
Founders Fund : Lauren Gross
Founders Fund : Geoff Lewis
Founders Fund : Scott Nolan
Fountain Partners : Tom Carter
FP Angels : Kenneth Huynh
FP Angels : Stephen Silver
FP Angels and Fundamental Financial : Tim Haddock
Francisco Partners : Dipanjan Deb
Frank N. Magid Associates : Mike Vorhaus
Fresh Tracks Capital : Lee Bouyea
Frog Capital :  Mike Reid	
Frontier Equities Venture Capital : Marit Molin
FTVentures : Liron Gitig
FundingPost.com : Yuriy Porytko
Fung Capital : Janie Yu
FuturePerfect Ventures : Jalak Jobanputra
G.C. Andersen Partners, LLC  : Thomas Blum
G20 Ventures : Bill Wiberg
Gabriel Investments : Holly Flanagan
Gabriel Venture Partners : Scott Chou
Galen Partners : Zubeen Shroff
Gambit Ventures : Keith Petri
Garage Technology Ventures : Guy Kawasaki
Gastronome Ventures : Douglas Raggio
GE Ventures : Iana Dimkova
Geekdom Fund : Cole Wollak
Gefinor Ventures  : Greg Carlisle
Gemini Israel Ventures : Menashe Ezra
Gemini Israel Ventures : Yossi Sela
Gemini Israel Ventures : Eran Wagner
Genacast Ventures : David Horowitz
Genacast Ventures : Gil Beyda
General Catalyst Partners : Kevin Colleran
General Catalyst Partners : Larry Bohn
General Mills Ventures : Amol Dixit
General Mills Ventures : Meredith Schwarz
Gera Venture Capital : Duda Falcao
Gibraltar Ventures : Cam Di Prata
Gilt Groupe : Kevin Ryan
Global Entrepreneurship Program : Caron De Mars
Global Founders Capital : Oliver Samwer
GlobalTech Ventures : Thomas Bonetti
Globespan Capital Partners : Dave Fachetti
Golden Gate Capital : David Dominik
Golden Seeds : Anne Shehab
Golden Seeds : Rob Delman
Golden Seeds : Stephanie Hanbury-Brown
Golden Seeds : Peggy Wallace
Golden Seeds : Loretta McCarthy
GoodCompany Ventures : David Famolari
Google Ventures : Rich Miner
Graham Partners : Paul Nolen
Grand Central Holdings : Gregory Belmont
Grande Ventures : Gregory Denicola
Granite Ventures : Chris Mckay
Granite Ventures : Chris Hollenbeck
Gray Ghost Ventures : Margaret Yuan
Grayhawk Capital : Sherman Chu
Greenberg Traurig : Victor Semah
Greenberg Traurig : Victor Semah
Greenberg Traurig : Jaret Davis
Greenberg Traurig : Craig Lilly
Greenhill SAVP : James B.  Lockhart
Greenspring Associates : Ashton Newhall
Greycroft Partners : Dana Settle
Greycroft Partners : Ian Sigalow
Greycroft Partners : Alan Patricof
Greycroft Partners : Kamran Ansari
Greycroft Partners : Jon Goldman
Greylock Partners : Josh Elman
Greylock Partners : Joseph Ansanelli
Grotech Ventures : Joseph Zell
Grotech Ventures : Steve Fredrick
Grotech Ventures : Wagish Bhartiya
Grotech Ventures : Don Rainey
Grow VC Group : Jouko Ahvenainen
Growth Capital Partners : John McNabb, II
GrowthX : Will Bunker
GSV Capital : Michael Moe
GT Greenberg Traurig : Michelle Rowe Hallsten
Guggenheim Venture Partners : Darren Wallis
Guggenheim Venture Partners : Debbie Gelb
Guide Ventures : Jim Thornton
GulfStar Group : W. Clifford Atherton Jr., Ph.D., CFA
H.I.G. Capital Partners IV : Sami Mnaymneh
H.I.G. Ventures : John Kim
Halifax Capital Partners II : David Dupree
Hambrecht Geneva Ventures : Igor Sill
Hamilton Investment Partners, LLC  : Marc Cole
Hamilton Investment Partners, LLC : Brian Fenty
Hangar Ventures : Jason Story
Harbert Venture Partners II : Wayne L. Hunter
HarbourVest Partners, LLC : Peter Lipson
Hartford Ventures : Rohit Bodas
Hatteras Venture Partners : Christy Shaffer
Haug Capital Partners  : John Vogus 
HBS Alumni Angels NY : Lockie Andrews
HBS Angels : Peter Boutros
HBS Angels : Jason Klein
HealthCare Ventures : John Littlechild
Hera-Labs : Silvia Mah
Hercules Technology Growth Capital : Todd Jaquez-Fissori
Heritage Equity Partners / Gotham Angels : Toby Moskovits
Heron Capital : Michael Shepard
Hewlett Packard : Shaw Zhang
HG Capital : Henry J.H. Bandet
High Peaks Venture Partners : Rahul Gandhi
High Peaks Venture Partners : Mark Peter Davis
Highland Capital Partners : Maeve O'Meara
Highland Capital Partners : Peter Bell
Highland Capital Partners : Faisal Ahmad
Highland Capital Partners : Alexander Taussig
Hillcrest Venture Partners : Darin Chen
Hitachi Business Finance : Mike Semanco
HO2 Partners : Charles Humphreyson
Holtzbrinck Ventures : Dr. Lars Langusch
Holtzbrinck Ventures : Christoph Jung
Holtzbrinck Ventures : Sven Achter
Honda Strategic Venturing : Paul Cummings
Horizon Ventures : John Hall
Horizons Ventures : Jack Carsten
Hot Ventures : Rick Gibson
Houston Angel Network : Richard Scruggs
Houston Angel Network HAN : Jeff Harder
Houston Health Ventures : David  Franklin
Houston Technology Center : Nick  Tillmann
Houston Technology Center (HTC) : Charles  Wohl
Hoxton Ventures : Dylan Collins
Hudson Ventures : Jay Goldberg
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Mark  Gorenberg
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Ann Winblad
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Lars Leckie
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Prashant Shah
Hunt Ventures : Chris Kleinert
Hunt Ventures : Dan Klein
Huron Capital Partners : Brian A. Demkowicz
Hyde Park Angels : RH Bailin
Hyde Park Angels : Jeffrey Carter
Hydra Ventures : Tom Montgomery
IBM Venture Capital Group : Matthew Denesuk, PH.D.
iC2 Institute, Austin Technology Incubator : Bart Bohn
Icon Ventures : Thomas Mawhinney
Icon Ventures : Michael Mullany
iD Innovation : Charles Pan
iD Ventures America, LLC : Roger  Liao  
IDG Capital Partners : Alexandre Quirici
IDG Ventures : Paul Ferrell
IDG Ventures SF : Patrick Kenealy
Idinvest Partners : Benoist Grossmann
Idinvest Partners : Christophe Baviere
IDT Ventures : Adam Farber
IDT Ventures : Nathan Baruch
iGlobe Partners : Philip Yeo
Ignite Venture Partners  : Landon Pollack
Ignition Partners : Jon Anderson
i-Hatch Ventures : Brad Farkas
i-Hatch Ventures  : Chip Austin
IMS Ventures : Yale Brown
INC3 Ventures, LLC : Dhimant Bhayani
Incubate Miami : Marc Billings
Independence Equity : Donald Sackman
Index Ventures : Ben Holmes
Index Ventures : Jan  Hammer
Industry Ventures : Hans Swildens
Infinity Venture Capital Fund : Ken Rind
Inflection Point Ventures : Jeff Davison
Innovation Garden : Scott Sipprelle
Innovation Ventures : David J. Freschman
Innovative Food Holdings : Sam Klepfish
iNovia Capital : John Elton
Insight Venture Partners : Jeff Lieberman
Insight Venture Partners : Jeff Horing
Insight Venture Partners : Nikitas Koutoupes
Insight Venture Partners : Michael Triplett
inSITE : Manoj Jonna
Institutional Venture Partners : Todd Chaffee
Integra Ventures : Joseph Piper
Intel Capital : Charles Scott
Intel Capital  : Sita Vasan
Intel Capital : Sanjit Dang
International Venture Fund : Debra Guerin Beresini
International Venture Fund : Kirk Westbrook
Internet Capital Group : Bertrand Navarrete
Intersouth Partners : David Pierson
Interwest Partners : Bruce Cleveland
InterWest Partners : Khaled Nasr
InterWest Partners : Doug Pepper
Inverness Graham Investments : Scott Kehoe
Inverness Graham Investments : Michael Morrissey
Inverness Graham Investments : Kenneth Graham
Investors Colaborative : Brad Kayton
Iora Health : Rushika Fernandopulle
Ironside Ventures : Stephen Brackett
Ironwood Capital : Victor Budnick
ITJ Ventures : Hugh Cullman
Javelin Ventures : Jed Katz
Jeff Weber Ventures : Jeffrey Weber
Jefferson Capital Partners : William J. Harper
JEGI Capital : Roger Krakoff
Jersey Angels : Eric Greenberg
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Kobi Rozengarten
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Gadi Tirosh
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Raffi Kesten
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Erel N. Margalit
Jina Ventures Inc : Ron Shah
JMI Equity : Jennifer Ding
JumpStart New Jersey Angel Network : Katherine O'Neill
K2 Labs : Christian Brucculeri
K5 Venture Partners : Stephen Block
Kapor Capital : Mitchell Kapor
Karter Capital Advisors : Liddy Karter
KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp. III : Marlene Krauss, M.D.
KBS Ventures : Josh Engroff
Kedge Ventures : Kumar S. Sripadam
Keiretsu Forum : Larry Chaityn
Keiretsu Forum : Harry Lee
Keiretsu Forum : Todd Dean
Keiretsu Forum : Ira Wallace
Keiretsu Forum : Fred Gumbinner
Kestrel Asset Management : Michael Kane
Khosla Ventures : Benjamin Ling
Kibo Ventures : Jose Maria Amusategui
Kibo Ventures : Javier Torremocha
Kibo Ventures : Aquilino Pena
Kingdom Venture Partners : Robert Moss
Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers : Russell Siegelman
Klifer Capital : Sachin Jade
Knight Foundation : Benoit Wirz
Korea Technology Investment Corp. : Sookja Han-You
Kraft Group : Robert K. Kraft
La Costa Investment Group : Navid Alipour
Labrador Ventures : Sean Foote
Labrador Ventures : Larry Kubal
Laconia Capital Group : David Arcara
Las Olas Venture Capital : Mark Volchek
LaSalle Investments : Bob Geras
Lattice Ventures : Brittany Gorevic
Launch Capital : Konstantine Drakonakis
Launch Capital LLC : Elon Boms
LaunchCapital : Dave Shen
Launchpad Venture Group : Glenn Champagne
Lazard Technology Partners : Kevin Burns
Lead Dog Ventures : John Landry
Leaf Clean Energy : Matthew Fedors
Legend Capital : Zhu Linan
Legend Ventures : Todd Klein
Lerer Hippeau Ventures : Eric Hippeau
Lerer Hippeau Ventures : Kenneth Lerer
Lerer Hippeau Ventures : Ben Lerer
LFE Capital  : Ron Leaf
Liberati Corporation : John Liberati
Liberati Corporation : Maria Liberati
Liberty City Ventures : Dorothy Jean Chang
Liberty Venture Partners : Thomas Morse
LightSpeed Venture Partners : Will Kohler
Lightspeed Venture Partners : Andrew Moley
Lightyear Capital : Donald Marron
Lightyear Capital : Michael Doppelt
Lightyear Capital : Chris Casciato
Linden Capital Partners : Brian C. Miller
Liquid Capital Group : Randy Domolky
Liquidity Works : Kyle Harris
Lizhi : Yang Zhou
LLR Partners : Tim Foster
LLR Partners : David Reuter
Lobodos Ventures : Michael Wolf
Lone Star New Markets : Arthur Hollingsworth
Longworth Venture Partners : Nilanjana Bhowmik
Longworth Venture Partners : John Lawrence
LORE ASSOCIATES   : John Patberg
Loup Ventures : Doug Clinton
LunaCap Ventures : Paul Capon
Lux Capital : Peter Hebert
Macomb-OU INC : Mike Brennan
Madrona Venture Group : Tom  Alberg
Mangrove Capital : Mark Tluszcz
Marlin Equity Partners II : David Mcgovern
Maryland TEDCO : Robert Rosenbaum
Mashable : Pete Cashmore
Massachusetts Clean Energy Center : Arif Padaria
MassCatalyst  : Bobby  Katoli
Masthead Venture Partners : Daniel Flatley
Matrix Capital : Michael C. Morrison
Matrix Partners : Chris Kelly
Matrix Partners China : David Zhang
Maverick Angels : Ravindra Kondagunta
MAVN Funding : Stephen Silver
Mayfield Fund : John Stockton
McCarter English  : David J Sorin
McCown De Leeuw & Co. : Bob Hellman
MCI Management : Tomasz Czechowicz
MCI Management : Cezary Smorszczewski
Medina Capital : Manuel D. Medina
MedVenture Associates : Jan Barker
Meidlinger Partners : Kevin Brophy
Meidlinger Partners : Tami Fratis
Mellanox Capital : Nimrod Gindi
Menlo Ventures : Douglas C. Carlisle
Menlo Ventures : Sonja Hoel Perkins
Mercury Fund : Blair Garrou
Meridian Management Group, Inc.  : Catherine Lockhart
Meridian Venture Partners : Thomas Penn
Meritech Capital Partners : George Bischof
Meritech Capital Partners : Mike Gordon
Mesa Ventures : Andrew Montgomery
Meta : Ben Sand
Metamorphic Ventures : Brandon Buchanan
Metamorphic Ventures : David Hirsch
Metamorphic Ventures : Marc Michel
Metis Group : Shannon Lopez
MI-12 Ventures, LLC : Joseph Hackett
Miami Innovation Fund : Steve Repetti
Miami Innovation Fund : Ricardo Weisz
Miami Innovation Fund : Rajat Joshi
Michigan Funders : David Tessler
Michigan Funders : Niles Heron
Microsoft Ventures : Priya Saiprasad
Mid Atlantic Bio Angels : Yaniv Sneor
Mid-Atlantic Venture Association : Kimberly Weir
Middlebury Venture Partners : Robert P. Mahoney 
Milestone Venture Partners : Alan S. Kelley
Milestone Venture Partners : Richard Dumler
Millennium Technology Value Partners  : Daniel Burstein
Millennium Technology Ventures, LP : Dan Borok
Minority Angel Investor Network : Sushma Rajagopalan
Mission OG : Andy Newcomb
MobDog : Sean Anderson
Mobility Ventures : David Sym-Smith
Mobility Ventures : Roman Kikta
Mohn Davidow Ventures : Pamela Mahoney
Mohr Davidow Ventures : Sven Strohband
Money Dashboard : Gavin Littlejohn
Montage Ventures : Todd  Kimmel
Montagu Newhall Associates : Patrick A. Cairns
Montlake Capital : Rob Wiltbank
Monument Advisors, Inc. : Larry Wechter
Monumental Venture Partners : Roland Oliver
Moore Venture Partners : Terry W.  Moore
Mosley Ventures : Sig Mosley
Motorola Solutions Venture Capital : Reese Schroeder
Motorola Ventures : Code Cubbit
Mountaineer Capital : Patrick Bond
MPB Investment : Matthew P.  Barach  
Murphree Venture Partners : Dennis Murphree
MVM Life Science Partners : Bosun Hau
MVP Capital Partners : Thomas Penn
Nanostart Investments : Michael Flach
NAV Fund : Jose Ferreira
NAV Fund : Scott Johnson
NEA - New Enterprise Associates : Justin Klein, MD, JD
NEA - New Enterprise Associates : Peter Barris
NeoCarta Ventures : Paul Hsu
NetworkingPhoenix : Gelie Akhenblit
New Atlantic Ventures (NAV) : Thanasis Delistathis
New Atlantic Ventures (NAV) : John Backus
New Atlantic Ventures (NAV) : Todd Hixon
New Markets Venture Partners : Robb Doub
New Vantage Group : John May
New World Angels : Jonathan Cole
New World Angels : Doug Gluck
New World Angels : Franc Nemanic
New World Angels : Rhys Williams
New World Ventures : Jeffrey Maters
New York Angels : Brian Cohen
New York Angels : Angel Investing Group
New York Angels : Bob Gailus
New York Angels : Alain Bankier
New York Angels : Chris Saxman
New York Angels : Paul Sciabica
New York Angels : Mark Schneider
New York Angels : Jeffrey Seltzer
New York City Investment Fund : Maria Gotsch
New York Life Ventures : Robert Hayden
New York Venture Partners : Trace Cohen
NewGen Venture Partners : Lu Zhang
Newlight  Associates : Doug Miscoll
Newlight Associates : Robert Brill
NewSpring Capital : Glenn T. Rieger
NewSpring Capital : Adam VeVerka
Next World Capital : Craig Hanson
Next World Capital : Tom Rikert
Next World Capital : Sebastien Lepinard
Next World Capital : Ben Fu
next47 : Ravi Mulugu
NextSeed : Abe Chu
NextStage Capital : Terry Williams
NextStage LLC : John Belizaire
NGP Energy Technology Partners   : Philip Deutch
NJTC Venture Fund : Phillip Chan
NJTC Venture Fund : Joe Falkstein
NJTC Venture Fund : Jim Guntun
Nokia : Hitesh Anand
Noro-Moseley Partners : Kathy Harris
North Bay Equity Partners : Matthew E. Cole
North Bridge Venture Partners : Ed Anderson
North Bridge Venture Partners  : Edward Anderson
North Bridge Venture Partners : Rich D'Amore
North Bridge Venture Partners : Ric Fulop
North Coast : Lindsay Aspegren
North Sea Ventures : Robert Wilson
Northgate Capital : Alfredo Alfaro
Northgate Capital : Hosein Khajeh
Northgate Capital : Thomas Vardell
Northgate Capital : Brent Jones
Northgate Capital : Alnoor  Ramji
Northwest Quadrant Ventures : Bryant Hayward
Northwest Venture Associates : Tom Simpson
Norwest Venture Partners : Robert Abbott
Norwest Venture Partners : Lisa Wu
Norwest Venture Partners : Joshua Goldman
Norwest Venture Partners : Sergio Monsalve
Novak Biddle Venture Partners : Janet Yang
Novak Biddle Venture Partners : Prashanth Boccasam
Novak Biddle Venture Partners : Sean Glass
Novitas Capital : Scott Nissenbaum
NYC Investment Fund : Marsha Yuan
NYC Seed : Owen Davis
NYU Innovation Venture Fund : Frank Rimalovski
OMERS Ventures : Jim Balsillie
OmniCapital Group : David Stahl
One Equity Partners   : Ethan Ayer
One Match Ventures : Sky Fernandes
ONSET Ventures : Raman Khanna
Open Prairie Ventures : Steve Griffin
Open Prairie Ventures : Jim Schultz
OpenView Partners : Scott Maxwell
OpenView Partners : Amanda Maksymiw
OpenView Venture Partners : George Roberts
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Jonathan T. Silverstein
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Carl L. Gordon
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Sven H. Borho
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Samuel D. Isaly
Oregon Angel Fund (OAF) : Scott Sandler
Organic Startup : Scott Sangster
Originate Ventures : Matt Bieber
Osage University Partners : David Drahms
Osage University Partners : Nate Lentz
Osage University Partners : Michael Phelan
Osage Venture Partners : David Drahms
Osage Venture Partners : Robert Adelson
Osage Venture Partners : Sean Dowling
Ovation Capital : Todd Squilanti
OVP Venture Partners : Gerry Langeler
OVP Venture Partners : Lucinda Stewart
OVP Venture Partners : Charles Waite
OVP Venture Partners : Bill Funcannon
Oxford Bioscience Partners : Christopher Kim, Ph.D.
PA Early Stage : Guy Winters, Jr.
PA Early Stage Partners : Paul Schmidt
Pacesetter Capital Group : Divakar  Kamath
Pacific Horizon Ventures : Donald Elmer
Pacific Southwest Ventures : Craig Ballard
Pacific West Land, LLC : Martin A. Stever
Pacifica Fund : Himanshu Choksi
Paladin Capital : Mike Steed
Paladin Capital Group : Hannah Clifford
Paladin Capital Group : William Reinisch
Paladin Partners : Janis Machala
Palm Ventures : Harold Levy
PalmStar Media Capital : Michael Bassick
Palo Alto Venture Partners : Neil Weintraut
Palomar Ventures : Kevin Jacques
Panacea Capital Advisors : Sam Rubenstein
Pantegrion Capital : Alicia Syrett
Pantegrion Capital : Alicia Syrett
Paperboy Ventures : Jaime J. Lewis
Pappas Ventures  : Art Pappas
Partech International : Tom McKinley
Partech International : Philippe Cases
Partnership for New York City  : Mark Thompson
Pasadena Angels : Steve Slater
Pasadena Angels : Louis Dienes
Peachtree Equity Partners : Andy Rose
Peachtree Equity Partners : John McCarty
Peate Ventures : John Peate
Pebble Creek Partners : Dave Galanis
Pelion Venture Partners : Ben Dahl
Pelion Venture Partners : Carl Ledbetter
Penny Black : Eliot T. Durbin
Perfect Pages : Dan Settgast
Phabriq Development : Scott Edward McIntyre
Phenomenelle Angels Fund, 1, LP : Lauren Flanagan
Piedmont Angel Network : Lou Anne Flanders-Stec
Pitango Venture Capital : Bruce Crocker
Pivot Investment Partners : Dinkar Jetley
Playbook Inc : Chris Uhrig
Plus Eight Equity Partners : Rishi Patel
Point One Percent : Elijah Duckworth-Schachter
Polaris Partner : Pat Kinsel
Polaris Partner : John Gannon
Polaris Partner : Alan Crane
Polaris Partner : Brian Chee
Polaris Partner : Noel Ruane
Polaris Partner : Gary Swart
Polaris Partner : Jason Trevisan
Polaris Partner : Amy Schulman
Polaris Partner : Peter Flint
Polaris Partner : Dave Barrett
Polaris Venture Partners : Kevin Bitterman
Pond Venture Partners : Richard Irving
Portland Seed Fund : Angela Jackson
Portview Communications Partners : Robin Hacke
Portview Communications Partners : Sandy Roskes
powerHouse : Dr. Stephen Hampson
Practo Technologies : Shashank ND
Precision Ventures : Josh Wiesman
Presidio Venture Capital  : John  Frazier
Presidio Ventures : Ross Leav
PriceMatch : Khalid  El Guitti
Prigel Capital, LLC : Kevin Prigel
Prism Venture Partners : John Brooks
Pritzker Group VC : J.B. Pritzker
Privatas Equity Holdings LLC : E. Boyan Josic
Promettre International Ventures, Inc. : P. Stan Keith
Propeller Investments : Andrew Morgan
Propeller.vc : Jason  Kaminsky
Propeller.vc : Jason  Kaminsky
PropFunds LP : Jim  Aldrich
Prosper Marketplace : Ron Suber
Psilos : Jeffrey M. Krauss
Pyramid Technology Ventures : Alexander Rhea
QED Investors : Nigel Morris
Qualcomm Ventures : Gil Demeter
Qualcomm Ventures : Albert Wang
Questmark Partners : Michael Leidesdorff
Quixey : Liron Shapira
Quotidian Ventures : Demian Bellumio
RAA Ventures : Henry Wu
RAA Ventures : Robert Afshar
Radius Ventures : Jordan Davis
Raise : George Bousis
Rakesh Agrawal, SnapStream Founder & Investor : Rakesh Agrawal
Ramsey Financial Group : Meagan  Crawford
Raptor Ventures : Harry DeMott
RealCrowd : Adam Hooper
Recursive Ventures : Itamar Novick
Red and Blue Ventures : Brett Topche
Red Bear Angels : Meghan Cross
Red Giraffe Advisors : Sapna Shah
Red Rock Ventures : Laura Brege
Red Ventures : Abhishek Ratani
Redpoint Ventures : Allen Beasley
RedShift Ventures : Ransom Parker
Redstone Business Holdings, LLC : Jason Jimenez
Relay Ventures : John Occhipinti
Relay Ventures : Alex Baker
Renovus Capital Partners : Brad Whitman
Republic : Kendrick Nguyen
Research Valley Funds : James Lancaster
Resonant Venture Capital : Michael Godwin
Rethink Education : Matt Greenfield
Revelry Brands : Brendan Synnott
Revelstoke Capital Partners : Mark M. King
Reynolds & Company Venture Partners LLC : Andrew Reynolds
Rho Ventures : Ben Terk
Rho Ventures : Medha Vedaprakash
Rho Ventures : Habib Kairouz
Ridgewood Capital : Lou Mazzucchelli
Ripple Labs : Chris Larsen
Rittenhouse Ventures : Saul Richter
Riverwood Capital : Michael Marks
Robert Bosch Venture Capital GmbH : Dr. Markus Thill
Robin Hood Ventures : Maria Maccecchini
Robin Hood Ventures : Tom Olenzak
Robin Hood Ventures : Ellen Weber
Robin Hood Ventures : Rob Weber
Robin Hood Ventures : George Marks
Robin Hood Ventures : John Moore
Robin Hood Ventures : John Moran
Rockbrook Advisors : Kristina Castle
Rockefeller Group Investment Management : Dennis Irvine
Rocket Ventures : Michael Bogdan
Rocket Ventures : Jeff Allen
Rockfish : Michael Stich
Rockfish : Dave Knox
Rodale : Jon Levy
Rothenberg Ventures : Mike Rothenberg
RRE Ventures : James Robinson IV
RRE Ventures : Raju Rishi
RRE Ventures : Mac Lipscomb
RRE Ventures : Will Porteous
RRE Ventures : Alexa du Pont
RTP Ventures : Kirill Sheynkman
RTP Ventures : Steve Berg
Rubicon Ventures : Joshua B. Siegel
Rudyard Partners : Cristina Dolan
Rudyard Partners : Matthew Growney
Rustic Canyon Partners : Jon Staenberg
Rustic Canyon Partners : John Babcock
Rustic Canyon Partners : Neal Hansch
Rustic Canyon Venture Partners : Ed Fu
S3 Ventures : Brian R. Smith
SaaStr Fund : Michael Cardamone
Saban Capital Group : Haim Saban
SABAN Ventures : Richard Yen
SABIC : Jim  Allman
Sacramento Angels : Roger Akers
Safeguard Scientifics : David Luk
Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.  : Mark Mitchell
Samsung Catalyst Fund : Jonathan Charles
Samsung Ventures : Stephen Lee
Sand Hill Angels : Jim Connor
Sand Hill Angels : Mohammed Alzubi
Sand Hill Angels : Ryan Kennedy
Sanderling Ventures : Robert McNeil, Ph.D.
SAP Ventures : Gaurav Tewari
SAP Ventures : Raza Jafri
Sapphire Ventures : Nino Marakovic
Saratoga Equity, Inc. : Frank Maresca
SAS Investors  : Ramana Jampala
Saturn Partners : Susan Antonio
Sazze : Jacob Chapman
Scale Venture Partners : Rory O�Driscoll
Sceata Technology Group : Salvatore Gaglio
Schneider Electric Ventures : Benoit Toulouse
Scout RFP : Chris  Crane
Scout Ventures : Bradley C Harrison
SDS Ventures : Francisco Martin
SeaPoint Ventures : Melissa Widner
SeaPoint Ventures : Susan Sigl
Seaport Capital : Andrew Meyers
Security Growth Partners : Elad Yoran
Seed Sumo : Bryan Bulte
SeedInvest : James Han
SeedSumo : Steven Tinkle
Selby Venture Partners : Bob Marshall
Selby Venture Partners : Michael Burgess
Sentient Ventures : Don Carson
Seraph Capital : Villette Nolan
SeventySix Capital : Scott Bohrer
SeventySix Capital (ETF Venture Funds) : Howard Smith
Sevin Rosen Funds : William Paiva
Shasta Ventures  : Jason Pressman
Shasta Ventures : Rob Coneybeer
Shasta Ventures : Tod Francis
Shasta Ventures : Nitin Chopra
Shaw Management Advisors LLC (SMAI)  : Peter Shaw
Shepperd Mullin : Joseph Daniels
Shipman and Goodwin : Peter Bilfield
Shirat Enterprises Ltd.  : Eliezer Manor
Shore Capital Partners : Justin Ishbia
Siemens Venture Capital : Michael Majors
Siemens Venture Capital : Eric Bielke
SierraMaya360 : Eric Kagan
SierraMaya360 : Amish Shah
Sigma Partners : John Mandile
Sigma West : Josh Breinlinger
Sigma West : Gregory Gretsch
Sigma West : Peter Solvik
Signal Equity Partners : Alfred Puchala
Signal Peak Ventures : Ron Heinz
Signature Investment Group : Nick Jekogian
Signia Venture Partners : Linus Liang
Silas Capital : Carter Weiss
Silicom Ventures : Angel Investor Group
Silicom Ventures : Shlomo  Waser
Silicon Harbor PR : Paul Swiergosz
Silicon Valley Bank : Ryan Edwards
Silicon Valley Open Doors : David Koehn
Silver Creek Ventures : John Adler
Silver Lake Partners : Mike Bingle
Silver Lake Partners : Susannah Carrier
Silver Lake Partners : John Brennan
Silver Lake Partners : Raj Atluru
Silver Lake Partners III : Joerg Adams
Silverton Partners : Morgan Flager
Simon Venture Group : J. Skyler Fernandes
Simon Venture Group : Natalie Hwang
SJF Ventures : David Kirkpatrick
SJF Ventures : Arrun Kapoor
SJF Ventures : David Griest
SJF Ventures : Alan Kelley
SJF Ventures : Cody Nystrom
SK Telecom Ventures : Min Park
Slater Technology Fund : Thorne Sparkman
Slow Ventures : Dave Morin
SmartForest : Thomas Toy
Social Leverage : Howard Lindzon
Softbank Capital : Nikhil Kalghatgi
Softbank Capital : Steven Murray
SoftBank Capital  : Ron Schreiber 
Softbank Capital : Jordan Levy
SoftTech VC : Jeff Clavier
Solis Capital Partners : Daniel Lubeck
Sonic Words : Tim Gentry
Sorenson Capital : Ron Mika
SoundBoard Angel Fund : Jonathan Hakakian
South Valley Angels : Danielle Davenport
Spark Capital : Alex Finkelstein
Spencer Trask Ventures : Steve Wendler
Split Rock Partners : Jim Simons
Split Rock Partners : Josh Baltzell
Split Rock Partners : Michael Gorman
Square Peg Capital : Paul Bassat
Square Peg Capital : Gavin Appel
Square Peg Capital : Barry Brott
SR One : Kent Gossett
SSM Partners : Casey West
Stagefront Partners : Beau Gordon
Star Angel Network : Erica Minnihan
STAR Angel Network : Justin Humphries
Star Mountain Capital  : Christopher Gimbert
Star Mountain Capital : Brett Hickey
StartHouston : James Tao
StarVest Partners : Laura Sachar
StarVest Partners : Jeanne Sullivan
Starwood Capital Group : Barry Sternlicht
Steelhead Capital Management : Leslie  Kreis
Stellar : Jed McCaleb
Sternhill Partners : Marc Geller
Stolberg Equity Partners LLC : Chad Lyne
Stonehenge Growth Equity Partners : Brian Model
Stony Lonesome Group : Sean Drake
Storm Ventures : Tae Hea Nahm
Storm Ventures : Ryan  Floyd
StrategixVision : Bill Clem
Stripes Group : Dan Marriott
Stripes Group : Ken Fox
Studio VC : Joseph Coyne
Subtraction Capital : Jason Portnoy
Suffolk Equity Partners : Freddie Martignetti
Summit Partners : Mark deLaar
Sunrock Ventures : Matthew Shaw
Sunstone Capital : Peter Benson
Sunstone Capital : Jimmy Fussing Nielsen
Sunstone Capital : Jorgen Smidt
Surge Accelerator : Kirk Coburn
Sutter Hill Ventures : Jeff Bird
Sutter Hill Ventures : Andy Sheenhan
SV Angel : David Lee
SV Angel : Brian Pokorny
SV Life Sciences : Samuel Wu, MD, PhD
Swig Equities : Kent Swig
Symmetric Partners : Daniel K. Doyle
Symmetric Ventures : Adi Levanon
Sysco Ventures : Brian Beach
T2 Venture Capital : Greg Horowitt
TA Associates : Michael Libert
TA Venture : Viktoriya  Tigipko
TA Venture : Marco Valta
Taboola : Adam Singolda
Tamiami Angel Fund : Timothy Cartwright
Target Ventures : Vadim Tarasov
TBL Capital : Mark Finser
Team Europe : Kolja Hebenstreit
Tech Coast Angels : Amir Banifatemi
Tech Coast Angels : Ray Chan
Tech Coast Angels : Christopher Buckstein
Tech Coast Angels : Stewart Roberts
Tech Coast Angels : Jeffrey Lapin
Tech Coast Angels : Wayne Rickard
Tech Coast Angels & Venture Farm : Sid Mohasseb
Tech Coast Venture Network : Ash Kumra
Tech WildCatters : Molly Cain
Technology Crossover Ventures : Erik Blachford
Technology Crossover Ventures : Simon Breakwell
Technology Crossover Ventures : Jerome Hershey
Techstars :  Alex  Iskold
TechStock, Inc. : Robert Petrie
Techxas Ventures : Bruce Ezell
Telecommunications Development Fund : Neal Douglas
Tenaya Capital : Ben Boyer
Tenaya Capital : Tom Banahan
Tenex Medical Investors : Private Investor Group
Tenex Medical Investors : Alfred Mandel
Tengelmann Ventures : Helmut Klawitter
Texas Women Ventures : Whitney Johns Martin
TEXO Ventures : Randall Crowder
Thayer Ventures : Mark Farrell
The Angel's Forum : J.C. Sarner
The Arizona Founders Fund : Ruminder Dhillon
The Atlanta Technology Angels : Greg Smith
The Atlanta Technology Angels : Michael Horton
The Batchery : Joshua Langenthal
The Batchery : Ahmed Chaudhary
The Batchery : Kal Deutsch
The Brandery : Mike Bott
The CAPROCK Group : Gregory A. Brown
The Cornell Group  : Pamy J.S.  Arora 
The Edtech fund : Stanley Buchesky
The Florida Value Fund : Gil Hermon
The Fresh Diet : Zalmi Duchman
The Grosvenor Funds : Will Thierbach
The Gulf Coast Venture Forum : John Gleeson
The Halo Funds : Ed Esber
The MAG Fund / Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Chris Starr
The Refinery : Janis Collins
The Soho Loft : David Drake
The Trim Tab Group  : Scott Toborg
The Verticom Group : Christian Mayaud
The View Group : Mintoo Bhandari
The Worldwide Investor Network (W.I.N.) : Elizabeth Lopez
Thesis Ventures  : Michael O'Donnell
Third Shore Group : Chris Kondogiani
Thomvest Ventures : Andrew Tweed
Ticonderoga Capital : Tyler Wick
TL Ventures : Atul Madahar
Tollman Capital Partners : Kyle Fugere
Topstone Angels : Kristin Calve
Touchdown Ventures : David Horowitz
Touchdown Ventures : Richard Grant
Touchdown Ventures : Scott Lenet
TPG Growth : William E. McGlashan
Tradesy : John Hall
Trailblazer Capital : Joel Fontenot
TransferWise : Kristo  Kaarmann
Transformation Ventures : Unity Stoakes
Translink Capital : Jay Eum
Transmedia Capital : Chris Redlitz
Trestle Ventures : Vince Menichelli
Tribeca Venture Partners : Brian Hirsch
Tribeca Venture Partners : Somak Chattopadhyay
Trident Capital : Alberto Yepez
Trident Capital : Matt Chagan
Trident Capital : Venetia Kontogouris
Trident Capital : Nick Bellomo
Trident Capital : Michael Biggee
Trinity Energy Group : Victor Roman
Trinity Ventures : Alex Osadzinski
Trinity Ventures : Phil Carter
Trinity Ventures : Jim Tybur
Trinity Ventures : Fred Wang
Trinity Ventures  : Tim McAdam 
Trinity Ventures : Karan Mehandru
TriState Investors : Ellen Sandles
True Venture Partners : John Burke
True Ventures : Phil Black
Tugboat Ventures : Christopher J. Alden 
Two Sigma Ventures : Colin Beirne
U.S. Venture Partners : Arati Prabhakar
Uber : Travis Kalanick
UCLA Venture Fund : Mark  Kapczynski
UNEE GROUP : Cody Cupp
Union Square Ventures : Fred Wilson
Unison Capital Partners : Moran Bar-Kochva
University Venture Fund : Allan Young
Unshackled Ventures : Manan Mehta
Unshackled Ventures : Nitin Pachisia
Updata Capital : Don More
Updata Partners : Rich Erickson
Updata Partners : Tim Meyers
Updata Partners : Conor Mullett
Upfront Ventures : Hamet Watt
Upfront Ventures : Steven Dietz
Upfront Ventures : Yves Sisteron
Upfront Ventures : Mark  Suster
UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund : Alan J. Koenning 
UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund : Rimas Kapeskas
Urban Capital : Michael Zimmer
V3 Capital Strategies, LLC.  : Randal H. Drew
VA Angels Kelowna and Phoenix : Randy Lennon
Valhalla Partners  : Scott Frederick
VantagePoint Venture Partners : Jason Whitt
Vault Capital : Petra Franklin
Vegas Valley Angels : Mark Brennan
Vegas Valley Angels : Ian McNeil
Vegas Valley Angels : William Botts
Vegas Valley Angels : Eugene Wong
Vencon Management, Inc. : Irvin Barash
Venrock : Fred Aslan, M.D.
Venrock : Ray Rothrock
Venrock : Brian Ascher
Venrock : Steve Goldberg, Ph.D.
Venrock : Camille Samuels
Ventana Capital : Thomas Gephart
Venture Fuel Partners :  Shan  Zaidi
Verizon Ventures : John Doherty
Vertex Venture Capital : Yoram Oron
Vertex Venture Capital : Ran Gartenberg
Vertex Venture Capital : David Heller
VES Partners / Houston Angel Network : John Filla
Victory Park Capital : Matthew Ray
Victory Park Capital : Brendan Carroll
Victory Park Capital : Richard Levy
Victory Park Capital : Jordan Allen
Vintaytime : Ankit Singh  Dev
Virgin USA : Gabriel Baldinucci
Virginia Capital Partners : Tom Deardorff
Vista Ventures : Mike Gagnon 
Vital Venture Capital : Craig Asher
Vital Venture Capital : Nat Brinn
Voyager Capital : Curtis Feeny
Voyager Capital : Daniel Gallagher
Voyager Capital : Erik Benson
Voyager Capital : Bill McAleer
W Capital Partners : Robert Migliorino
Walden International : Lip-Bu Tan
Walden Venture Capital : Larry Marcus
Walden Venture Capital : Matt Miller
Walker Ventures : Rusty Griffith
Warbros Venture Partners : John Warburg
Warburg Pincus : Jacques Aigrain
Warburg Pincus : Jonas Agesand
Wasabi Ventures : Jeffrey D. Abbott
Wasabi Ventures : Tom Kuegler
Wasatch Venture Capital : Michael Hennessy
Wasatch Venture Fund : Kent Madsen
Washington Research Foundation : Ronald S. Howell
Waud Capital Partners : Philip S. Kemp Jr
WayFounder : Damon D�Amore
WeiserMazars LLP : Michael Devito
WFD Ventures : Tim Langloss
Wheatley Partners : Lawrence Wagenberg
Whistle : Ben Jacobs
White Star Capital : Eric Martineau
White Star Capital : Christian Hernandez
White Star Capital : Jean Francois
WI Harper Group : Eric Chen
WI Harper Group : David  Lam
WI Harper Group : Peter Liu
Willamette University : Wade Brooks
Wisconsin Investment Partners : Dick Leazer
Wolverine Angels : Shane Kelly
Woodside Fund : Bob Larson
Worldview Technology Partners : David Suzuki
Worthy Financial : Sally Outlaw
WRF Capital : Loretta  Little
Wynnchurch Capital Partners II : John A. Hatherly
Y Combinator : Adora Cheung
Y Combinator : Marc Andreessen
Y Combinator : Satya Nadella
Yamaha Motor Ventures : Jay Onda
Yang Ventures : Terrence Yang
YPO Fund NYC : Nick Jekogian
Yun Capital : Jung Yun
Zelkova Ventures : Jay Levy
ZINO Society : Rob Brown
ZINO Society : Cathi Hatch
Zuber Lawler & Del Duca : Josh Lawler
Zynik Capital Corp.  : Nadeem Kassam 





Do you use an RSS Feed Reader?
Join FundingPost's Investor Profile RSS Feed 
and get new Investor Profiles every day!





Next
Previous





"FundingPost allows the venture community to review many interesting deals in a short period of time. The consistent format allows VCs to quickly evaluate companies raising capital based on the criteria that's most important to them." - Deepak Kamra, Canaan Partners






"I know that I've invested in at least one deal associated with FundingPost events, and it's a great networking opportunity with the founders and the VCs that are there. I'm looking forward to this one!" - John Filla, Angel Investor, Houston Angel Network






"I just invested in a mobile company I met through FundingPost - Thanks!" - Jay Goldberg, Hudson Ventures






"Empire Angels has invested in two companies we met through FundingPost. This is a great forum for entrepreneurs to meet investors and we look forward to continued participation!" - Graham Gullans, Empire Angels






"FundingPost has provided Investors a great way to read company summaries from across the country, and entrepreneurs the opportunity to get in front of a lot of Venture Funds they wouldn't normally have access to." - Richard Irving, Pond Venture Partners






"I see CEO's get their PhDs in best practices for how-to-get-funded techniques. This is accomplished through FundingPost's well orchestrated and accomplished conferences - great for learning from and networking with the money sources."  - Jeanne M. Sullivan, StarVest Partners







"BP's Castrol innoVentures invested in a company we met through FundingPost - They are a great resource for Investors and entrepreneurs alike!" - Miriam C Eaves, BP's Castrol innoVentures






"As a result of the conference we attended in Miami, Caerus made one of its first Investments in a Florida-based company whose CEO we met because of the impressive network FundingPost has constructed. " - Zachary A. Cherry, Caerus Ventures LLC 






"I am happy to be a member of FundingPost.com. We always find good prospects, and the interface is efficient and easy to use. Thanks for putting this together." - George Petracek, Atrium Capital






"The Las Vegas Investor RoundTable of December 2013 was a great event because I got to know many talented entrepreneurs in Las Vegas that I would not have met in person otherwise. After the event, I made an investment of $25,000 in a seed idea that is looking very promising! I am looking forward to future events and future investments in Las Vegas entrepreneurs." - Don Sorensen, Las Vegas Angel Investor




































CanopyBoulder – New Cannabis Ventures




























































 






































 









 



Tag: CanopyBoulder















MJ Hybrid Solutions Launches Unique Training Solution for Cannabis Budtenders


MJ Hybrid Solutions, an online training and educational platform for the cannabis industry, is pleased to announce the launch of its retail sales training for cannabis dispensaries. The platform, which …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					July 18, 2017 at 11:13 am




 









Cannabis Accelerator CanopyBoulder Sees Big Returns Even with Failures


Javier Hesse interviewed Micah Tapman, managing director and partner at CanopyBoulder, a cannabis industry accelerator operating in Colorado and California, who shared some interesting details its operations over the pas…
 
Cannabis Investor News

					 - 
					June 27, 2017 at 1:08 pm




 









Cannabis Accelerator Canopy to Present 10 Graduating Startups


Canopy™ Announces Demo Days & Investor Events for Spring 2017 Business Accelerator Cohort BOULDER, CO, April 20, 2017 – Canopy, a venture fund and business accelerator for companies developing ancillary …
 
Cannabis Investor News, Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					April 20, 2017 at 6:08 pm




 









Canopy Names 9 Cannabis Startups in Berkeley Accelerator Program


Canopy Announces Roster of Fall Startups The cannabis industry’s first accelerator program invests another $180,000 in nine startups in Berkeley, California Berkeley, California — August 29, 2016 — Nine startups …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					August 29, 2016 at 3:02 pm




 









Emerging Cannabis Technology Company Grownetics Helps Fleurish Farms Develop Sunlight Capture Cultivation Technique


Colorado-based Grownetics, focused on providing automated analytical tools for cannabis cultivators, continues to make progress in its product development since graduating from cannabis business accelerator CanopyBoulder…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					August 16, 2016 at 1:23 pm




 









Investment Bank Launches Cannabis Business Accelerator


The cannabis industry is full of startups, many of which have great ideas or even deep domain expertise but lack critical skills required to scale their company, similar to other …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, Exclusive Cannabis News

					 - 
					July 20, 2016 at 11:21 am




 









Cannabis Brand Development Company Shares Tips on Branding and Packaging


CannaInsider interviewed Jamie and Pika Stearns, the husband-and-wife team behind Croc&Plover, a Boulder-based branding agency.  The Stearns have each worked with many of the leading brands outside of the cannabis in…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					July 18, 2016 at 12:18 pm




 









How CanopyBoulder Can Accelerate Your Cannabis Startup Company


If you are a cannabis startup in the Bay Area or willing to relocate there for 16 weeks, cannabis industry accelerator CanopyBoulder offers you the opportunity to raise your chances …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, Sponsored Post

					 - 
					June 17, 2016 at 1:47 pm




 









Calling All Cannabis Startups


CanopyBoulder, the first cannabis industry accelerator, is now taking applications for its Fall class, which will take place in Oakland, California from August through November following three cohorts since 2015 …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, Exclusive Cannabis News

					 - 
					June 2, 2016 at 4:06 pm




 









Free Cannabis Entrepreneur Summit Will Help You Start or Scale Your Business


Green Flower Media, the group that produced the wildly successful Cannabis Health Summit earlier this year, is bringing together industry experts for the Cannabis Entrepreneur Summit.  The event takes place over …
 
Deals and Discounts

					 - 
					May 13, 2016 at 1:15 pm




 









Startup Targeting Cannabis Market Takes 2nd Place at University of Colorado New Venture Challenge


Grownetics, which  offers integrated software and hardware tools to optimize cultivation among intelligent farming systems, won a $5000 prize earlier this month at the University of Colorado New Venture Challenge in Boul…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					April 21, 2016 at 9:26 am




 









Cannabis Business Accelerator CanopyBoulder Raises Over $2 Million to Fund Startups


Marijuana start-up accelerator CanopyBoulder raises $2 million CanopyBoulder raised over $2 million to invest in seed-stage marijuana-related start-ups. The fund will make approximately 20 investments of up to $70k in …
 
Cannabis Investor News

					 - 
					March 18, 2016 at 2:34 pm




 









Cannabis Business Accelerator CanopyBoulder Announces Its Next Ten Companies


CanopyBoulder announced its third round of companies for its accelerator program. The 10 members of the Spring 2016 class receive up to $70,000 in investments from CanopyBoulder, space in CanopyBoulder’s Boulder …
 
News

					 - 
					February 25, 2016 at 11:23 am




 









Grownetics Seeks to Automate and Optimize Cannabis Cultivation


Matthew Kind discusses technology in the grow room with Eli Duffy, CEO of Grownetics, a company based in Colorado that is a recent graduate of the CanopyBoulder accelerator program. Learn how …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					February 8, 2016 at 1:20 pm




 









Cannabis Wholesale Platform Tradiv Prepares for Capital Raise and Expansion


In Episode 22 of the Investing in Cannabis Podcast, Brandon David interviews Aeron Sullivan, CEO of Tradiv, a  B2B marketplace for cannabis growers, marijuana-infused product companies, and dispensaries. Tradiv, which op…
 
Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					December 25, 2015 at 3:35 pm




 









CanopyBoulder Informs with Cannabis Investing 101 Seminar


Cannabis business accelerator CanopyBoulder hosted a webinar “Cannabis Investing 101” today, with about 40 attendees dialed in to learn about the industry.  Partner and Managing Director Micah Tapman and Co-f…
 
Cannabis Investor News, Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					December 17, 2015 at 8:48 pm




 









Cannabis Business Accelerator CanopyBoulder CEO Interviewed By VICE


VICE has published a comprehensive interview with CanopyBoulder CEO Patrick Rea: CanopyBoulder is the nation‘s first cannabis-related startup accelerator. Each spring and fall, it accepts ten cannabis-related compa…
 
News

					 - 
					December 13, 2015 at 7:15 pm




 









CanopyBoulder Webinar: Cannabis Investing 101


The cannabis industry grew by 74% in 2014 and 2015 looks to continue the growth trend. Preliminary data from Colorado shows a 40% annual growth rate! Join CanopyBoulder at 10:00 AM …
 
Cannabis Investor News, Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					December 11, 2015 at 2:30 pm




 









Entrepreneurs Pursue Cannabis Technology


CNET just published a series of articles on the cannabis industry, the third of which looks at several of the efforts aimed at using technology to take advantage of changes …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					November 20, 2015 at 4:10 pm




 









Domestic Hemp Market Approaches Half a Billion Dollars


CanopyBoulder-backed Hemp Business Journal provides data, market intelligence and strategic information on the domestic hemp industry.  Boulder paper Daily Camera shared commentary from founder Sean Murphy and reported: …
 
Market Research

					 - 
					November 20, 2015 at 9:23 am




 









Cannabis Business Accelerator CanopyBoulder Raises Almost $2mm


As CanopyBoulder prepares to conduct two programs simultaneously in early 2016, including its third class in Boulder and its inaugural one in San Francisco, the company has been actively seeking …
 
Cannabis Investor News

					 - 
					November 18, 2015 at 7:00 am




 









Attention Cannabis Startups: $20K Funding Available From CanopyBoulder


Cannabis business accelerator CanopyBoulder is now taking applications for its next class.  As it winds up its Fall program, it plans to offer two separate programs beginning in February, its …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, Exclusive Cannabis News

					 - 
					November 14, 2015 at 11:18 pm




 









SpeedWeed Pitches Cannabis Investors on CNBC


On Wednesday, November 11th, CNBC ran PowerPitch, with AJ and Gen Gentile trying to convince the panel of the merits of their Los Angeles-based integrated cannabis dispensary and delivery service …
 
News

					 - 
					November 13, 2015 at 1:50 pm




 









Ananas Finds Success with Cannabis Business Accelerator CanopyBoulder


Ananas is a tech startup that has spent the last three months in Boulder, Colorado, under the tutelage of the cannabis accelerator CanopyBoulder and is close to finalizing a $150K …
 
Cannabis Investor News, Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					November 12, 2015 at 3:20 pm




 









Cannabis Business Accelerator CanopyBoulder CEO Patrick Rea Engages Entrepreneurs in NYC


On October 28th, CanopyBoulder CEO Patrick Rea addressed an audience in NYC at the High NY event, Pot, Parenting & Private Equity, which was held at Impact Hub. High NY is the …
 
Cannabis Investor News, Cannabis Thought Leader News

					 - 
					November 10, 2015 at 3:25 pm




 
 Older Posts




Trending


					New Mexico Medical Cannabis Sales Soar to $40mm through June
				



					CannaDx Cannabis Testing Device Falls Short in Review
				



					Aurora Cannabis to Begin Trading on Toronto Stock Exchange on July 24
				



					Exclusive CFN Media Interview with Solis Tek (SLTK) CEO Dennis Forchic
				



					Kush Bottles Partners to Serve Alaska Cannabis Industry
				

Spotlight

Cannabis Advertising
Links
Canada’s premier cannabis lifestyle brand and licensed producer
The “Keurig of Cannabis”
Vertically Integrated, Multi-state Cannabis Operations
Providing Cannabis Companies with Capital and Operational Expertise
Cannabis Consumer Marketplace & Healthcare Platform
A Leading Vertically Integrated Global Cannabis Company
High Quality Lighting Designed for Commercial-grade Horticulture
Large-Scale Wholesale Cannabis Supplier with International Medical Brand
Quality Organic Standardized Medicinal Cannabis
Cannabis Industry Compliant Packaging Solutions
Canadian Medical Marijuana Producer
A World Leading Diversified Cannabis Company
Canadian Cannabinoid Production and Marijuana Education
California Medical Cannabis Production & Extraction Company
Hydroponic & Organic Retail Stores
Pharma Grade Organic Cannabis Product
Proprietary Pharmaceutical Cannabinoid Technologies
Turnkey Cannabis Cultivation and Processing

 










© NCV Media, LLC About Disclaimer Advertise Contact Newsletter Privacy




 
 














 


















McGill (Regal) - Needle Roller Bearing Inner Ring - 0.7500 in Bore, 0.9993 in OD, 0.7600 in Width, Chrome Steel - Needle Roller Bearing Inner Rings - Motion Industries






















Motion Industries is updating its online services to require TLS v1.2 for all HTTPS connections. Check your connection now










Sign In / Register






Promotions
Events
MIHow2
















		                    		Find
		                    	








Home
About Mi
Locations
Services
Knowledge Hub
Order Status
Support























Product Categories



Bearings


>
Roller Bearings


>
Needle Roller Bearings & Rings


>
Needle Roller Bearing Inner Rings


>
MI 12 N




McGill (Regal) MI 12 N
Needle Roller Bearing Inner Ring - 0.7500 in Bore, 0.9993 in OD, 0.7600 in Width, Chrome Steel

Mi Item #:00095400












				
				0 Reviews - Be the first to review this item.











					Please Note: Photo may NOT represent actual item, please refer to title and product specifications for all details.
				

How can we make our Product Content better?






$13.41 EACH


										In Stock
									
									




Delivery time estimates are based on real-time product availability and standard ground shipping. Product inventory is reserved during Checkout. Items that qualify will ship out same day if order is placed by 5:00 p.m. (Mon. - Fri., local time) from the nearest Motion fulfillment center with inventory of this item.

In Stock: Item in stock at a Motion fulfillment center and qualifies to ship out same day of order placed by 5:00 p.m. (M-F, shipping point local times apply).
											

Limited Availability:  Item is discontinued. Motion has limited stock available.
											

Not in Stock, Available to Order:  Item is typically in stock and available for immediate or next day shipping from one of our Supply Chain Partners if order is placed by 3:00 p.m. (M-F, shipping point local times apply).
											









											Add to Cart
										



								*MINIMUM QUANTITY NOT REACHED. A minimum quantity applies to this item. Please exceed 1.
							

								***INVALID QUANTITY*** This item must be ordered in multiples of 1.
							





$9.98 Flat Rate Ground Shipping
See Shipping Options






Product Features & Specifications
Product Substitutions


Product Features & Specifications







Bore Diameter:

												0.7500 in
										


Outside Diameter:

												0.9993 in
										


Width:

												0.7600 in
										


Material:

												Chrome Steel
										


Series:

												MI
										


Minimum Radius:

												0.0400 in
										


Lubrication Hole Type:

												Lubrication Hole
										


Standards Met:

												MS 51962-5
										


Compatible Bearing:

												GR 16 N, MR 16 N
										


Closure Type:

												Open
										


Type of Needle Bearing:

												Separable Inner Ring Only - Heavy Duty Needle Roller Bearing
										


Manufacturer Catalog Number:

												0001230000
										





Product Substitutions










													RBC Bearings IR7193
												


												Needle Roller Bearing Inner Ring - 0.7500 in Bore, 1.0000 in OD, 0.7600 in Width, Chrome Steel
											

Mi Item#: 00095401
											

													$13.25 EACH
											

													Not in Stock, Available to Order
											









													Koyo NRB IR-121612
												


												Needle Roller Bearing Inner Ring - 0.7500 in Bore, 1.0000 in OD, 0.7500 in Width, Chrome Steel
											

Mi Item#: 00095402
											

													$11.53 EACH
											

													In Stock
											







				Additional Information
			





View In Catalog
								



							Country of Origin: MEXICO
(Country of Origin is subject to change.)

Scheduled Item








			Related Literature & Videos
		







Videos


See More




Articles


See More






Literature


See More




Catalogs


See More








					Customer Reviews
				










See All  Reviews






		Customers Also Bought
	











McGill (Regal) MI 12 N
Needle Roller Bearing Inner Ring - 0.7500 in Bore, 0.9993 in OD, 0.7600 in Width, Chrome Steel

Mi Item #:00095400









Prev
Next









McGill (Regal) MI 12 N
Needle Roller Bearing Inner Ring - 0.7500 in Bore, 0.9993 in OD, 0.7600 in Width, Chrome Steel

Mi Item #:00095400






Review Title:












Writing Guidelines



Review Summary:




Display Name:



						This will be the display name used when showing your comment.  Comments are tracked internally using your website login.  For security reasons, do not post 
						using your email address as the display name.
					



Contact Email:



						This email address will not be posted publicly.  This will be used to alert you when your comment is posted.
					




Cancel
Submit





We want to publish your comments, so please:

Keep your comments focused on the product
Avoid writing about customer service; contact us instead.
Refrain from mentioning competitors or the specific price you paid for the product
Do not include any personally identifiable information, such as full name, email or URL external to motionindustries.com





Email Address


Cancel
Submit






UPS Ground Service
$9.98* 
Est. Delivery August 4


UPS 2-Day PM Service
$48.00* 
Est. Delivery July 28


UPS Next Day Air Service
$85.00* 
Est. Delivery Tomorrow



				* Freight amount is subject to change based on the package weight.
			

				** Delivery Estimate based on In Stock items.
			











				item added to your cart
			







Mi Item#: 
Price: 



						Qty: 


Subtotal:
$1000.00


View Cart


Keep Shopping






		Customers Also Bought
	










 1-800-526-9328
For Assistance or to Order, Call Us 24/7:
Expect More with Motion













 
		
    		Copyright © 2001 - 2017 Motion Industries, Inc. - All Rights Reserved.  
    		Legal Disclaimer, 
    		Privacy Policy, 
    		Terms And Conditions,
    		
    		Provide Feedback

			
			
    		
		Motion Industries 1605 Alton Rd. Birmingham, AL 35210, USA (205) 956-1122

	

    	












































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Business Line of Credit | Kabbage Small Business Blog












































































     












Kabbage


Apply Now
Application
Dashboard


Menu









Sign In
Sign Out


888-986-8263







Apply Now
Application
Dashboard


Sign In
Sign
                            Out














Small Business Loans for the Real World 



Sign up now, and you could qualify for up to $150,000 in minutes!

Approval and funds in your account on the spot.
Flexible, ongoing access to your credit line anytime- anywhere.
No fees to apply or establish your line – pay fees only on the funds you use.





Apply Now

QUESTIONS? 888-986-8263 




There's a better way to fund your business


Accessing small business funding shouldn't be complicated or time-consuming, so Kabbage developed a simple way to get up to $150,000 in minutes.1


 Watch video





up to a
$150k
line of credit




qualify in
10
minutes1




choose
6 or 12
month terms2










Minimum qualification requirements
To qualify with Kabbage, you should be in business for at least one year and have a minimum of $50,000 in annual revenue or $4,200 per month over the last three months.1
› Applying is Free
› No Obligation to Take Funds



Years in Business
1 year +


Business Revenue

                                        $50,000 Annually
                                        
                                        - or -
                                        
                                        $4,200 / Month
                                        
over the last 3 months










How a Kabbage line of credit works:


1
Apply anywhere in minutes

Enter basic business information and link your revenue data online or through our mobile app.



2
Get a decision right away

We'll review your business performance to let you know how much working capital you can access.



3
Start using your funds today

Take the amount you need now and come back whenever you need more capital to grow your business.




find out more
Qualifying
Rates & Terms





Small business loans that fit your business














Flexible Funds


You decide when to use your funds and how much to take. As long as you have available funds, you can withdraw every time you need capital, up to once per day.







Transparent Terms


Kabbage small business loans have simple, monthly payments with no origination fees or prepayment penalties. You can review your payment schedule before taking a loan so there won't be any surprises.







Simple Process


Securely link your business information online to get an automatic financial review. This lets us evaluate your business right away without requiring you to track down financial statements.









Convenient Access


Withdraw from your line by logging into your computer, using our mobile app or swiping your Kabbage Card. You'll have the security of a line of credit you can use whenever you need it, wherever you are.







Trusted by Thousands


Kabbage customers have securely connected more than 1 million data sources. We’re A+ rated by the Better Business Bureau and are TRUSTe certified for our commitment to customer privacy.







Personal Service


From applying to managing your account and making the most of your capital, our in-house team of experts is here to help when you need it.



Why You'll Love Kabbage









real kabbage stories
Right Way Signs
Ches & Alex Perry / Chicago, IL
Chicago, IL


                                            When Right Way Signs needed extra capital to meet payroll during slow months, they were approved for a Kabbage line of credit within minutes. With extra time and capital, Ches and Alex are now able to focus on driving revenue and business growth.
                                        


More Kabbage Stories















                                Get started now.
                                
                                Have working capital today.
                            


Minimum requirements

                                        To qualify for a small business loan, your business needs to be at least a year old. You should have revenues of $50,000 annually or $4,200 per month over the last three months. 3 
                                    


Get the Kabbage app

                                        Apply, use your funds and manage your account right from your phone with the Kabbage app. It's the best funding you can get with two thumbs.
                                    






We’ve provided over 400 in funding to more than 100,000 businesses.

























































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









Web - Venture Funds





























































 







Search Results from:








Web

News 

Images 

Videos 










 




Ads
 





Searches related to Venture Funds



top venture capital funds


top 10 venture capital firms


breakthrough energy ventures fund


crowdfunding for startup business


venture capital financing


new york venture fund


the new venture fund


best venture capital funds
 





Ads


News Results



LiveOak Venture Partners aims to raise $110 million for investing in startups,…

The Business Journals, 7/25/2017
Another sizable pool of investment capital could soon be available to Austin entrepreneurs: LiveOak Venture Partners reportedly plans a new $110 million fund. The fund, LiveOak Venture…



Digital Wall Street's New Home

Bloomberg, 7/26/2017
Data from research consultancy CB Insights show that while North America (chiefly the U.S.) still does more venture-capital-backed fintech funding deals than either Europe or Asia, momentum…



U.S. venture capital's digital coin quandary: cash-rich startups | Article [AMP]

Reuters, 7/24/2017
"VCs, at least the best ones, are there for your company in good times and bad." Yet as long as coin sales provide quick, hassle-free access to funds, start-ups tend to focus on technical…




 


News Results



In Silicon Valley, the Big Venture Funds Keep Getting Bigger

The Wall Street Journal, 7/25/2017
Giant venture-capital funds are piling up in Silicon Valley, a sign that foundations, pension funds and endowments are still willing to rush money into the risky startup sector despite…



U.S. venture capital's digital coin quandary: cash-rich startups By Reuters

Investing.com, 7/24/2017
U.S. venture capital firms lining up for a slice of the burgeoning digital currency market are grappling with a novel challenge - some of the hottest tech startups that sell the coins just…






Shopping Results


Sort




More Shopping ➨



Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Venture capital - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venture_capital

Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity, a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have ...



Venture Capital Funds - Investopedia


www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vcfund.asp

What are 'Venture Capital Funds' Venture capital funds are investment funds that manage the money of investors who seek private equity stakes in startup and small- to ...



VC 100: The Top Investors in Early-Stage Startups


www.entrepreneur.com/article/242702

Welcome to the Entrepreneur VC 100 list of top early-stage venture capital firms -- a platform highlighting the who’s who of the U.S. startup ecosystem. The ranking ...



List of venture capital firms - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/…iki/List_of_venture_capital_firms

List of venture capital firms Below is a list of notable venture capital firms. Name Location Year Established Partners Industries of Focus Amount of ...



Angel Funding - Startups | Entrepreneurs - VentureFund.Com


www.venturefund.com

Venture Fund is a global mentoring and funding platform for great ideas and start up communities.



In Silicon Valley, the Big Venture Funds Keep Getting Bigger


www.wsj.com/…s/in-silicon-valley-the-big-venture...

Giant venture-capital funds are piling up in Silicon Valley, a sign that foundations, pension funds and endowments are still willing to rush money into the risky ...



- New Venture Fund


www.newventurefund.org

New Venture Fund Global Health Advocacy Small Grants Initiative, Arabella, Arabella Philanthropic Investment Advisors, Strategic Guidance for Effective Philanthropy



Venture Capital - Investopedia


www.investopedia.com/terms/v/venturecapital.asp

Venture capital generally comes from well-off investors, investment banks and any other financial institutions that pool similar partnerships or investments. Though ...



Venture Capital | The U.S. Small Business Administration ...


www.sba.gov/.../venture-capital/venture-capital

Venture capital is a type of equity financing that addresses the funding needs of entrepreneurial companies that for reasons of size, assets, ...



Angel Investors and Start Up Funding | Funded.com


www.funded.com/

Connect with accredited angel and startup investors via the network provided by Funded.com, Access a worldwide network of entrepreneurs, startups, angel investors ...



Venture Capital News - CNBC


www.cnbc.com/venture-capital

Latest headlines on venture capital, startups, and crowdfunding from CNBC.com.



Janus Venture Fund (JANVX) - U.S. News: Money


money.usnews.com/…nds/small-growth/janus-venture...

See Janus Venture Fund (JANVX) mutual fund ratings from all the top fund analysts in one place. See Janus Venture Fund performance, holdings, fees, risk ...



Venture Capital News & Topics - Entrepreneur


www.entrepreneur.com/topic/venture-capital

The latest news, videos, and discussion topics on Venture Capital





Ads
 




1

2


3


4


5


Next


 













 







Search Results from:










© 2017 Infospace Holdings LLC
About
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Contact Us



























