

Ulrich Michel Appointed Chief Financial Officer of Sirona Dental Systems, Inc. | Sirona Dental




















Sirona - The Dental Company





Skip to content



Global Website



Websites




Global Websites

Deutschwww.sirona.com/deEnglishwww.sirona.com/enEspañolwww.sirona.com/es 




Local Websites
Choose a region (Websites listed in alphabetical order)


Australiawww.sirona.com.au
Austriawww.sirona.com/de
Brazilwww.sirona.com.br
Canadawww.sirona.ca
CEE Southwww.sirona.hr
Chinawww.sirona.cn
Francewww.sirona.fr
Germanywww.sirona.com/de
Italywww.sirona.it
Japanwww.sirona.co.jp
New Zealandwww.sirona.co.nz
Polandwww.sirona.pl
Russiawww.sirona.ru
Singaporewww.sirona.sg
South Africawww.sirona.co.za
South Koreawww.sirona.co.kr
Thailandwww.sirona.co.th
Turkeywww.sirona.com.tr
USAwww.sironausa.com 
List of all Sirona Group websites







Language English

Deutsch
English
Español




















or




Select product


CAD/CAM
For dental practices



    													Restorations with CEREC    												



    													Implantology with CEREC    												



    													Orthodontics with CEREC    												



    													CAD/CAM Materials for Dental Practices    												



    													Digital Impressions with Sirona Connect    												



    													New CEREC Products    												



    													CEREC Patient Marketing Material    												



    													CEREC for users    												


For dental laboratories



    													New from inLab    												



    													Scan    												



    													Design    												



    													Production    												



    													CAD/CAM Materials for Dental Labs    												



    													Digital Impressions with Sirona Connect    												



    													infiniDent    												




Imaging systems
Software



    													SIDEXIS 4    												



    													Treatment planning    												



    													SIDEXIS iX    												


3D imaging



    													GALILEOS ComfortPLUS 



    													ORTHOPHOS SL 3D    												



    													ORTHOPHOS XG 3D    												


2D Panoramic imaging



    													ORTHOPHOS SL 2D    												



    													ORTHOPHOS XG 3Dready 



    													ORTHOPHOS XG 5    												



    													ORTHOPHOS XG 3    												


Intraoral sensors



    													XIOS XG Supreme    												



    													XIOS XG Select    												


Intraoral scanner



    													XIOS Scan    												


Intraoral X-Ray



    													HELIODENTPLUS 



    													VARIO DG    												




Treatment Centers



    													TENEO    												



    													SINIUS    												



    													INTEGO    												



    													Simulation Units    												



    													prepCheck    												



    													HUGO    												



    													CARL    												



    													PAUL    												




Instruments
Caries monitoring



    													SIROInspect    												


Straight and contra angle handpieces



    													T1 CLASSIC    												



    													T1 LINE    												



    													T2 LINE    												



    													T2 S-Line    												



    													T3 LINE    												



    													T3 S-Line    												



    													T4 LINE    												



    													ENDO 6:1    												



    													SIRONiTi APEX and SIRONiTi Air⁺ APEX    												



    													IMPLANT 20:1    												


Turbines



    													T1 PREMIUM Class    												



    													T2 COMFORT Class    												



    													T3 ECONOMY Class    												



    													T4 Basic-Class    												


Laser 



    													SIROLaser Blue    												



    													SIROLaser Advance & Xtend    												



    													Laser Platform    												



    													Laser Forum    												


Ultrasonic & Scaling 



    													Ultrasonic scalers    												



    													Tips    												


Motors & Drives



    													Motors    												



    													SIROEndo Pocket    												



    													Sirona LED    												


Syringes



    													SPRAYVIT    												




Hygiene systems



    													DAC UNIVERSAL    												



    													DAC PREMIUM Class    												



    													DAC PROFESSIONAL Class    												



    													NitraDem Direct Connect    												



    													SIRODEM    												



    													SIROSeal PREMIUM    												



    													SIROSeal PROFESSIONAL    												









Find a Dealer
Dealer-Login





Products






CAD/CAM
Innovative solutions for both the practice and lab.



Select product

For dental practices


                    			                        Restorations with CEREC                    			                    



                    			                        Implantology with CEREC                    			                    



                    			                        Orthodontics with CEREC                    			                    



                    			                        CAD/CAM Materials for Dental Practices                    			                    



                    			                        Digital Impressions with Sirona Connect                    			                    



                    			                        New CEREC Products                    			                    



                    			                        CEREC Patient Marketing Material                    			                    



                    			                        CEREC for users                    			                    

For dental laboratories


                    			                        New from inLab                    			                    



                    			                        Scan                    			                    



                    			                        Design                    			                    



                    			                        Production                    			                    



                    			                        CAD/CAM Materials for Dental Labs                    			                    



                    			                        Digital Impressions with Sirona Connect                    			                    



                    			                        infiniDent                    			                    










Imaging systems
Best image quality at the lowest dose.



Select product

Software


                    			                        SIDEXIS 4                    			                    



                    			                        Treatment planning                    			                    



                    			                        SIDEXIS iX                    			                    

3D imaging


                    			                        GALILEOS ComfortPLUS 



                    			                        ORTHOPHOS SL 3D                    			                    



                    			                        ORTHOPHOS XG 3D                    			                    

2D Panoramic imaging


                    			                        ORTHOPHOS SL 2D                    			                    



                    			                        ORTHOPHOS XG 3Dready 



                    			                        ORTHOPHOS XG 5                    			                    



                    			                        ORTHOPHOS XG 3                    			                    

Intraoral sensors


                    			                        XIOS XG Supreme                    			                    



                    			                        XIOS XG Select                    			                    

Intraoral scanner


                    			                        XIOS Scan                    			                    

Intraoral X-Ray


                    			                        HELIODENTPLUS 



                    			                        VARIO DG                    			                    










Treatment Centers
The flagship of your practice.



Select product



                    			                        TENEO                    			                    



                    			                        SINIUS                    			                    



                    			                        INTEGO                    			                    



                    			                        Simulation Units                    			                    



                    			                        prepCheck                    			                    



                    			                        HUGO                    			                    



                    			                        CARL                    			                    



                    			                        PAUL                    			                    










Instruments
Comfort and convenience at your fingertips.



Select product

Caries monitoring


                    			                        SIROInspect                    			                    

Straight and contra angle handpieces


                    			                        T1 CLASSIC                    			                    



                    			                        T1 LINE                    			                    



                    			                        T2 LINE                    			                    



                    			                        T2 S-Line                    			                    



                    			                        T3 LINE                    			                    



                    			                        T3 S-Line                    			                    



                    			                        T4 LINE                    			                    



                    			                        ENDO 6:1                    			                    



                    			                        SIRONiTi APEX and SIRONiTi Air⁺ APEX                    			                    



                    			                        IMPLANT 20:1                    			                    

Turbines


                    			                        T1 PREMIUM Class                    			                    



                    			                        T2 COMFORT Class                    			                    



                    			                        T3 ECONOMY Class                    			                    



                    			                        T4 Basic-Class                    			                    

Laser 


                    			                        SIROLaser Blue                    			                    



                    			                        SIROLaser Advance & Xtend                    			                    



                    			                        Laser Platform                    			                    



                    			                        Laser Forum                    			                    

Ultrasonic & Scaling 


                    			                        Ultrasonic scalers                    			                    



                    			                        Tips                    			                    

Motors & Drives


                    			                        Motors                    			                    



                    			                        SIROEndo Pocket                    			                    



                    			                        Sirona LED                    			                    

Syringes


                    			                        SPRAYVIT                    			                    










Hygiene systems
Optimal hygiene – definitely the right solution.



Select product



                    			                        DAC UNIVERSAL                    			                    



                    			                        DAC PREMIUM Class                    			                    



                    			                        DAC PROFESSIONAL Class                    			                    



                    			                        NitraDem Direct Connect                    			                    



                    			                        SIRODEM                    			                    



                    			                        SIROSeal PREMIUM                    			                    



                    			                        SIROSeal PROFESSIONAL                    			                    








Topics






Design World of Impressions







Noise reduction in the practice







Sirona clinic projects







Discover international practices

 




All Topics





Service
Instruments Service CenterBrochures DownloadMedia & AppcenterTechnical DocumentationSafety Data SheetsCare and cleaning Developer Support
Company
About Dentsply SironaHistoryInnovation & EducationExecutive TeamContactCertifications
Investors

Career
Develop FasterPerform BetterShape an IndustryMake a DifferenceJob opportunitiesStudents
News & Events
News & PressExhibition & Event CalendarVISION – Customer magazine Newsletter
Contact
Sirona GroupSirona CompaniesCustomer Service CenterSirona worldwideDealer SearchRepresentativesRequests
Legal contents
Terms & conditionsPrivacy statementPolicies











You are here:


	Home

	News & Events

	News & Press

	Sirona News
Ulrich Michel ...






02.08.2013
1


		Ulrich Michel Appointed Chief Financial Officer of Sirona Dental Systems, Inc.
	

			Sirona (NASDAQ: SIRO), the dental technology leader, today announced that its board of directors has unanimously approved a succession plan for the Chief Financial Officer of the company. Ulrich Michel will join Sirona as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President effective October 14, 2013 and will succeed Simone Blank, who will step down as CFO, Executive Vice President and Board member. Ms. Blank will assist to ensure a seamless transition.		

Ulrich Michel will take over the positions of Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of the global market and technology leader Sirona.

Salzburg. “We are very excited to welcome Ulrich Michel to Sirona. His global experience, management capabilities and proven track record as CFO of a U.S. public company makes him the ideal candidate to succeed Simone Blank. He shares our commitment to the importance of innovation, excellence in execution and a best-in-class global sales and service infrastructure. His hiring is part of Sirona’s succession plan and we expect him to be instrumental in guiding Sirona through its next phase of growth”, commented Jeffrey T. Slovin, President and CEO of Sirona. Ulrich Michel, will become the new CFO and Executive Vice President and will oversee and direct all aspects of the financial management of Sirona, which was spun-off from the Siemens Medical Technology Division in 1997. Since 2006, Sirona has been listed on the US NASDAQ stock exchange. The innovation leader develops, produces, and markets a full range of advanced treatment centers, imaging systems, instruments, hygiene systems, and dental CAD/CAM systems. Sirona draws upon global expertise from nearly 3,000 employees located around the world. The products are widely used by dental practices, clinics, and laboratories in more than 135 countries and for more than 130 years.

Jeffrey Slovin continued: “Simone has played an important role in developing Sirona into a global organization and increasing shareholder value. I’ve worked side by side with her for eight years so it is no surprise to me that she leaves us in the strongest financial position in our Company’s history. We will build on that foundation to take Sirona to the next level.”

From one global leader to another

	Ulrich Michel, 50, brings 25 years of financial experience to Sirona. Most recently, he spent over eight years as the Chief Financial Officer of WABCO, a New York Stock Exchange listed company that is the global technology leader in the commercial vehicle industry with approximately $2.5 billion in sales. Prior to that, he was the Chief Financial Officer for American Standard's Trane Commercial Systems’ business in Europe, Middle East, Africa & India Region. Michel joined American Standard from Honeywell International/Allied Signal where he spent six years in financial leadership positions in the U.S. and Europe, with areas of focus including mergers and acquisitions, the Specialty Chemicals business and the Control Products business. Before joining Honeywell International/Allied Signal, he spent eight years at Pricewaterhouse, working both in the U.S where he qualified as a U.S. Certified Public Accountant, and in Europe where he became a German Wirtschaftsprüfer. Ulrich Michel is married and has three children.

Farewell to Simone Blank

Simone Blank (50) is leaving Sirona after 15 successful years to take a new opportunity. Jeffrey T. Slovin thanks her for her commitment: “On behalf of Sirona, I want to sincerely thank Simone for 15 years of dedicated service and sound financial stewardship. We wish her our very best and much happiness as she enters this next, well-deserved phase of her life.” 

IMAGE: 







			Fig. 1: Ulrich Michel will take over the positions of Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of the global market and technology leader Sirona.



	 

	 

	 
Share news








Subscribe to Newsletter
















Salutation*


Mr.
Mrs.



Title

Please select …
Dr.
Prof.
Prof. Dr.





Last Name*



Country*


Andorra
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Antigua And Barbuda
Anguilla
Albania
Armenia
Netherlands Antilles
Angola
Antarctica
Argentina
American Samoa
Austria
Australia
Aruba
Aland Islands
Azerbaijan
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Barbados
Bangladesh
Belgium
Burkina Faso
Bulgaria
Bahrain
Burundi
Benin
Bermuda
Brunei Darussalam
Bolivia
Brazil
Bahamas
Bhutan
Bouvet Island
Botswana
Belarus
Belize
Canada
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Congo - Kinshasa
Central African Republic
Congo - Brazzaville
Switzerland
Ivory Coast
Cook Islands
Chile
Cameroon
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cuba
Cape Verde
Christmas Island
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Germany
Djibouti
Denmark
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Algeria
Ecuador
Estonia
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Spain
Ethiopia
Finland
Fiji
Falkland Islands
Micronesia, Federated States of
Faroe Islands
France
Gabon
United Kingdom
Grenada
Georgia
French Guiana
Guernsey
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greenland
Gambia
Guinea
Guadeloupe
Equatorial Guinea
Greece
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Guatemala
Guam
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Hong Kong
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Croatia
Haiti
Hungary
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Isle of Man
India
British Indian Ocean Territory
Iraq
Iceland
Italy
Jersey  (Channel Islands)
Jamaica
Jordan
Japan
Kenya
Kyrgyzstan
Cambodia
Kiribati
Comoros
Saint Kitts and Nevis
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Cayman Islands
Kazakhstan
Laos
Lebanon
Saint Lucia
Liechtenstein
Sri Lanka
Liberia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Latvia
Libya
Morocco
Monaco
Moldova, Republic of
Montenegro
Madagascar
Marshall Islands
Macedonia
Mali
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macao SAR China
Northern Mariana Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Montserrat
Malta
Mauritius
Maldives
Malawi
Mexico
Malaysia
Mozambique
Namibia
New Caledonia
Niger
Norfolk Island
Nigeria
Nicaragua
Netherlands
Norway
Nepal
Nauru
Niue
New Zealand
Oman
Panama
Peru
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Pakistan
Poland
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Pitcairn
Puerto Rico
Palestine
Portugal
Palau
Paraguay
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Serbia
Russia
Rwanda
Saudi Arabia
Solomon Islands
Seychelles
Sudan
Sweden
Singapore
St. Helena
Slovenia
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Slovakia
Sierra Leone
San Marino
Senegal
Somalia
Suriname
Sao Tome and Principe
El Salvador
Syria
Swaziland
Turks and Caicos Islands
Chad
French Southern Territories
Togo
Thailand
Tajikistan
Tokelau
East Timor
Turkmenistan
Tunisia
Tonga
Turkey
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Taiwan
Tanzania
Ukraine
Uganda
USA Minor Outlying Islands
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Venezuela
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Vietnam
Vanuatu
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Samoa (Independent)
Yemen
Mayotte
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Republic of Kosovo





E-mail*






By sending this form, I give Sirona permission to inform me of new and interesting Sirona offers and products by newsletter and to store my data for communication and marketing purposes, market research, and opinion surveys.
If you no longer wish to receive information from Sirona in the future, you may revoke consent for Sirona to use your data for advertising purposes and/or market research in writing at any time (via email to online@sirona.com) or unsubscribe from the newsletter.

Your consent includes the transfer of your data to third parties as part of the network, such as Sirona subsidiaries, dealers and specialists. Selling your personal information or passing on to third parties for marketing purposes outside the Sirona network is excluded. All Sirona service providers are obliged to comply with the Data Protection Act.*









* required field






		This information and any attachment thereto contains forward-looking information about Sirona Dental Systems, Inc.'s financial results, guidance and estimates, business prospects, and products and services that involve substantial risks and uncertainties or other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You can identify these statements by the use of words such as "may," "could," "estimate," "will," "believe," "anticipate," "think," "intend," "expect," "project," "plan," "target," "forecast", and similar words and expressions which identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and other factors. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. For a discussion of such risks, uncertainties and other matters that could cause actual results to differ materially, including risks relating to, among other factors, the market for dental product and services, pricing, future sales volume of the Company's products, the possibility of changing economic, market and competitive conditions, dependence on products, dependence on key personnel, technological developments, intense competition, market uncertainties, dependence on distributors, ability to manage growth, dependence on key suppliers, dependence on key members of management, government regulation, acquisitions and affiliations, readers are urged to carefully review and consider various disclosures made by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K and in its reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this document or the attachments to reflect new information or future events or developments after the date any such statement is made.
	


back to overview





Contact
Mag. Marion Par-Weixlberger

                                    Senior PR Manager                            
Phone: +43 (0)662 2450-588

E-mail







Downloads
Further use is desired




pdf

Sirona_PR_Michel appointed CFO_2013-08-02.pdf

pdf
65.63 KB














Ulrich Michel will take over the positions of Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of the global market and technology leader Sirona.


 


 

All downloads as ZIP file

















	Products

                				CAD/CAM                



                				Imaging systems                



                				Treatment Centers                



                				Instruments                



                				Hygiene systems                Topics	ServiceInstruments Service CenterBrochures DownloadMedia & AppcenterTechnical DocumentationSafety Data SheetsCare and cleaning Developer Support	CompanyAbout Dentsply SironaHistoryInnovation & EducationExecutive TeamContactCertifications	Investors	CareerDevelop FasterPerform BetterShape an IndustryMake a DifferenceJob opportunitiesStudents	News & EventsNews & PressExhibition & Event CalendarVISION – Customer magazine Newsletter	ContactSirona GroupSirona CompaniesCustomer Service CenterSirona worldwideDealer SearchRepresentativesRequests	Legal contentsTerms & conditionsPrivacy statementPolicies







Policies
Sitemap
Terms & conditions
Privacy statement
Facebook
Google+
Twitter
YouTube


back to top












Ulrich Michel - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Ulrich Michel
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Ulrich Michel? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ulrich Michel's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ulrich Michel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ulrich Michel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ulrich Michel through your network of contacts.
												








Ulrich Michel's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.


Past
To view Ulrich Michel's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
54

 
 


Ulrich Michel's Biography



Mr. Michel currently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dentsply Sirona. Formerly, Mr. Michel held the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sirona since October 2013. From April 2005 to October 2013 he was Chief Financial Officer of WABCO, a New York Stock Exchange listed company that is a global technology leader in the commercial vehicle industry. Prior to that, he served as Chief Financial Officer for American Standard's Trane Commercial Systems' business in the Europe, Middle East, Africa & India Region. Mr. Michel joined American Standard from Honeywell International/Allied Signal ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Michel currently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dentsply Sirona. Formerly, Mr. Michel held the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sirona since October 2013. From April 2005 to October 2013 he was Chief Financial Officer of WABCO, a New York Stock Exchange listed company that is a global technology leader in the commercial vehicle industry. Prior to that, he served as Chief Financial Officer for American Standard's Trane Commercial Systems' business in the Europe, Middle East, Africa & India Region. Mr. Michel joined American Standard from Honeywell International/Allied Signal where he spent six years in financial leadership positions in the U.S. and Europe, with areas of focus including mergers and acquisitions, the Specialty Chemicals business and the Control Products business. Before joining Honeywell International/Allied Signal, he spent eight years at Pricewaterhouse, working both in the U.S where he qualified as a U.S. Certified Public Accountant, and in Europe where he became a German Wirtschaftsprufer. He holds a Degree in International Business from the University of Applied Science in Pforzheim, Germany.
		
Source: DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. on 04/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ulrich Michel's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Ulrich Michel. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ulrich Michel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ulrich Michel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ulrich Michel through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Ulrich Michel


















Ulrich Michel's Connections (58)





Sign up now to view Ulrich Michel's 58 connections »









Timothy P. Sullivan
Board Member, VWR Corporation









Michael E. Thompson
Former Vice President, Compression and Braking, WABCO Holdings Inc.









Mary L. Petrovich
Board Member, Woodward, Inc.









Maureen J. MacInnis
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.









Nick Rens
President, Trailer Systems, Aftermarket and Off-Highway, WABCO Holdings Inc.









Deborah Rasin
Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc.









Bret W. Wise
Executive Chairman, DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.









Michael C. Alfano
Board Member, DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.









Willie A. Deese
Board Member, DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.









Michael J. Coleman
Board Member, DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Michelle Ulrich 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





















Michel  Ulrich in          Mineral Wells, TX
    | Intelius






















Sign In




People Search
Background Check
Criminal Records
Reverse Lookup
Employee Screening
Identity Protection
Intelius Premier




Reverse Lookup
People Search






We did not find Michel  Ulrich in          Mineral Wells, TX
   


         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Michelt, Ulrich - Record Shop X




















We ship worldwide! Shipping starts at 2,95 €! Credit cards and PayPal accepted.






Home
Michelt, Ulrich







Filter


Michelt, Ulrich



loading...







0 Michelt, Ulrich products found


Page 1 of 0


Order by: 





product



price



release date



modified date



recently added




There seems to be no products left.

Page 1 of 0



Add a reminder


Fill in your email address to get a reminder when we get products for artist (Michelt, Ulrich).








Add reminder



Don't worry, no spamming.











We ship worldwide! Shipping starts at 2,95 €

Items bought from the Internet will be shipped the same day. Read more






More about shipping costs
Shipping costs


Nordea Solo
from 2,95 €


Osuuspankki
from 2,95 €


Danske Bank
from 2,95 €


Handelsbanken
from 2,95 €


Sp/POP payment
from 2,95 €


S-Bank
from 2,95 €


Tapiola Bank
from 2,95 €


Credit cards
from 2,95 €


PayPal
from 2,95 €

















Buffalo Zine























































 



















 





















GBP, £
EUR, €
USD, $
JPY, ¥

WOOCS 2.1.8






0



No products in the cart.


Cart 
Total:£0.00





























 













 



 

















No.5
SS 2017





 



£18.00
Select options
 




276 pages
26 x 41cm / 11.5 x 16 inches

 





Featuring
David Bailey
Pamela Anderson
Jimmy Wales
Lily Cole
Michel Serres
Hans-Ulrich Obrist
Lennon Gallagher
Patsy Kensit
Charles Jeffrey
Andrew Logan
Judy Blame
Christopher Shannon
Martine Rose
Telfar Clemens

 





Contributing artists
Mel Ottenberg
Emilie Kareh
Brett Lloyd
Dexter Lander
Rottingdean Bazaar
Charles Jeffrey
Thurstan Redding
Andreas Larsson
Tati Cotliar
Reto Schmid
Rich Aybar
Hill & Aubrey
Ali + Aniko
Tom Johnson


  









For the fifth issue of Buffalo Zine we decided to do the whole magazine without leaving our office. Squatting here, looking at the things we had around, the space we spend most of our days in, the things we see through our windows.
 
Our office is on the top level of a three-floor complex which includes an assortment of buildings along Hackney Road, east London. There are some Victorian buildings, others built in the seventies, but they all look like ghosts from the past. From the rooftop you can see the skyscrapers of the City looming, getting increasingly closer to the neighbourhood.
 
The issue includes Pamela Anderson playing dress-up as a jilted East End bride, David Bailey going back to his Hackney roots in an extended interview, and Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales with Lily Cole in conversation about the future of community and the sharing economy. Judy Blame reminisces on his early career in Dalston, Lennon Gallagher betrays the family brand, and Hans Ulrich Obrist and Michel Serres share their vision of a globalised world that protects local identities.





 









Every single feature was shot in and around our office building, including fashion stories by Mel Ottenberg, Brett Lloyd, Emilie Kareh, Rottingdean Bazaar, Dexter Lander, Hill & Aubrey, Andreas Larsson, Tati Cotliar, Reto Schmid, Charles Jeffrey, Ali + Aniko and Thurstan Redding.
 
Needless to say, as with any creative project in London, this issue is being put together by people from more than 20 different nationalities. We don’t know if Buffalo will be able to remain a British company after Brexit, but it’s been nice in these uncertain times of walls and borders to do this issue simply about the place we are in right now. Sometimes you need to go local to find the universal.





 















































