



Company Profile - Microbot Medical


















































 











































Company Profile - Microbot Medical
14
page-template-default,page,page-id-14,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,select-theme-ver-3.4,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.12.1,vc_responsive


 

Company ProfileMicrobot Medical is a medical device company specialized in the researching, designing, developing and commercializing of transformational micro-robotics medical technologies.

Our vision is to improve the quality of life of millions of patients globally by advancing micro-robotic technologies to perform surgical procedures within the human body, and offer physicians and their patients less invasive and more precise solutions.
 
The company’s innovations will tap into one of the fastest growing spaces in the medical field, the minimal invasive space, while continuously delivering devices that improve an individual’s health, comfort and quality of life as well as providing added value to all other stakeholders. 



















Harel Gadot
PRESIDENT, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 
Mr. Gadot is a co-founder of Microbot Medical and has been serving as the CEO since its inception and the Chairman of the Board since 2013. He is also the Chairman of XACT Robotics Ltd., another promising medical robotics company, specializing in the field of needle steering for medical procedures such as biopsies.  Until 2013, Mr. Gadot was a board member at ConTIPI Ltd. Which was acquired in 2012 by Kimberly Clark.  Prior to founding Microbot Medical, Mr. Gadot served as a Worldwide Group Marketing Director at Johnson & Johnson (Ethicon Inc., Somerville NJ), overseeing the company’s global strategic marketing. Prior to this, he was the Regional Marketing Manager at Johnson & Johnson (Ethicon Inc., Paris, France), responsible for the strategic marketing for Europe, Middle East and Africa. During his tenure, both companies enjoyed continuous growth in revenues and new product launches. Prior to this, Harel held several management positions in marketing and sales at Johnson & Johnson Medical Israel. Mr. Gadot is a guest speaker for management and innovation courses at leading universities in the United States and Israel, and holds a Bachelor of Science (BS) from Siena College (USA) and a Master in Business Administration (MBA) from Manchester University (UK).


 









Hezi Himelfarb
General Manager and Chief Operating Officer
 
Hezi Himelfarb joined Microbot in December 2016 as General Manager and COO, bringing with him more than 30 years of management experience in hi-tech and medical device companies. Hezi’s last role was CEO of IceCure Medical, a TASE publicly traded company that develops advanced cryotherapy systems (cryoablation) intended for the growing physician-office market in the women’s Health and other areas. As the company’s President and CEO, Hezi was responsible for establishing a U.S subsidiary (Memphis, TN) for sales, marketing, clinical and technical support, increasing reimbursement coverage in the U.S and leading the company’s transition from clinical phase to commercial sales. From 1999 to 2008, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Remon Medical Technologies Ltd., a developer of smart, miniature implants enabling physicians to assess and treat a variety of medical conditions, which was acquired in 2008 by Boston Scientific Corporation. Prior to Remon, he managed Medtronic-InStent Israel, which he joined after spending 14 years at Scitex Corporation, where he held positions of increasing responsibility including research and development. Mr. Himelfarb holds a B.Sc. in Electronic Engineering and an MBA, both from Tel-Aviv University.


 










David Ben Naim
Chief Financial Officer
 
David Ben Naim is a CPA licensed in the State of Israel. During the past five years, Mr. Ben Naim has held the following positions: (i) from 2014 to the present, he has operated DBN Financial, providing clients with full outsourcing financial and accounting services; (ii) from 2012 – 2014, he served as CFO of Insuline Medical Ltd, a public company organized under the laws of the State of Israel listed on the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE: INSL) focused on improving the performance of current insulin treatment methods. As CFO, Mr. Ben Naim reported to its CEO and worked closely with the Board and its various committees, planning and implementing the transition from the development stage into a TASE listed company and participating in the structure and raise of equity and debt capital, among other responsibilities; and (iii) from 2008 – 2011, Mr. Ben Naim served as CFO of Crow Technologies 1977 Ltd, public company traded on the OTCQB (CRWTF), with responsibilities for planning and implementation of corporate financial strategy, reporting to the CEO and working closely with the Board and its various committees.



 










Eyal Ben Moshe

VP Research & Development


 
Eyal Ben-Moshe has more than 20 years of experience in research, development and engineering, spanning several disciplines including mechanics, electronics, materials, and managing large Development teams in the IAI (Israel Aerospace Industries).  Eyal filled a range of technology leadership roles at companies focusing mainly on medical devices, directing the development of new products from the concept phase through to production. Eyal holds a BSc in Mechanical Engineering and MSc in Biomedical Engineering from the Ben-Gurion University



 








Ahava Stein
DIRECTOR Regulatory Affairs & QA
 
Ahava Stein is an expert in regulatory affairs, clinical and quality assurance (QA) specializing in FDA and CE submissions with over 20 years of experience working directly with the FDA, Including regulatory submissions for 510(k), PMA, IDE, Pre-IDE, 513(g), and RFD, for a wide variety of innovative, medical devices and participation in PMA Panel meetings. Ms. Stein has managed multicenter, clinical studies, participated in numerous BIMO inspections, clinical site inspections in the US, Europe and Israel. Ms. Stein has extensive experience in implementing QA systems at medical device companies, submitting PMA manufacturing sections and participating in a multitude of QSR and ISO 13485 inspections by the FDA and European Notified Bodies.

 














Harel Gadot
PRESIDENT, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 
Mr. Gadot is a co-founder of Microbot Medical and has been serving as the CEO since its inception and the Chairman of the Board since 2013. He is also the Chairman of XACT Robotics Ltd., another promising medical robotics company, specializing in the field of needle steering for medical procedures such as biopsies.  Until 2013, Mr. Gadot was a board member at ConTIPI Ltd. Which was acquired in 2012 by Kimberly Clark.  Prior to founding Microbot Medical, Mr. Gadot served as a Worldwide Group Marketing Director at Johnson & Johnson (Ethicon Inc., Somerville NJ), overseeing the company’s global strategic marketing. Prior to this, he was the Regional Marketing Manager at Johnson & Johnson (Ethicon Inc., Paris, France), responsible for the strategic marketing for Europe, Middle East and Africa. During his tenure, both companies enjoyed continuous growth in revenues and new product launches. Prior to this, Harel held several management positions in marketing and sales at Johnson & Johnson Medical Israel. Mr. Gadot is a guest speaker for management and innovation courses at leading universities in the United States and Israel, and holds a Bachelor of Science (BS) from Siena College (USA) and a Master in Business Administration (MBA) from Manchester University (UK).

 








Prof. Moshe Shoham

Director, Co-Founder
 
Prof. Shoham is the inventor of the company’s technologies and is a co-founder of the Company.  Prof. Shoham is a worldwide acclaimed authority on the field of robotics and has been conducting research in this field for over  25 years with special focus on kinematics and dynamics of robots, sensor integration and medical applications.  Prof Shoham is the head of the robotics lab at the Technion’s faculty of Mechanical Engineering.  Prof. Shohan was formerly the director of the robotic laboratory of the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Columbia University in NY.  Prof Shoham is also the founder of Mazor Surgical Technologies Ltd, (Nasdaq: MZOR), a growing medical device company in the field of surgical robotics.  Prof Shoham has published over 150 conference and journal papers and he is the author of three books.

 








Martin J. Madden
Director
 
Mr. Madden’s diversified and extensive R&D experience in the development of medical devices includes hundreds of projects in multiple medical spaces, many of which reached successful commercialization stage. Mr. Madden recently retired from Johnson & Johnson after a 30 year career. He first joined Johnson & Johnson in 1986 and held a number of roles of increasing importance, including Vice President Research & Development for Orthopedics, Global Surgery and Interventional Vascular Divisions. Mr. Madden holds an MBA from Columbia University, a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Carnegie-Mellon University and Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Dayton.

 








Yossi Bornstein

Director and Co-Founder
 
Mr. Bornstein is a co-founder of Microbot Medical and has been a member of the Board of Directors since the inception of the company.  Mr. Bornstein is the owner and President of Shizim Ltd., a life science holding group in Israel.  Mr. Bornstein was the General Manager at Bristol-Myers Squibb (Israel) until 1992 when he joined the private sector.  He is the founder of a number of privately held life-science companies including Pharmateam Ltd., which was sold in 2000.  Mr. Bornstein was the Biotechnology Committee Chairman of USISTC (Unites States-Israel Science & Technology Commission) as well as a consultant for USISTF (Unites States-Israel Science & Technology Foundation).  He is also the founder of ILSI-Israel Life Science Industry Organization and ITTN-Israel Tech Transfer Organization.

 








Mr. Solomon Mayer
Director
 
Mr. Mayer is a Senior Business Executive with expertise in business relations, sales and marketing, corporate management and enterprise financial path growth and operation, purchasing and negations for multi-million dollar businesses and organizations in diverse industries both nationally and internationality.  In addition to his role with Microbot Medical, Mr. Mayer is the president and CEO of Mooney Aviation Company, and he is also the president of Chailife Line, the largest organization to help restore normalcy to family life, and better enable them to withstand the crises and challenges of serious pediatric illness.  Mr. Mayer serves in the board of Director of Laniado Hospital in Israel, International Medical Search Co. of New York, and other institutions.

 








Yoav Waizer, CPA
Director
 
Yoav Waizer is an accomplished businessman with over 20 years of entrepreneurial experience working with private and publicly traded technology companies. As a partner and CFO at leading Israeli VC funds that include most recently Medica Venture Partners and previously, the Cedar Fund and Star Ventures, Yoav has worked with start-up companies from their very early stages all the way to successful exits. He has completed more than 70 initial portfolio investments from pre-seed to seed to later rounds, more than 175 investment rounds, 10 M&A transactions and 5 IPOs. His hands-on experience includes all aspects of finance and operations including tax planning and reporting, cash management, reporting to limited partnerships under US GAAP rules, investor relations, and has expertise in strategy, financial and legal due diligence, general and financial management, team-building, monitoring portfolio companies, raising capital and M&A.

 








Scott Burell
Director
 
Scott Burell has served as a member of our board of directors since 2016. Since November 2006, Mr. Burell has served as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of CombiMatrix Corporation (NASDAQ: CBMX), a publicly traded diagnostics laboratory providing DNA-based testing in the field of reproductive healthcare, located in Irvine, California. During his tenure with CombiMatrix, Mr. Burell successfully led the split-off in 2007 from its former parent, has led several successful public and private debt and equity financing transactions and successfully executed a reorganization and relocation in 2010. Mr. Burell served as CombiMatrix’s Vice President of Finance and Controller from February 2001 to 2007.  From May 1999 to February 2001, Mr. Burell was the Controller for Network Commerce, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPNW), a publicly traded technology and information infrastructure company located in Seattle, Washington.  Prior to this, Mr. Burell spent nine years with Arthur Andersen’s Audit and Business Advisory practice in Seattle. During his tenure in public accounting, Mr. Burell worked with many clients, both public and private, in the high-tech and healthcare markets, and was involved in numerous public offerings, spin-offs, mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Burell has been a licensed C.P.A. in the State of Washington since 1992 (currently inactive). He is a member of the Orange County chapter of the Forum for Corporate Directors, the Association for Corporate Growth and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He holds Bachelor of Science degrees in both Accounting and Business Finance from Central Washington University.

 
















Simon Sharon
Chairman, Scientific Advisory Board
 
Simon Sharon brings almost three decades of proven leadership and experience in research and development and in operations, focusing mainly on medical devices.
Currently, Simon serves as the Chief Technology Officer at MEDX Xelerator LP, a medical device incubator and as a Scientific Director at XACT Robotics Ltd.
Prior to joining MEDX Xelerator and XACT, Simon was the Chief Operating Officer at Microbot Medical Ltd, an early stage company developing a platform of micro-robots for various medical applications.  Before his position with Microbot Medical, Simon was the VP Research & Development at IceCure Medical Ltd., a TASE traded company developing a portfolio of cryogenic ablation systems. Before his experience with IceCure, Simon served as the CEO and VP Research & Development of Anorad Israel (a business unit of Rockwell Automation). Prior to Anorad, Simon was the Research & Development Manager at Disc-O-Tech Medical Technologies Ltd., a successful orthopedic venture that was acquired by Kyphon (currently part of Medtronic), and before this as the Research & Development Manager at CI Systems.
Simon holds a BSc. In Mechanical Engineering from the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology, a MSc. in Mechanical Engineering from MIT where he specialized in motion control and robotics, and an MBA from the Kellogg-Recanati School of Management.



 










Eric C. Leuthardt, MD
Scientific Director
 
Eric C. Leuthardt, M.D. is a neurosurgeon who is currently an associate professor with the Department of Neurological Surgery, and the Departments of Neurobiology, Biomedical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Material Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis.  He is Director of the Center for Innovation in Neuroscience and Technology.  He received his B.S. in Biology and Theology at St. Louis University in 1995 and received his M.D. at the University of Pennsylvania’s School of Medicine in 1999.  He went on to complete his training at Barnes Jewish Hospital and Washington University in St. Louis in 2005 and then completed a combined fellowship in epilepsy and spinal surgery at the University of Washington in Seattle in 2006.  His research has focused on neuroprosthetics – devices linked to the brain that may restore function to patients with motor disabilities.  His work in the field of neuroprosthetics and neurosurgical devices has yielded him numerous accolades as a scientist, a neurosurgeon, and an inventor. Dr. Leuthardt uses an integrated approach by employing multiple domains of expertise ranging from biomedical engineering, clinical neurosurgery, mathematical modeling, complex signal analysis, and computer programming.  In addition to numerous peer-reviewed publications, Leuthardt has over 1000 patents on file with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for medical devices and brain computer interface technologies.   He is also the founder of five startup companies.



 










Prof. Moshe Shoham
Scientific Director
 
Prof. Shoham is the inventor of the company’s technologies and is a co-founder of the Company.  Prof. Shoham is a worldwide acclaimed authority on the field of robotics and has been conducting research in this field for over  25 years with special focus on kinematics and dynamics of robots, sensor integration and medical applications.  Prof Shoham is the head of the robotics lab at the Technion’s faculty of Mechanical Engineering.  Prof. Shohan was formerly the director of the robotic laboratory of the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Columbia University in NY.  Prof Shoham is also the founder of Mazor Surgical Technologies Ltd, (Nasdaq: MZOR), a growing medical device company in the field of surgical robotics.  Prof Shoham has published over 150 conference and journal papers and he is the author of three books.



 

































Management - Microbot Medical


















































 











































Management - Microbot Medical
213
page-template-default,page,page-id-213,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,select-theme-ver-3.4,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.12.1,vc_responsive


 

 






Management




















Harel Gadot
Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
 
Mr. Gadot is a co-founder of Microbot Medical and has been serving as the CEO since its inception and the Chairman of the Board since 2013. He is also the Chairman of XACT Robotics Ltd., another promising medical robotics company, specializing in the field of needle steering for medical procedures such as biopsies.  Until 2013, Mr. Gadot was a board member at ConTIPI Ltd. Which was acquired in 2012 by Kimberly Clark.  Prior to founding Microbot Medical, Mr. Gadot served as a Worldwide Group Marketing Director at Johnson & Johnson (Ethicon Inc., Somerville NJ), overseeing the company’s global strategic marketing. Prior to this, he was the Regional Marketing Manager at Johnson & Johnson (Ethicon Inc., Paris, France), responsible for the strategic marketing for Europe, Middle East and Africa. During his tenure, both companies enjoyed continuous growth in revenues and new product launches. Prior to this, Harel held several management positions in marketing and sales at Johnson & Johnson Medical Israel. Mr. Gadot is a guest speaker for management and innovation courses at leading universities in the United States and Israel, and holds a Bachelor of Science (BS) from Siena College (USA) and a Master in Business Administration (MBA) from Manchester University (UK).



 










David Ben Naim
Chief Financial Officer
 
David Ben Naim is a CPA licensed in the State of Israel. During the past five years, Mr. Ben Naim has held the following positions: (i) from 2014 to the present, he has operated DBN Financial, providing clients with full outsourcing financial and accounting services; (ii) from 2012 – 2014, he served as CFO of Insuline Medical Ltd, a public company organized under the laws of the State of Israel listed on the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE: INSL) focused on improving the performance of current insulin treatment methods. As CFO, Mr. Ben Naim reported to its CEO and worked closely with the Board and its various committees, planning and implementing the transition from the development stage into a TASE listed company and participating in the structure and raise of equity and debt capital, among other responsibilities; and (iii) from 2008 – 2011, Mr. Ben Naim served as CFO of Crow Technologies 1977 Ltd, public company traded on the OTCQB (CRWTF), with responsibilities for planning and implementation of corporate financial strategy, reporting to the CEO and working closely with the Board and its various committees.



 










Eyal Ben Moshe
VP Research and Development
 

Eyal Ben-Moshe has more than 20 years of experience in research, development and engineering, spanning several disciplines including mechanics, electronics, materials, and managing large Development teams in the IAI (Israel Aerospace Industries).  Eyal filled a range of technology leadership roles at companies focusing mainly on medical devices, directing the development of new products from the concept phase through to production. Eyal holds a BSc in Mechanical Engineering and MSc in Biomedical Engineering from the Ben-Gurion University

 
Bio to come



 








Ahava Stein
VP Regulatory Affairs & QA
 
Ahava Stein is an expert in regulatory affairs, clinical and quality assurance (QA) specializing in FDA and CE submissions with over 20 years of experience working directly with the FDA, Including regulatory submissions for 510(k), PMA, IDE, Pre-IDE, 513(g), and RFD, for a wide variety of innovative, medical devices and participation in PMA Panel meetings. Ms. Stein has managed multicenter, clinical studies, participated in numerous BIMO inspections, clinical site inspections in the US, Europe and Israel. Ms. Stein has extensive experience in implementing QA systems at medical device companies, submitting PMA manufacturing sections and participating in a multitude of QSR and ISO 13485 inspections by the FDA and European Notified Bodies.

 































Microbot Medical Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:17 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Microbot Medical Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Microbot Medical Inc., a pre-clinical medical device company, researches, designs, and develops next generation micro-robotics assisted medical technologies targeting the minimally invasive surgery space. The company’s product candidates include Self Cleaning Shunt for the treatment of hydrocephalus and normal pressure hydrocephalus; and TipCAT, a semi-disposable, flexible, and self-propelled endoscope for use in colonoscopy procedures, as well as ViRob, a revolutionary autonomous crawling micro-robot technology, which can be controlled remotely or within the body. Microbot Medical Inc. was founded in 2010 and is based in Yokneam, Israel.


5 Hamada StreetYokneam,  2069204IsraelFounded in 20106 Employees



Phone: 908 9 385561

Fax: 972 4 8200712

www.microbotmedical.com







Key Executives for Microbot Medical Inc.




Mr. Harel Gadot


      	Co-Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 44
        

Total Annual Compensation: $275.0K








Mr. David Ben Naim


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 48
        

Total Annual Compensation: $6.0K








Mr. Yehezkel Himelfarb BSc, MBA


      	Chief Operating Officer and General Manager
      


Age: 59
        

Total Annual Compensation: $16.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Microbot Medical Inc. Key Developments

Microbot Mulls Acquisitions
Jun 5 17
Microbot Medical Inc. (NasdaqCM:MBOT) is looking for acquisition opportunities. Microbot announced today that it has entered into a securities purchase agreement with three institutional investors to purchase 3.75 million shares of common stock for total gross proceeds of $10.125 million, before deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses. Microbot expects to use the resources from the financing to expand and leverage the current ViRob and TipCAT technology platforms, for potential strategic partnerships and acquisition of assets, products or entities, and for general corporate and working capital purposes.


Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
May 15 17
Microbot Medical Inc. announced unaudited consolidated earnings results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company operating loss of USD 1,233,000 against USD 285,000 a year ago. Net loss was USD 1,307,000 or USD 0.04 basic and diluted loss per share against USD 276,000 or USD 0.01 basic and diluted loss per share a year ago.


Microbot Medical Seeks Acquisition
Mar 31 17
Microbot Medical Inc. (NasdaqCM:MBOT) has filed a Shelf Registration in the amount of $75 million. Microbot in its prospectus stated-"We cannot assure you that we will receive any proceeds in connection with securities which may be offered pursuant to this prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we intend to use any net proceeds from the sale of securities under this prospectus for our operations, our further development and commercialization of our product candidates, and other general corporate purposes, which may include, but are not limited to, working capital, intellectual property protection and enforcement, capital expenditures, repayment of indebtedness, investments, acquisitions and collaborations."


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2P2D Solutions Ltd. Middle East/Africa A.B. Dental Devices, Limited Middle East/Africa ActiVein Inc. Middle East/Africa Acuity Ltd. Middle East/Africa ADM  Advanced Dialysis Methods Ltd. Middle East/Africa




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      August 15, 2016
			    
StemCells Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Microbot Medical Inc., please visit www.microbotmedical.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Issuance of a Canadian Patent Covering a Self-Cleaning ShuntHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)The Final RoundMajor indices hit new closing highs; Facebook earnings on tapLive at 3:55 p.m. ETMicrobot Medical Inc. Announces Issuance of a Canadian Patent Covering a Self-Cleaning ShuntGlobeNewswire•May 31, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareHINGHAM, Mass., May 31, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Microbot Medical Inc. (MBOT), a medical device company specializing in the design and development of transformational micro-robotic medical technologies, announced today that the Canadian Intellectual Property Office has granted patent No. 2,803,0462, covering the Company’s Self-Cleaning Shunt (SCS™).“This patent continues to strengthen our IP for the self-cleaning shunt platform and complements the forthcoming US patent that was allowed earlier in the year.  These and other patents in our portfolio allow us to position the Company to enter additional sizeable markets while leveraging the use of our transformational technology,” commented Harel Gadot, CEO, President and Chairman.  “We continue to make significant progress towards the development of our initial SCS product, which focuses on the Ventriculoperitoneal (VP) Shunts space.   We are addressing large unmet markets with our unique technology platforms, and as we grow our transformational micro-robotic technologies, we will continue to maintain and strengthen our IP portfolio as well.”The patent covers an inlet head for use on shunts, such as Ventriculoperitoneal (VP) Shunts, which are implanted in Hydrocephalus patients for draining excess cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). The inlet head includes a tube with openings disposed in its wall, and a cleaning element installed inside the tube, such that mutual vibratory motion between the cleaning element and the tube, maintains the openings clear and thereby prevents shunt occlusion.  The Company has an exclusive license for the patent from the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology.Globally, the Company now has 21 patents issued and 15 patent applications pending worldwide. The Company’s patents cover its ViRob™ and TipCAT™ technology platforms.About Microbot Medical, Inc.Microbot, which was founded in 2010 and commenced operations in 2011, became a NASDAQ listed company on November 28, 2016. The Company specializes in transformational micro-robotic medical technologies leveraging the natural and artificial lumens within the human body. Microbot’s current platforms, ViRob™ and TipCAT™, are comprised of two highly advanced micro-robotic technologies, from which the Company is currently developing its first two product candidates: the Self Cleaning Shunt, or SCS™, for the treatment of hydrocephalus and Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus, or NPH; and a self-propelling, semi-disposable endoscope that is being developed initially for use in colonoscopy procedures. Further information about Microbot Medical is available at http://www.microbotmedical.com.The ViRob™ technology is a revolutionary autonomous crawling micro-robot which can be controlled remotely or within the body.  Its miniature dimensions allow it to navigate and crawl in different spaces within the human body, including blood vessels, the digestive tract and the respiratory system.  Its unique structure gives it the ability to move in tight spaces and curved passages as well as the ability to remain within the human body for prolonged time.  To learn more about ViRob™ please visit http://www.microbotmedical.com/technology/virob/.TipCAT™ is a transformational self-propelled, flexible, and semi-disposable endoscope providing see & treat capabilities within tubular lumens in the human body such as the colon, blood vessels, and the urinary tract.  Its locomotion mechanism is perfectly suitable to navigate and crawl through natural & artificial tubular lumens, applying the minimal necessary pressure to achieve the adequate friction required for gentle, fast, and safe advancement within the human body.  To learn more about TipCAT™ visit http://www.microbotmedical.com/technology/tipcat/.Safe HarborStatements pertaining to future financial and/or operating results, future growth in research, technology, clinical development, and potential opportunities for Microbot Medical Inc. and its subsidiaries, along with other statements about the future expectations, beliefs, goals, plans, or prospects expressed by management constitute forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not historical fact (including, but not limited to statements that contain words such as “will,” “believes,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “expects” and “estimates”) should also be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks inherent in the development and/or commercialization of potential products, uncertainty in the results of clinical trials or regulatory approvals, need and ability to obtain future capital, and maintenance of intellectual property rights. Actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements and as such should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect the businesses of Microbot Medical Inc. particularly those mentioned in the cautionary statements found in Microbot Medical Inc.’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Microbot Medical disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements.Read MoreReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextFJ Company's FJ40 is the Toyota Land Cruiser you really wantAutoblogDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe Fermi Paradox: Why Haven’t We Found Alien Life Anywhere Else in the Universe?NewsweekNvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Isn’t as Attractive as the CompanyInvestorPlaceWall Street regulator says digital coin offerings may require oversightReutersEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredYou can watch 300 Jedi fight 60,000 medieval soldiers thanks to technologyBGR NewsKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business Insider'I'm going to issue a warning': Howard Marks' outlines the dangers of today's marketYahoo FinanceWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredMcCain slams Trump's transgender military ban, says it's why 'major policy announcements should not be made via Twitter'Business InsiderAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoImmigration is the 'single best way' to lift economic standardsYahoo FinanceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredFED HOLDS RATES, FOMC HINTS AT SEPTEMBER UNWINDYahoo FinanceWhat Silicon Valley employees are doing with their red-hot stock grantsYahoo FinanceCaitlyn Jenner Responds To Trump's Military BanBrent: Bruce needs to go away. Transgender is a mental health issue.Join the Conversation1 / 5222








Microbot Medical Inc STEM Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                       Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Health Care  > Microbot Medical Inc   Plunkett Research Online: Microbot Medical Inc    MICROBOT MEDICAL INC (STEM) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTMicrobot Medical, Inc. is a pre-clinical medical device company specializing in research, design and development of next generation micro-robotics assisted medical technologies targeting the minimally invasive surgery space.  The firm is currently developing its first two product candidates: the Sel..... MICROBOT MEDICAL INC  Ticker: STEMExchange: NASParent Company: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 212-850-6020Fax: 972-4-8200-712Address: 25 Recreation Park Drive, Ste. 108Hingham, MA 02043 United States MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:   Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription Harel GadotCEO/Pres./Chmn.George KoshyChief Accounting Officer See More Microbot Medical, Inc. is a pre-clinical medical device company specializing in research, design and development of next generation micro-robotics assisted medical technologies targeting the minimally invasive surgery space. The firm is currently developing its first two product candidates: the Sel.....See More See More  Financials  Compare to Industry Averages  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers 2016201520142013201220112010SalesProfitsBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  SalaryBonusOther ThoughtsCorporate Culture    Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 









Microbot Medical Inc. Continues To Solidify IP Portfolio With US Patent For Previously Disclosed Device For Preventing Shunt Stenosis - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Microbot Medical Inc. Continues To Solidify IP Portfolio With US Patent For Previously Disclosed Device For Preventing Shunt Stenosis






GlobeNewswire



Jun 14, 2017 7:00 AM EDT













 


















































 HINGHAM, Mass., June 14, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Microbot Medical Inc. (Nasdaq:MBOT), a medical device company specializing in the design and development of transformational micro-robotic medical technologies, today announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office ("USPTO") has granted patent number 9,675,748, which covers a device for the prevention of shunt stenosis.  The Company also filed with the USPTO a Continuation Application to further establish and enhance the Company's innovative solutions for preventing shunt stenosis.  "Expanding and protecting our innovative technology platforms is one of the main focus areas of the Company, especially as we expect significant milestones in the coming months for our initial Self Cleaning Shunt™ product," commented Harel Gadot, CEO, President and Chairman.  "Our innovative technology platforms, which we believe are well ahead of the micro robotic curve, position the Company to address multi-billion market opportunities.  The addition of the proceeds from our recently completed equity offering gives us the resources to execute upon these opportunities and strengthen our unique core capabilities to implement other market-penetrating growth prospects".  The patent covers systems and methods for reducing venous stenosis associated with the use of hemodialysis shunts. A clearing device is inserted through a first bore, while dialyzed blood is being returned into the blood vessel through a second bore. The clearing device may be a passive device moved down the blood vessel by the blood flow or an autonomous crawling device, such as Microbot's TipCat™ device, which is based on a series of sequentially inflatable chambers. This new patent provides an additional layer of protection to Microbot's innovative TipCat™ and ViRob™ platforms, extending beyond their current IP protected applications.   



 








 































































 











Trending


If Donald Trump Is Right, How Many Jobs Would 3 Apple Factories in the U.S. Really Create?


Facebook Could Plunge by 5% or More in a Few Hours


Apple CEO Tim Cook Tweets Against Trump's Military Transgender Ban


Facebook Earnings Live Blog


Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates? We Found 9 Products You'll Want to Check Out.











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 













  MBOT:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Microbot Medical Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Microbot Medical Inc   MBOT:US   NASDAQ CM        1.250USD   0.020   1.57%     As of 4:00 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Open   1.280    Day Range   1.177 - 1.282    Volume   673,541    Previous Close   1.270    52Wk Range   1.070 - 26.910    1 Yr Return   -67.70%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1.280    Day Range   1.177 - 1.282    Volume   673,541    Previous Close   1.270    52Wk Range   1.070 - 26.910    1 Yr Return   -67.70%    YTD Return   -79.51%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -3.493    Market Cap (m USD)   39.837    Shares Outstanding  (m)   32.126    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change -0.31%     Industry Health Care Equipment & Services   % Price Change -0.40%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     6/14/2017   Microbot Medical Inc. Continues to Solidify IP Portfolio with US Patent for Previously Disclosed Device for Preventing Shunt St     6/9/2017   Microbot Medical Announces Closing of $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock     6/5/2017   Microbot Medical Announces $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock     5/31/2017   Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Issuance of a Canadian Patent Covering a Self-Cleaning Shunt     5/15/2017   Microbot Medical Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Recent Development Progress     5/11/2017   Martin J. Madden Joins Novocure Board of Directors     3/29/2017   Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Investor Briefing Conference Call and Webcast     3/13/2017   Microbot Medical Inc. to Present at the 29th Annual ROTH Growth Conference     2/23/2017   Microbot Medical Inc. To Ring Closing Bell at Nasdaq On February 23, 2017     2/22/2017   Microbot Medical Inc. (Nasdaq: MBOT) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing Bell    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Microbot Medical Inc. operates as a medical device company. The Company specializes in the research, design, development, and commercialization of micro-robotics assisted medical technologies. Microbot Medical offers its services in the United States.    Address  175 Derby StreetSuite 27/1Hingham, MA 02043United States   Phone  1-908-938-5561   Website   www.microbotmedical.com     Executives Board Members    Harel Gadot  Chairman/President/CEO    David Ben-Naim  Chief Financial Officer    Yehezkel Himelfarb "Hezi"  COO/Gen Mgr:Isreali Ops     Show More         

MBOT Stock Price - Microbot Medical Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Facebook shares down as much as 4% after quarterly results 






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,711.01


97.58


0.45%











S&P 500

2,477.83


0.70


0.03%











Nasdaq

6,422.75


10.57


0.16%











GlobalDow

2,859.22


14.80


0.52%











Gold

1,267.10


8.60


0.68%











Oil

48.73


0.84


1.75%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








4:16p

Bill to repeal Obamacare fails in Senate 



4:16p

Gilead Sciences shares rise after quarterly results top Street view



4:16p

Facebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat: Live blog



4:15p

Buffalo Wild Wings's stock halted for news until 4:35 p.m. ET



4:15p

Buffalo Wild Wings cuts 2017 adj. EPS outlook to $4.50-$5.00 from $5.45-$5.90



4:14p

How the Fed’s big balance sheet unwind may affect markets



4:14p

Buffalo Wild Wings sees 2017 same-store sales down 1% to down 2%; FactSet consensus up 1%



4:13p

Senate rejects bill to repeal Obamacare 



4:12p

Buffalo Wild Wings Q2 company-owned same-store sales down 1.2%; FactSet consensus was flat



4:12p

Updated
Where to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


MBOT


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



MBOT
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Microbot Medical Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateMBOTAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 4:00 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
1.25



-0.02
-1.57%






Previous Close




$1.2700





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




77.11% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    673.5K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 873.5K
            





Open: 1.28
Close: 1.25



1.1774
Day Low/High
1.2815





Day Range



1.0700
52 Week Low/High
26.9100


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$1.28



Day Range
1.1774 - 1.2815



52 Week Range
1.0700 - 26.9100



Market Cap
$36.04M



Shares Outstanding
28.38M



Public Float
3.46M



Beta
0.84



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-18.23



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
1.15M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
33.39%



Average Volume
873.49K




 


Performance




5 Day


11.61%







1 Month


-22.36%







3 Month


-75.05%







YTD


-79.51%







1 Year


-65.79%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Microbot Medical's stock plunges after stake sold at deep discount
Shares of Microbot Medical Inc.  plunged 23% in premarket trade Monday, after the micro-robotic medical technologies company announced the sale of shares at a deep discount to the latest closing price. The company said it entered into an agreement with three institutional investors for the sale of 3.75 million shares for $10.125 million. That implies a price of $2.70 a share, which is 41% below Friday's closing price of $3.81. The number of shares sold represents about 13% of the shares outstanding, according to FactSet. Microbot said it to expects to use the proceeds from the share sale to expand its current technology platforms, for potential strategic partnerships and the potential acquisition of assets. The stock had run up 41% over the past three sessions after closing at a record low of $2.69 on May 30. It has plummeted 38% year to date through Friday, while the S&P 500  has gained 8.9%. 

Jun. 5, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Microbot Medical's stock plunges 23% premarket after shares sold at deep discount
Microbot Medical's stock plunges 23% premarket after shares sold at deep discount

Jun. 5, 2017 at 9:12 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










Stocks close slightly higher as Fed rate-hike debate rages on

Aug. 17, 2016 at 4:12 p.m. ET
by Wallace Witkowski









StemCells tumbled 27% premarket, after rocketing 7-fold in the previous session


Aug. 17, 2016 at 7:50 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










StemCells CEO, CFO and three directors resigned the day of merger that boosted stock sevenfold

Aug. 17, 2016 at 6:52 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









StemCells stock increases more than sixfold on news of merger with Microbot Medical


Aug. 16, 2016 at 2:32 p.m. ET
by Emma Court









StemCells stock rockets 488% after merger is announced


Aug. 16, 2016 at 2:27 p.m. ET
by Emma Court










Stocks end lower, post modest monthly gains

May. 31, 2016 at 5:00 p.m. ET
by Anora Mahmudova










StemCells can’t fix its problems with a reverse split, or by burying bad news

May. 31, 2016 at 3:33 p.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









StemCells' stock plunges 61% premarket announcing plans to wind down operations


May. 31, 2016 at 8:47 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









StemCells plans to wind down company after it runs out of money


May. 31, 2016 at 8:41 a.m. ET
by Emma R. Court









StemCells shares halted in premarket trade


May. 31, 2016 at 8:19 a.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane










Tuesday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks

Feb. 12, 2013 at 3:36 p.m. ET
by Sue Chang









Insider filings one way to track tricky micro-cap biotechs


Oct. 24, 2012 at 12:14 p.m. ET









StemCells shares rise 24% in preopen trade


Sep. 4, 2012 at 7:35 a.m. ET
by Greg Morcroft









StemCells soars ahead of data presentation


Aug. 30, 2012 at 2:33 p.m. ET
by Val Brickates Kennedy









StemCells rockets 40%  on Alzheimer's study


Jul. 17, 2012 at 11:13 a.m. ET
by Val Brickates Kennedy













StemCells Set to Regenerate Itself


Mar. 29, 2016 at 8:07 a.m. ET
on Barron's









StemCells Stock Could Reach $3


Dec. 28, 2015 at 7:24 a.m. ET
on Barron's









StemCells Seen Funded Through 2015


Oct. 22, 2013 at 11:49 a.m. ET
on Barron's










Financial Shares Provide a Boost

Feb. 12, 2013 at 4:43 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: Michael Kors,  Barclays and Facebook


Feb. 12, 2013 at 9:29 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Stocks to Watch: Campbell Soup, Medicis Pharma, Questcor Pharma

Sep. 4, 2012 at 9:13 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: RIM, Cablevision and More


Dec. 16, 2011 at 9:10 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






DryShips: Rank #1 As Worst Stock In Nasdaq
DryShips: Rank #1 As Worst Stock In Nasdaq

Jun. 19, 2017 at 2:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot Medical Inc (MBOT) Announces the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Issuance of for Previously Shunt Stenosis Device
Microbot Medical Inc (NASDAQ:MBOT) announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) has ...[...]

Jun. 14, 2017 at 10:07 a.m. ET
on SmarterAnalyst





Premarket Gainers as of 9:05 am
Premarket Gainers as of 9:05 am

Jun. 14, 2017 at 9:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot Medical continues to solidify IP portfolio with US patent for device for preventing shunt stenosis; shares are ahead 12% premarket
Microbot Medical continues to solidify IP portfolio with US patent for device for preventing shunt stenosis; shares are ahead 12% premarket

Jun. 14, 2017 at 8:18 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot Medical Inc (MBOT) Shares Took a Hit on Back of Share Dilution
Microbot Medical Inc (NASDAQ:MBOT) announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with three institutional ...[...]

Jun. 5, 2017 at 10:40 a.m. ET
on SmarterAnalyst





Microbot completes round trip on equity offering; shares down 28%
Microbot completes round trip on equity offering; shares down 28%

Jun. 5, 2017 at 10:24 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot nabs Canadian patent protecting self-cleaning shunt; shares ahead 27%
Microbot nabs Canadian patent protecting self-cleaning shunt; shares ahead 27%

May. 31, 2017 at 2:27 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: MICROBOT MEDICAL INC.
10-Q: MICROBOT MEDICAL INC.

May. 15, 2017 at 5:51 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Microbot Medical (MBOT) Presents At The MicroCap Conference - Slideshow


Apr. 4, 2017 at 2:38 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-K: MICROBOT MEDICAL INC.


Mar. 21, 2017 at 2:18 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Microbot Medical (MBOT) Presents At 29th Annual ROTH Conference


Mar. 15, 2017 at 3:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot get NOA from U.S. Patent Office for shunt stenosis device


Feb. 22, 2017 at 7:37 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot Medical: ~$250 Million Market Cap... Irrational Exuberance At Its Best


Jan. 12, 2017 at 3:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Stem Cells tries to regain upward momentum after merger-stoked up move in August


Nov. 16, 2016 at 11:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: STEMCELLS INC


Nov. 3, 2016 at 4:07 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





StemCells: The Miracle Of The Multiplication


Aug. 17, 2016 at 10:05 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Stemcell Merger: Why It Happened


Aug. 17, 2016 at 8:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





StemCells to be taken private by Israel's Microbot Medical


Aug. 15, 2016 at 10:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: STEMCELLS INC


Aug. 15, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Tigenix The Latest To Find Stem Cell Appetite In Japan


Jul. 6, 2016 at 11:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Medical Supplies Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Endologix, Microbot Medical, ConforMIS, and Insulet
Medical Supplies Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Endologix, Microbot Medical, ConforMIS, and Insulet

Jun. 21, 2017 at 7:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Microbot Medical Inc. Continues to Solidify IP Portfolio with US Patent for Previously Disclosed Device for Preventing Shunt Stenosis
Microbot Medical Inc. Continues to Solidify IP Portfolio with US Patent for Previously Disclosed Device for Preventing Shunt Stenosis

Jun. 14, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Announces Closing of $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock
Microbot Medical Announces Closing of $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock

Jun. 9, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Announces $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock
Microbot Medical Announces $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock

Jun. 5, 2017 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Issuance of a Canadian Patent Covering a Self-Cleaning Shunt
Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Issuance of a Canadian Patent Covering a Self-Cleaning Shunt

May. 31, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Recent Development Progress
Microbot Medical Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Recent Development Progress

May. 15, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Research Reports Initiation on Medical Stocks -- Microbot Medical, Cooper Cos., Dextera Surgical, and ConforMIS
Research Reports Initiation on Medical Stocks -- Microbot Medical, Cooper Cos., Dextera Surgical, and ConforMIS

Apr. 28, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Investor Briefing Conference Call and Webcast


Mar. 29, 2017 at 4:02 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. to Present at the 29th Annual ROTH Growth Conference


Mar. 13, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Global Medical Robots Industry


Feb. 27, 2017 at 12:16 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Microbot Medical Inc. To Ring Closing Bell at Nasdaq On February 23, 2017


Feb. 23, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. (Nasdaq: MBOT) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing Bell


Feb. 22, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Significant Technology Patent Allowance in the U.S.


Feb. 22, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Strengthens Board of Directors with Medical Device Veteran Martin J. Madden


Feb. 7, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Research Collaboration Agreement with Washington University School of Medicine, a Leading Academic Institution to Evaluate a Revolutionary Self-Cleaning Shunt Device Designed to Prevent Obstruction in Cerebrospinal Fluid Catheters


Jan. 30, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. to Present at the Thirteenth Annual Noble Capital Markets Investor Conference


Jan. 23, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces $3.5 Million Registered Direct Offering


Jan. 5, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces First Investor Briefing Conference Call and Webcast


Dec. 15, 2016 at 11:03 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Appoints Hezi Himelfarb as General Manager and Chief Operating Officer


Dec. 6, 2016 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Closes Asset Sale; Proceeds will be Used to Further Develop its Innovative Micro-robotic Technologies


Dec. 1, 2016 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











Microbot Medical Inc.


            
            Microbot Medical, Inc. engages in the research, design, development, and commercialization of micro-robotics assisted medical technologies. Its carries out its operations through the ViRob and TipCat paltforms. The company's ViRob platform technology is an autonomous crawling micro-robot that can be controlled remotely or within the body. It makes use of the Self-Cleaning Shunt (SCS), a robotic system designed as the ventricular catheter portion of a Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) shunt system, and is mainly used for the treatment of hydrocephalus and Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus. The TipCAT platform, a self-propelling, flexible, and semi-disposable endoscope provides see-and-treat capabilities within tubular lumens in the human body such as the colon, blood vessels, and the urinary tract. It is developed for use in colonoscopy procedures. The company was founded by Harel Gadot, Moshe Shoham, and Yossi Bornstein in 2010, and is headquartered in Hingham, MA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  





Chardan Initiates Asterias Biotherapeutics At Buy On Potential Cell Therapy Competitiveness


May. 23, 2016 at 11:47 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Maxim Still Calling For 900% Upside At StemCells After Latest Phase II Data


Apr. 19, 2016 at 11:41 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





StemCells Is Restructuring To Save Cash, But What's That Mean For Investors?


Dec. 24, 2015 at 9:34 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








GILD

0.61%








PYPL

0.91%








WLL

-0.57%








BA

9.88%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Senate rejects bill to repeal parts of Obamacare without replacement »
        

Facebook shares down as much as 4% after quarterly results  »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




4:17 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:18pFacebook beats second-quarter earnings expectations 
4:17pBill to repeal Obamacare fails in Senate 
4:16pGilead Sciences shares rise after quarterly results top Street view
4:16pFacebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat: Live blog
4:16pBuffalo Wild Wings's stock halted for news until 4:35 p.m. ET
4:15pBuffalo Wild Wings cuts 2017 adj. EPS outlook to $4.50-$5.00 from $5.45-$5.90
4:15pHow the Fed’s big balance sheet unwind may affect markets
4:14pBuffalo Wild Wings sees 2017 same-store sales down 1% to down 2%; FactSet consensus up 1%
4:14pSenate rejects bill to repeal Obamacare 
4:13pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 company-owned same-store sales down 1.2%; FactSet consensus was flat
4:13pWhere to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map
4:12pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 revenue $500.0 mln vs. $490.2 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $512.7 mln
4:11pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 adj. EPS 66 cents; FactSet consensus $1.04
4:11pFacebook monthly active users 2.01 billion, FactSet consensus 1.93 billion 
4:10pFacebook daily active users 1.32 billion, FactSet consensus 1.32 billion 
4:10pFacebook Q2 revenue $9.3 billion vs. $6.4 billion; FactSet consensus $9.2 billion
4:09pFacebook Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.12
4:09pFacebook Q2 EPS $1.32 vs. 78 cents
4:09pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 EPS 55 cents vs. $1.27 last year
4:09pBREAKINGBoeing's record stock rally added 144 points to Dow
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Senate rejects bill to repeal parts of Obamacare without replacement »
        

Facebook shares down as much as 4% after quarterly results  »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




4:17 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:18pFacebook beats second-quarter earnings expectations 
4:17pBill to repeal Obamacare fails in Senate 
4:16pGilead Sciences shares rise after quarterly results top Street view
4:16pFacebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat: Live blog
4:16pBuffalo Wild Wings's stock halted for news until 4:35 p.m. ET
4:15pBuffalo Wild Wings cuts 2017 adj. EPS outlook to $4.50-$5.00 from $5.45-$5.90
4:15pHow the Fed’s big balance sheet unwind may affect markets
4:14pBuffalo Wild Wings sees 2017 same-store sales down 1% to down 2%; FactSet consensus up 1%
4:14pSenate rejects bill to repeal Obamacare 
4:13pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 company-owned same-store sales down 1.2%; FactSet consensus was flat
4:13pWhere to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map
4:12pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 revenue $500.0 mln vs. $490.2 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $512.7 mln
4:11pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 adj. EPS 66 cents; FactSet consensus $1.04
4:11pFacebook monthly active users 2.01 billion, FactSet consensus 1.93 billion 
4:10pFacebook daily active users 1.32 billion, FactSet consensus 1.32 billion 
4:10pFacebook Q2 revenue $9.3 billion vs. $6.4 billion; FactSet consensus $9.2 billion
4:09pFacebook Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.12
4:09pFacebook Q2 EPS $1.32 vs. 78 cents
4:09pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 EPS 55 cents vs. $1.27 last year
4:09pBREAKINGBoeing's record stock rally added 144 points to Dow
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Senate rejects bill to repeal parts of Obamacare without replacement »
        

Facebook shares down as much as 4% after quarterly results  »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




4:17 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:18pFacebook beats second-quarter earnings expectations 
4:17pBill to repeal Obamacare fails in Senate 
4:16pGilead Sciences shares rise after quarterly results top Street view
4:16pFacebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat: Live blog
4:16pBuffalo Wild Wings's stock halted for news until 4:35 p.m. ET
4:15pBuffalo Wild Wings cuts 2017 adj. EPS outlook to $4.50-$5.00 from $5.45-$5.90
4:15pHow the Fed’s big balance sheet unwind may affect markets
4:14pBuffalo Wild Wings sees 2017 same-store sales down 1% to down 2%; FactSet consensus up 1%
4:14pSenate rejects bill to repeal Obamacare 
4:13pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 company-owned same-store sales down 1.2%; FactSet consensus was flat
4:13pWhere to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map
4:12pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 revenue $500.0 mln vs. $490.2 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $512.7 mln
4:11pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 adj. EPS 66 cents; FactSet consensus $1.04
4:11pFacebook monthly active users 2.01 billion, FactSet consensus 1.93 billion 
4:10pFacebook daily active users 1.32 billion, FactSet consensus 1.32 billion 
4:10pFacebook Q2 revenue $9.3 billion vs. $6.4 billion; FactSet consensus $9.2 billion
4:09pFacebook Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.12
4:09pFacebook Q2 EPS $1.32 vs. 78 cents
4:09pBuffalo Wild Wings Q2 EPS 55 cents vs. $1.27 last year
4:09pBREAKINGBoeing's record stock rally added 144 points to Dow
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































MBOT Stock Price - Microbot Medical Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Facebook shares down as much as 4% after quarterly results 






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,711.01


97.58


0.45%











S&P 500

2,477.83


0.70


0.03%











Nasdaq

6,422.75


10.57


0.16%











GlobalDow

2,859.22


14.80


0.52%











Gold

1,267.10


8.60


0.68%











Oil

48.73


0.84


1.75%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








4:16p

Bill to repeal Obamacare fails in Senate 



4:16p

Gilead Sciences shares rise after quarterly results top Street view



4:16p

Facebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat: Live blog



4:15p

Buffalo Wild Wings's stock halted for news until 4:35 p.m. ET



4:15p

Buffalo Wild Wings cuts 2017 adj. EPS outlook to $4.50-$5.00 from $5.45-$5.90



4:14p

How the Fed’s big balance sheet unwind may affect markets



4:14p

Buffalo Wild Wings sees 2017 same-store sales down 1% to down 2%; FactSet consensus up 1%



4:13p

Senate rejects bill to repeal Obamacare 



4:12p

Buffalo Wild Wings Q2 company-owned same-store sales down 1.2%; FactSet consensus was flat



4:12p

Updated
Where to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


MBOT


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



MBOT
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Microbot Medical Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateMBOTAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 4:00 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
1.25



-0.02
-1.57%






Previous Close




$1.2700





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




77.11% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    673.5K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 873.5K
            





Open: 1.28
Close: 1.25



1.1774
Day Low/High
1.2815





Day Range



1.0700
52 Week Low/High
26.9100


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$1.28



Day Range
1.1774 - 1.2815



52 Week Range
1.0700 - 26.9100



Market Cap
$36.04M



Shares Outstanding
28.38M



Public Float
3.46M



Beta
0.84



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-18.23



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
1.15M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
33.39%



Average Volume
873.49K




 


Performance




5 Day


11.61%







1 Month


-22.36%







3 Month


-75.05%







YTD


-79.51%







1 Year


-65.79%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Microbot Medical's stock plunges after stake sold at deep discount
Shares of Microbot Medical Inc.  plunged 23% in premarket trade Monday, after the micro-robotic medical technologies company announced the sale of shares at a deep discount to the latest closing price. The company said it entered into an agreement with three institutional investors for the sale of 3.75 million shares for $10.125 million. That implies a price of $2.70 a share, which is 41% below Friday's closing price of $3.81. The number of shares sold represents about 13% of the shares outstanding, according to FactSet. Microbot said it to expects to use the proceeds from the share sale to expand its current technology platforms, for potential strategic partnerships and the potential acquisition of assets. The stock had run up 41% over the past three sessions after closing at a record low of $2.69 on May 30. It has plummeted 38% year to date through Friday, while the S&P 500  has gained 8.9%. 

Jun. 5, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Microbot Medical's stock plunges 23% premarket after shares sold at deep discount
Microbot Medical's stock plunges 23% premarket after shares sold at deep discount

Jun. 5, 2017 at 9:12 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










Stocks close slightly higher as Fed rate-hike debate rages on

Aug. 17, 2016 at 4:12 p.m. ET
by Wallace Witkowski









StemCells tumbled 27% premarket, after rocketing 7-fold in the previous session


Aug. 17, 2016 at 7:50 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










StemCells CEO, CFO and three directors resigned the day of merger that boosted stock sevenfold

Aug. 17, 2016 at 6:52 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









StemCells stock increases more than sixfold on news of merger with Microbot Medical


Aug. 16, 2016 at 2:32 p.m. ET
by Emma Court









StemCells stock rockets 488% after merger is announced


Aug. 16, 2016 at 2:27 p.m. ET
by Emma Court










Stocks end lower, post modest monthly gains

May. 31, 2016 at 5:00 p.m. ET
by Anora Mahmudova










StemCells can’t fix its problems with a reverse split, or by burying bad news

May. 31, 2016 at 3:33 p.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









StemCells' stock plunges 61% premarket announcing plans to wind down operations


May. 31, 2016 at 8:47 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









StemCells plans to wind down company after it runs out of money


May. 31, 2016 at 8:41 a.m. ET
by Emma R. Court









StemCells shares halted in premarket trade


May. 31, 2016 at 8:19 a.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane










Tuesday’s biggest gaining and declining stocks

Feb. 12, 2013 at 3:36 p.m. ET
by Sue Chang









Insider filings one way to track tricky micro-cap biotechs


Oct. 24, 2012 at 12:14 p.m. ET









StemCells shares rise 24% in preopen trade


Sep. 4, 2012 at 7:35 a.m. ET
by Greg Morcroft









StemCells soars ahead of data presentation


Aug. 30, 2012 at 2:33 p.m. ET
by Val Brickates Kennedy









StemCells rockets 40%  on Alzheimer's study


Jul. 17, 2012 at 11:13 a.m. ET
by Val Brickates Kennedy













StemCells Set to Regenerate Itself


Mar. 29, 2016 at 8:07 a.m. ET
on Barron's









StemCells Stock Could Reach $3


Dec. 28, 2015 at 7:24 a.m. ET
on Barron's









StemCells Seen Funded Through 2015


Oct. 22, 2013 at 11:49 a.m. ET
on Barron's










Financial Shares Provide a Boost

Feb. 12, 2013 at 4:43 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: Michael Kors,  Barclays and Facebook


Feb. 12, 2013 at 9:29 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Stocks to Watch: Campbell Soup, Medicis Pharma, Questcor Pharma

Sep. 4, 2012 at 9:13 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: RIM, Cablevision and More


Dec. 16, 2011 at 9:10 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






DryShips: Rank #1 As Worst Stock In Nasdaq
DryShips: Rank #1 As Worst Stock In Nasdaq

Jun. 19, 2017 at 2:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot Medical Inc (MBOT) Announces the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Issuance of for Previously Shunt Stenosis Device
Microbot Medical Inc (NASDAQ:MBOT) announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) has ...[...]

Jun. 14, 2017 at 10:07 a.m. ET
on SmarterAnalyst





Premarket Gainers as of 9:05 am
Premarket Gainers as of 9:05 am

Jun. 14, 2017 at 9:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot Medical continues to solidify IP portfolio with US patent for device for preventing shunt stenosis; shares are ahead 12% premarket
Microbot Medical continues to solidify IP portfolio with US patent for device for preventing shunt stenosis; shares are ahead 12% premarket

Jun. 14, 2017 at 8:18 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot Medical Inc (MBOT) Shares Took a Hit on Back of Share Dilution
Microbot Medical Inc (NASDAQ:MBOT) announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with three institutional ...[...]

Jun. 5, 2017 at 10:40 a.m. ET
on SmarterAnalyst





Microbot completes round trip on equity offering; shares down 28%
Microbot completes round trip on equity offering; shares down 28%

Jun. 5, 2017 at 10:24 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot nabs Canadian patent protecting self-cleaning shunt; shares ahead 27%
Microbot nabs Canadian patent protecting self-cleaning shunt; shares ahead 27%

May. 31, 2017 at 2:27 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: MICROBOT MEDICAL INC.
10-Q: MICROBOT MEDICAL INC.

May. 15, 2017 at 5:51 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Microbot Medical (MBOT) Presents At The MicroCap Conference - Slideshow


Apr. 4, 2017 at 2:38 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-K: MICROBOT MEDICAL INC.


Mar. 21, 2017 at 2:18 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Microbot Medical (MBOT) Presents At 29th Annual ROTH Conference


Mar. 15, 2017 at 3:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot get NOA from U.S. Patent Office for shunt stenosis device


Feb. 22, 2017 at 7:37 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Microbot Medical: ~$250 Million Market Cap... Irrational Exuberance At Its Best


Jan. 12, 2017 at 3:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Stem Cells tries to regain upward momentum after merger-stoked up move in August


Nov. 16, 2016 at 11:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: STEMCELLS INC


Nov. 3, 2016 at 4:07 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





StemCells: The Miracle Of The Multiplication


Aug. 17, 2016 at 10:05 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Stemcell Merger: Why It Happened


Aug. 17, 2016 at 8:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





StemCells to be taken private by Israel's Microbot Medical


Aug. 15, 2016 at 10:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: STEMCELLS INC


Aug. 15, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Tigenix The Latest To Find Stem Cell Appetite In Japan


Jul. 6, 2016 at 11:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Medical Supplies Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Endologix, Microbot Medical, ConforMIS, and Insulet
Medical Supplies Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Endologix, Microbot Medical, ConforMIS, and Insulet

Jun. 21, 2017 at 7:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Microbot Medical Inc. Continues to Solidify IP Portfolio with US Patent for Previously Disclosed Device for Preventing Shunt Stenosis
Microbot Medical Inc. Continues to Solidify IP Portfolio with US Patent for Previously Disclosed Device for Preventing Shunt Stenosis

Jun. 14, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Announces Closing of $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock
Microbot Medical Announces Closing of $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock

Jun. 9, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Announces $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock
Microbot Medical Announces $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock

Jun. 5, 2017 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Issuance of a Canadian Patent Covering a Self-Cleaning Shunt
Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Issuance of a Canadian Patent Covering a Self-Cleaning Shunt

May. 31, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Recent Development Progress
Microbot Medical Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Recent Development Progress

May. 15, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Research Reports Initiation on Medical Stocks -- Microbot Medical, Cooper Cos., Dextera Surgical, and ConforMIS
Research Reports Initiation on Medical Stocks -- Microbot Medical, Cooper Cos., Dextera Surgical, and ConforMIS

Apr. 28, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Investor Briefing Conference Call and Webcast


Mar. 29, 2017 at 4:02 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. to Present at the 29th Annual ROTH Growth Conference


Mar. 13, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Global Medical Robots Industry


Feb. 27, 2017 at 12:16 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Microbot Medical Inc. To Ring Closing Bell at Nasdaq On February 23, 2017


Feb. 23, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. (Nasdaq: MBOT) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing Bell


Feb. 22, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Significant Technology Patent Allowance in the U.S.


Feb. 22, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Strengthens Board of Directors with Medical Device Veteran Martin J. Madden


Feb. 7, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Research Collaboration Agreement with Washington University School of Medicine, a Leading Academic Institution to Evaluate a Revolutionary Self-Cleaning Shunt Device Designed to Prevent Obstruction in Cerebrospinal Fluid Catheters


Jan. 30, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. to Present at the Thirteenth Annual Noble Capital Markets Investor Conference


Jan. 23, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces $3.5 Million Registered Direct Offering


Jan. 5, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Inc. Announces First Investor Briefing Conference Call and Webcast


Dec. 15, 2016 at 11:03 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Appoints Hezi Himelfarb as General Manager and Chief Operating Officer


Dec. 6, 2016 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Microbot Medical Closes Asset Sale; Proceeds will be Used to Further Develop its Innovative Micro-robotic Technologies


Dec. 1, 2016 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











Microbot Medical Inc.


            
            Microbot Medical, Inc. engages in the research, design, development, and commercialization of micro-robotics assisted medical technologies. Its carries out its operations through the ViRob and TipCat paltforms. The company's ViRob platform technology is an autonomous crawling micro-robot that can be controlled remotely or within the body. It makes use of the Self-Cleaning Shunt (SCS), a robotic system designed as the ventricular catheter portion of a Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) shunt system, and is mainly used for the treatment of hydrocephalus and Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus. The TipCAT platform, a self-propelling, flexible, and semi-disposable endoscope provides see-and-treat capabilities within tubular lumens in the human body such as the colon, blood vessels, and the urinary tract. It is developed for use in colonoscopy procedures. The company was founded by Harel Gadot, Moshe Shoham, and Yossi Bornstein in 2010, and is headquartered in Hingham, MA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  





Chardan Initiates Asterias Biotherapeutics At Buy On Potential Cell Therapy Competitiveness


May. 23, 2016 at 11:47 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Maxim Still Calling For 900% Upside At StemCells After Latest Phase II Data


Apr. 19, 2016 at 11:41 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





StemCells Is Restructuring To Save Cash, But What's That Mean For Investors?


Dec. 24, 2015 at 9:34 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








GILD

0.61%








PYPL

0.91%








WLL

-0.57%








BA

9.88%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.


















Microbot Medical Inc. - MBOT - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
1.28


Day Low
1.18


Day High
1.28


52 Wk Low
1.07


52 Wk High
26.91


Avg. Volume
803,289


Market Cap
36.04 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
-0.38





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
NA


Current Qtr Est
NA


Current Yr Est
NA


Exp Earnings Date
8/21/17


Prior Year EPS
-41.06


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
NA


PEG Ratio
NA













Medical » Medical - Instruments





Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings







Premium Research for MBOT





Zacks Rank


                             NA
                            


Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 48%(128 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 38% (10  out of 16) 



Style Scores

NA Value | NA Growth | NA Momentum | NA VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for MBOT

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Microbot Medical Inc.
MBOT
NA


ABIOMED, Inc.
ABMD



Fresenius Medical Care Corporation
FMS



ConforMIS, Inc.
CFMS



Corindus Vascular Robotics, Inc.
CVRS



CryoLife, Inc.
CRY



Dextera Surgical Inc.
DXTR




See all Medical - Instruments Peers


 




Zacks News for MBOT

Companies In The News Report 1Q Earnings
05/07/07-12:00AM EST  Zacks

MBOT: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services




Company Summary
Microbot Medical Inc. is engaged in the research, design, development and commercialization of micro-robotics assisted medical technologies. Its product candidate includes the Self Cleaning Shunt for the treatment of hydrocephalus and Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus and TipCAT, a self-propelling, semi-disposable endoscope which is being developed initially for use in colonoscopy procedures. Microbot Medical Inc., formerly known as Stemcells, Inc., is headquartered in Hingham, MA.   





 







Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Issuance of a Canadian Patent Covering a Self-Cleaning Shunt Nasdaq:MBOT








































































English
Français











Register
Sign In












Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Issuance of a Canadian Patent Covering a Self-Cleaning Shunt
Continues to Strengthen Global IP Portfolio for ViRob™ and TipCAT™ Technology Platforms



















May 31, 2017 07:30 ET

 | Source: Microbot Medical






HINGHAM, Mass., May  31, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Microbot Medical Inc. (Nasdaq:MBOT), a medical device company specializing in the design and development of transformational micro-robotic medical technologies, announced today that the Canadian Intellectual Property Office has granted patent No. 2,803,0462, covering the Company’s Self-Cleaning Shunt (SCS™). “This patent continues to strengthen our IP for the self-cleaning shunt platform and complements the forthcoming US patent that was allowed earlier in the year.  These and other patents in our portfolio allow us to position the Company to enter additional sizeable markets while leveraging the use of our transformational technology,” commented Harel Gadot, CEO, President and Chairman.  “We continue to make significant progress towards the development of our initial SCS product, which focuses on the Ventriculoperitoneal (VP) Shunts space.   We are addressing large unmet markets with our unique technology platforms, and as we grow our transformational micro-robotic technologies, we will continue to maintain and strengthen our IP portfolio as well.” The patent covers an inlet head for use on shunts, such as Ventriculoperitoneal (VP) Shunts, which are implanted in Hydrocephalus patients for draining excess cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). The inlet head includes a tube with openings disposed in its wall, and a cleaning element installed inside the tube, such that mutual vibratory motion between the cleaning element and the tube, maintains the openings clear and thereby prevents shunt occlusion.  The Company has an exclusive license for the patent from the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology. Globally, the Company now has 21 patents issued and 15 patent applications pending worldwide. The Company’s patents cover its ViRob™ and TipCAT™ technology platforms. About Microbot Medical, Inc. Microbot, which was founded in 2010 and commenced operations in 2011, became a NASDAQ listed company on November 28, 2016. The Company specializes in transformational micro-robotic medical technologies leveraging the natural and artificial lumens within the human body. Microbot’s current platforms, ViRob™ and TipCAT™, are comprised of two highly advanced micro-robotic technologies, from which the Company is currently developing its first two product candidates: the Self Cleaning Shunt, or SCS™, for the treatment of hydrocephalus and Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus, or NPH; and a self-propelling, semi-disposable endoscope that is being developed initially for use in colonoscopy procedures. Further information about Microbot Medical is available at http://www.microbotmedical.com. The ViRob™ technology is a revolutionary autonomous crawling micro-robot which can be controlled remotely or within the body.  Its miniature dimensions allow it to navigate and crawl in different spaces within the human body, including blood vessels, the digestive tract and the respiratory system.  Its unique structure gives it the ability to move in tight spaces and curved passages as well as the ability to remain within the human body for prolonged time.  To learn more about ViRob™ please visit http://www.microbotmedical.com/technology/virob/. TipCAT™ is a transformational self-propelled, flexible, and semi-disposable endoscope providing see & treat capabilities within tubular lumens in the human body such as the colon, blood vessels, and the urinary tract.  Its locomotion mechanism is perfectly suitable to navigate and crawl through natural & artificial tubular lumens, applying the minimal necessary pressure to achieve the adequate friction required for gentle, fast, and safe advancement within the human body.  To learn more about TipCAT™ visit http://www.microbotmedical.com/technology/tipcat/. Safe Harbor Statements pertaining to future financial and/or operating results, future growth in research, technology, clinical development, and potential opportunities for Microbot Medical Inc. and its subsidiaries, along with other statements about the future expectations, beliefs, goals, plans, or prospects expressed by management constitute forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not historical fact (including, but not limited to statements that contain words such as “will,” “believes,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “expects” and “estimates”) should also be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks inherent in the development and/or commercialization of potential products, uncertainty in the results of clinical trials or regulatory approvals, need and ability to obtain future capital, and maintenance of intellectual property rights. Actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements and as such should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect the businesses of Microbot Medical Inc. particularly those mentioned in the cautionary statements found in Microbot Medical Inc.’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Microbot Medical disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements.Investor Contacts:

Analysts and Institutional Investors
Michael Polyviou
EVC Group
mpolyviou@evcgroup.com
646-445-4800

Individual Investors
Jeremy Roe
Integra Consulting Group llc
jeremy@integracg.net
(925) 262-8305


Related Articles
other press releases by Microbot Medical


Microbot Medical Inc. Continues to Solidify IP Portfolio with US Patent for Previously Disclosed Device for Preventing Shunt Stenosis
June 14, 2017 07:00


Microbot Medical Announces Closing of $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock
June 09, 2017 07:30


Microbot Medical Announces $10 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock
June 05, 2017 09:05


Microbot Medical Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Recent Development Progress
May 15, 2017 07:30


Microbot Medical Inc. Announces Investor Briefing Conference Call and Webcast
March 29, 2017 16:01






471



other news releases in

Product / Services Announcement

in the last 30 days
                            






279



other news releases in

Health

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Microbot Medical





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Yokneam,  ISRAEL




Contact Data
Investor Contacts:

Analysts and Institutional Investors
Michael Polyviou
EVC Group
mpolyviou@evcgroup.com
646-445-4800

Individual Investors
Jeremy Roe
Integra Consulting Group llc
jeremy@integracg.net
(925) 262-8305

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.





















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Robotics : Social Innovation : Hitachi





















Skip to main content




Search

U.S.A.

Hitachi GroupProducts & Services
Hitachi GroupCorporate Information









Sitemap
Contact Information


About Social Innovation

Solutions

Case Studies
Events





Site Top
Solutions
Robotics





Robotics “THE FUTURE IS OPEN TO SUGGESTIONS” – Web Movie –





Robotics

				Hitachi’s robotics contributes to society in various areas
            





					Hitachi develops a wide variety of robots integrated with an IoT platform to improve people’s lives.
				





                        IoT has accelerated co-creation between companies and has helped create new value. But in order to leverage the full potential of IoT, data processing must go beyond cyberspace. New and innovative services in the real world will depend on our ability to combine data with physical operations. That’s why robotics will play such a crucial role moving forward, as they become our bridge between the real and virtual worlds.
					

						At Hitachi, we’ve developed a wide range of robots for various applications by leveraging our expertise in operational technologies (OT). But we’re not developing technologies without reason. We’re implementing social innovation. By integrating robots with IoT platforms, and using that technology in social infrastructures, we’re actively promoting initiatives to improve people’s lives.
					










Humanoid Robot "EMIEW3" and Robotics IT Platform for Customer Services （Short Version） - Hitachi






EMIEW3 is a human symbiotic robot that aggregates data obtained from various external sensors.
Information necessary for providing services is then processed over a cloud-based robotics IT platform and fed back to the robot – helping it navigate, communicate, and interact with its surroundings.This IT infrastructure can also be integrated with existing operational systems to provide business intelligence by processing various kinds of relevant information. We also offer business solutions with interconnected robots.






					At Hitachi, we’ve been developing robotics technology for over half a century, while focusing on co-creation with clients to generate new value.
                





						The history of Hitachi Group’s robotics dates back to the 1960s with our Servo-Manipulator, a remote controlled device for nuclear power plant operations.Since then, Hitachi has introduced a wide variety of robots – from mechatronic products, such as semiconductor testing equipment and financial devices, to robots for extreme environments like nuclear power plants.

						With Hitachi’s R&D focusing on the development of automatic control and intelligent processing, our advanced robotics has served as the vehicle bringing these technologies to life.In 2005, Hitachi became one of the first companies to develop a human symbiotic robot. Rolling out improved functions in phases with new elemental technologies, by 2016 Hitachi proudly introduced EMIEW3, a service-assistance robot that can talk and work with people.
                    





                    We’re also focusing on co-creation with clients to generate new value. Currently, we’re actively setting up new facilities for conducting demonstration experiments, with multiple collaborative spaces already in operation to implement high-quality prototyping alongside our clients.
				




                    The proliferation of IoT in recent years has seen a wide array of information and knowledge stored in cyberspace. This shift has also made real-world applications of digital solutions increasingly realistic through robotics.
                    As we develop robotics solutions for the age of IoT, we’ll continue to drive social innovation forward, solving today’s challenges for a better future.
				




Hitachi has developed a wide variety of robotsthat offer new value to customers.





EMIEW3 is a Human Symbiotic Robot that Actively Communicates with People
EMIEW3 draws from Hitachi’s extensive expertise in robotics and digital solutions to realize a high level of autonomy. A cloud-based IT infrastructure serves as a “remote brain”, which monitors and controls the robot’s body. This brain connected with the robot’s body in real time also gives EMIEW3 the ability to communicate, navigate through its surroundings, and provide customer support and guidance.By accurately understanding situations in various service settings, EMIEW3 is able to recognize and approach those in need. It can even start up a conversation on its own to provide services — improving user satisfaction and  business efficiency.
								

								*For the practical application,EMIEW3 is conducting a demonstration test.
								

VIEW MORE








ROPITS is a Single-Passenger Mobility Support Robot that Autonomously Travels on Sidewalks
ROPITS is a single-passenger mobility support robot that features autonomous transportation. ROPITS can be summoned easily from anywhere in the city using a map on a mobile information device. Once summoned, ROPITS autonomously travels to the designated point to pick up and transport passengers to their destination. It automatically avoids obstacles through a 3D environmental recognition technology integrating multiple sensors. It also has active suspensions mounted onboard, which give it stability even on winding or uneven paths. We expect ROPITS to help the elderly and those with difficulty walking to support short-distance trips.

								*For the practical application,ROPITS is conducting a demonstration test.
								

VIEW MORE








The Autonomous Mobile Dual Arm Robot that’s Pioneering the Future of Logistics
Consumer needs are becoming increasingly diversified, and logistics is becoming even more complex as a result. While these trends are giving rise to a demand for more streamlined warehouse operations, current automation equipment can only be used for certain types of products and work, which limits their application.At Hitachi, we’ve developed an autonomous mobile dual arm robot that opens new opportunities for warehouses. Equipped with two commercially sold industrial arms, this robot comes with an elevating platform mounted on a travelling truck to enable height adjustments. It also includes a gripper that automates manual operations, such as pulling out shelves and picking out products.The dual arm robot uses built-in sensors to understand its own position and the location of products that need to be picked. While in motion, it can also identify specific products before picking them out from the shelves.But there’s more to this robot than order picking. With its dual arms, this advanced technology can also complete complex tasks that require coordination between two arms.With the advancement of our automation technologies, the future of logistics is closer than ever.  
*The autonomous mobile dual arm robot is still in its development stages and it is yet to be determined when it will be put to practical use.

VIEW MORE










Learn more about Hitachi Solutions






SECURITY








ANALYTICS








AI








ROBOTICS






Water


Energy


Manufacturing


Life & Economy


R&D


Transportation


Urban Development







Page top









 Disclaimer and copyrights 

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy

© Hitachi, Ltd. 1994, 2017. All rights reserved.
























medical microbot - Health 24/7 - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Medical Assistant | rosseducation.edu



Ad
 ·
rosseducation.edu/​MedicalAssistant



Medical Assistant Classes Are Starting Soon. Enroll Today!





Apply Now



Medical Assistant Program




Financial Aid



Locations





3M™ Littmann® 3200 - $399 - The Medical Supply Superstore



Ad
 ·
www.medicalsupplydepot.com/​Medical/​Savings



Save on 3M™ Littmann® Stethoscopes. Order Now and Get Free Shipping!





Littmann 3200 - Only $399



Lightweight Stethoscopes



Classic II Stethoscopes




3100 Littmann Stethoscope



Teaching Stethoscopes



Veterinary Stethoscopes





2017 Medical Alert System | eMedicalAlerts.com



Ad
 ·
eMedicalAlerts.com/​Alarm-Systems



Compare Medical Alert System Prices. Get Up To 4 Free Quotes Today!





Compare Prices



Top Brands



Features



Wearables





Searches related tomedical microbot



microbot medical stock


microbot medical ltd


stem cells merger


microbot medical stock symbol



microbot medical ticker


microbots for medical uses


microbot medical israel


stemcells inc




Web Results

Micro-robotic Medical Technologies | Microbot Medical

www.microbotmedical.com


Microbot Medical specializes in the researching, designing, developing and commercializing of transformational micro-robotics assisted medical technologies.



ViRob



Management



Board of Directors



SCS



TipCAT



Scientific Advisory Board



Company Profile - Microbot Medical

www.microbotmedical.com/company-profile


Company Profile Microbot Medical is a medical device company specialized in the researching, designing, developing and commercializing of transformational micro ...


MBOT Stock Price - Microbot Medical Inc. Stock Quote (U.S ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/MBOT


Microbot Medical Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Microbot Medical Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microbot-medical-inc-reports-first...


HINGHAM, Mass., May 15, 2017-- Microbot Medical Inc., a medical device company specializing in the design and development of transformational micro-robotic medical ...


Microbot Medical Announces Closing of $10 Million ...

https://globenewswire.com/news-release/2017/06/09/1012011/0/en/...


HINGHAM, Mass., June 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Microbot Medical Inc. (Nasdaq:MBOT), a medical device company specializing in the design and development of ...


Microbot Medical: ~$250 Million Market Cap... Irrational ...

https://seekingalpha.com/article/4036486-microbot-medical-250...


Years in the making. Microbot is an Israel-organized reverse-merger company offering an untested medical device idea that will take years to prove… or ...


Microbot Medical | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/microbot-medical


Learn about working at Microbot Medical. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Microbot Medical, leverage your professional network, and get hired.


Magnetic Microbots to Fight Cancer - IEEE Spectrum

spectrum.ieee.org/robotics/medical-robots/...microbots-to-fight-cancer


To make a real medical microbot, we started with iron cobalt nanoparticles, which are more sensitive to magnetic forces than other nontoxic metal alloys.


Microbot Medical Inc. (MBOT) After Hours Trading - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/symbol/mbot/after-hours


Microbot Medical Inc. (MBOT) After Hours Trading - View free After Hours stock trades at NASDAQ.com


Medical microbots need better imaging and control : Nature ...

www.nature.com/news/medical-microbots-need-better-imaging-and...


Medical microbots need better imaging and control. ... most microbot experiments have been done in ... Christian Wiest and his colleagues at iThera Medical in ...










Medical Assistant | rosseducation.edu



Ad
 ·
rosseducation.edu/​MedicalAssistant



Medical Assistant Classes Are Starting Soon. Enroll Today!





Apply Now



Medical Assistant Program




Financial Aid



Locations





3M™ Littmann® 3200 - $399 - The Medical Supply Superstore



Ad
 ·
www.medicalsupplydepot.com/​Medical/​Savings



Save on 3M™ Littmann® Stethoscopes. Order Now and Get Free Shipping!





Littmann 3200 - Only $399



Lightweight Stethoscopes



Classic II Stethoscopes




3100 Littmann Stethoscope



Teaching Stethoscopes



Veterinary Stethoscopes





2017 Medical Alert System | eMedicalAlerts.com



Ad
 ·
eMedicalAlerts.com/​Alarm-Systems



Compare Medical Alert System Prices. Get Up To 4 Free Quotes Today!





Compare Prices



Top Brands



Features



Wearables




Searches related tomedical microbot



microbot medical stock


microbot medical ltd


stem cells merger


microbot medical stock symbol



microbot medical ticker


microbots for medical uses


microbot medical israel


stemcells inc




12345Next






Answers







Robot research initiative



currently a leading institute in the medical robotics field, especially in the area of biomedical micro/nano robotics. RRI is one of the largest...

more






Big Hero 6 (film)



Callaghan, the head of the university's robotics program. Amazed, Hiro decides to apply to the university. To enroll, he signs up for the school's...

more






2011 in science



conducted at the Innsbruck Medical University in Austria reveals that stainless steel or titanium tongue piercings harbor more bacteria than plastic...

more










medical microbot News






The medical connection



The Tribune Front Page

 - Jul 19


Q.I took PCBM in school to keep my options open, but ended up doing BTech (Comp Sc). But I would still like to be connected to the medical sector in some way. Could you please throw light on...

more





DuPage Medical Group adds Glenwood Medical Corp.



The Business Ledger - Naperville...

 - 6 hrs ago


DOWNERS GROVE -- DuPage Medical Group announced OB-GYN practice Glenwood Medical Corp. in Orland Park has joined its provider family. Two physicians will join the DMG physician team: • Dr. Calvin...

more





Arnie set for Hammers medical



SkySports | News

 - Jul 20


Marko Arnautovic will have a medical and discuss personal terms in the coming days ahead of his club-record move to West Ham, according to Sky sources. The Hammers are hoping a deal can be...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network























Find cheap microbot at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Microbot TeachMover Robot

$1,899.00













Compare Prices 













Microbe Poster, Microbes in Soil, Compost, Castings

$61.90


In Stock


Compare Prices 













UMI-MICROBOT ALPHA II, FOR PARTS OR REPAIR

$2,395.95













Compare Prices 













THERMOCUT MICROMOT

$129.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Microbot / Questech Electronic Interface Module Assembly 10223

$1,999.99













Compare Prices 













Pretty Polly Microdot Tights

$11.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Microbot / Questech Air Carrying Case TCM-CCI

$99.00













Compare Prices 













Proxxon 28606 Micromot Drill Stand

$82.25


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Microbot / Questech Expansion and Sensor Interface Package 10124 / TCM-ACC 

$1,299.00













Compare Prices 













Microbes Attack

$11.69


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Microbot TeachMover Teach Mover II Robot Arm Teach Pendant Control Free Shipping

$149.99













Compare Prices 













Microsoft Surface RT (32GB)

$276.01


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Microbot / Questech Experimenters Kit 10125 / TCM-EXP 

$499.00













Compare Prices 













Microsoft Surface Pen

$59.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













MICROBOT INC. TEACHMOVER II TEACH CONTROL

$149.99













Compare Prices 













Microsoft Wedge Mobile Keyboard

$41.75


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap transformers at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Transformers Platinum Edition Autobot Heroes Figure Set 

$88.95













Compare Prices 













Alico Transformer 75Va Solid State T1

$38.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Be Transformed Transformer Pillowcase

$16.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Alico Transformer 60Va Solid State With Power Jack T4C

$49.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Subscription Service 5.0 Double Pretenders Optimus & Megatron

$190.00













Compare Prices 













Transformers Trilogy (Transformers / Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen / Transformers: Dark of the Moon)

$25.93


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Legends LG-EX Black Convoy G2 Tokyo Toy Show 2017 Exclusive USA

$96.99













Compare Prices 













WAC Lighting Electronic Transformer Q-X-BN

$32.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers / Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen

$11.54


In Stock


Compare Prices 













WAC Lighting Electronic Transformer Q-X-BN Height: 18

$32.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Vintage 1984 Transformers JETFIRE G1 Autobot Plane Hasbro Bandai w Box Complete?

$289.95













Compare Prices 













Transformers

$29.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Transformers G1 Soundwave with Laserbeak, Ravage, Rumble, Frenzy. 100% Complete

$115.00













Compare Prices 













Progress Lighting Address Light Transformer P5969-01

$44.01


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Trilogy (Transformers / Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen / Transformers: Dark of the Moon) [Blu-ray]

$56.61


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tech Lighting Electronic Transformer 700SRT30EC / 700SRT30ES / 700SRT30EZ

$340.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













TRANSFORMERS GENERATIONS TITANS RETURN TITAN CLASS FORTRESS MAXIMUS 

$98.95













Compare Prices 













Transformers

$28.43


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Threea transformers Bumblebee Figure

$499.00













Compare Prices 













Tech Lighting Magnetic Transformer 700SRT30D Finish: Satin Nickel

$460.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers

$7.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformer - S34984-35-7

$42.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Platinum Edition Soundwave Figure

$89.99













Compare Prices 













Transformers

$15.92


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap transformers at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Transformers Platinum Edition Autobot Heroes Figure Set 

$88.95













Compare Prices 













Alico Transformer 75Va Solid State T1

$38.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Be Transformed Transformer Pillowcase

$16.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Alico Transformer 60Va Solid State With Power Jack T4C

$49.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Subscription Service 5.0 Double Pretenders Optimus & Megatron

$190.00













Compare Prices 













Transformers Trilogy (Transformers / Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen / Transformers: Dark of the Moon)

$25.93


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Legends LG-EX Black Convoy G2 Tokyo Toy Show 2017 Exclusive USA

$96.99













Compare Prices 













WAC Lighting Electronic Transformer Q-X-BN

$32.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers / Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen

$11.54


In Stock


Compare Prices 













WAC Lighting Electronic Transformer Q-X-BN Height: 18

$32.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Vintage 1984 Transformers JETFIRE G1 Autobot Plane Hasbro Bandai w Box Complete?

$289.95













Compare Prices 













Transformers

$29.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Transformers G1 Soundwave with Laserbeak, Ravage, Rumble, Frenzy. 100% Complete

$115.00













Compare Prices 













Progress Lighting Address Light Transformer P5969-01

$44.01


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Trilogy (Transformers / Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen / Transformers: Dark of the Moon) [Blu-ray]

$56.61


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tech Lighting Electronic Transformer 700SRT30EC / 700SRT30ES / 700SRT30EZ

$340.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













TRANSFORMERS GENERATIONS TITANS RETURN TITAN CLASS FORTRESS MAXIMUS 

$98.95













Compare Prices 













Transformers

$28.43


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Threea transformers Bumblebee Figure

$499.00













Compare Prices 













Tech Lighting Magnetic Transformer 700SRT30D Finish: Satin Nickel

$460.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers

$7.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformer - S34984-35-7

$42.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Platinum Edition Soundwave Figure

$89.99













Compare Prices 













Transformers

$15.92


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap transformers at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Transformers Platinum Edition Autobot Heroes Figure Set 

$88.95













Compare Prices 













Alico Transformer 75Va Solid State T1

$38.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Be Transformed Transformer Pillowcase

$16.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Alico Transformer 60Va Solid State With Power Jack T4C

$49.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Subscription Service 5.0 Double Pretenders Optimus & Megatron

$190.00













Compare Prices 













Transformers Trilogy (Transformers / Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen / Transformers: Dark of the Moon)

$25.93


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Legends LG-EX Black Convoy G2 Tokyo Toy Show 2017 Exclusive USA

$96.99













Compare Prices 













WAC Lighting Electronic Transformer Q-X-BN

$32.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers / Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen

$11.54


In Stock


Compare Prices 













WAC Lighting Electronic Transformer Q-X-BN Height: 18

$32.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Vintage 1984 Transformers JETFIRE G1 Autobot Plane Hasbro Bandai w Box Complete?

$289.95













Compare Prices 













Transformers

$29.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Transformers G1 Soundwave with Laserbeak, Ravage, Rumble, Frenzy. 100% Complete

$115.00













Compare Prices 













Progress Lighting Address Light Transformer P5969-01

$44.01


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Trilogy (Transformers / Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen / Transformers: Dark of the Moon) [Blu-ray]

$56.61


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tech Lighting Electronic Transformer 700SRT30EC / 700SRT30ES / 700SRT30EZ

$340.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













TRANSFORMERS GENERATIONS TITANS RETURN TITAN CLASS FORTRESS MAXIMUS 

$98.95













Compare Prices 













Transformers

$28.43


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Threea transformers Bumblebee Figure

$499.00













Compare Prices 













Tech Lighting Magnetic Transformer 700SRT30D Finish: Satin Nickel

$460.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers

$7.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformer - S34984-35-7

$42.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Transformers Platinum Edition Soundwave Figure

$89.99













Compare Prices 













Transformers

$15.92


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval



















Micro-robotic Medical Technologies | Microbot Medical























































 











































Micro-robotic Medical Technologies | Microbot Medical
212
home,page-template-default,page,page-id-212,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,select-theme-ver-3.4,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.12.1,vc_responsive


 








Microbot Medical specializes in transformational micro-robotic medical technologies leveraging the natural and artificial lumens within the human body Watch Microbot on CNN 






Our Platforms

 









A revolutionary autonomous crawling micro-robot controlled by electromagnetic fields.

 Learn More









A semi-disposable, flexible, self-propelled endoscope providing SEE & TREAT capabilities.

 Learn More













































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


