

	Products | Microchip Technology Inc.




















































‹








Products
Applications
Design Support
Sample and Buy
About Us
Contact Us
myMicrochip Login







Microcontrollers and Microprocessors 

8-bit MCUs 
16-bit MCUs 
32-bit MCUs 
32-bit MPUs 



Analog 


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview 
Operational Amplifiers 
Instrumentation Amplifiers 
Comparators 
PGA 
Power/Current Monitors 



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview 
Analog-to-Digital Converter 
Digital Potentiometers 
Digital-to-Analog Converters 
Power and Energy Measurement 
F/V and V/F Converters 
Power/Current Sensors 
Voltage References 



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview 
MOSFETs – Interface 
Driver Arrays 
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers 
Application Specific 


Motor Drivers 

Power Management

Power Management Overview 
Voltage References 
Battery Management 
Charge Pumps 
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors 
LDO Regulators 
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers 
PWM Controllers 
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators 
Switching Regulators 
Voltage Detectors 
Power Modules 
Power Switches 
High Voltage Linear Regulators 



CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs 
Horn Driver ICs 



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview 
Local Temperature Sensors 
Remote Temperature Sensors 
Fan Controller ICs 
Thermocouple ICs 



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview 
Analog Multiplexers/Switches 
Beamformer Source Drivers 
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays 
Continuous Transmit Pulsers 
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters 
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs 
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers 





Clock and Timing 

Overview 
Clock Generation 
Oscillators 
Clock and Data Distribution 
Real-time Clock 



High-Speed Networking and Video 

Overview 
Ethernet 
ARCNET 
CoaXpress® 
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets 
Video Equalizers 
Video Transceivers 
Video Sub-Systems 
Clock and Data Recovery ICs 



Interface and Connectivity 

CoaXpress® 
CAN 
Infrared 
LIN 
Serial Peripherals 
USB 





Display and LED Drivers 

Display and LED Drivers Overview 
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers 
Automotive LED Drivers 
Backlight LED Drivers 
General-Purpose LED Drivers 
Linear Current Regulators 
Sequential Linear LED Drivers 
Camera Flash Drivers 



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O 

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview 
Desktop and Super I/O 
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers 
Expansion and Legacy I/O 



Programmable Logic 

SPLD/CPLD 
FPGA 
FPGA Configuration Memory 



Memory 

Serial EEPROM 
Serial EERAM 
Serial SRAM 
Serial Flash 
Parallel Flash 
Parallel EEPROM 
OTP EPROM 



Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 





Wireless 

Wireless Connectivity 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® Technology 
MiWi™ Protocol 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 
802.15.4 
Sigfox 
RF Identification 
IR Control 
Wireless Audio 



Smart Energy/Metering 

Overview 
Metering 
Power Line Communications 
Wireless Communications 



Rad Hard 

Overview 
Rad Hard ASICs 
Rad Hard Communication ICs 
Rad Hard FPGAs 
Rad Hard Memories 
Rad Hard Processors 
Rad Tolerant Devices 



Security ICs 

Security ICs Overview 

CryptoAuthentication

Overview 
Geting Started 
SHA Based 
ECC Based 
ECC-AWS IoT Based 
AES Based 



Trusted Platform Module

Overview 
TCG Version 1.2 



CryptoRF

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoRF 
CryptoRF Reader 



CryptoMemory

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V) 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V) 








Curiosity Development Board

Your next embedded design idea has a new home. Curiosity is a cost-effective, fully-integrated 8-bit development platform targeted at first-time users, makers and those seeking a feature-rich rapid prototyping board




MCP6V9X

This family of operational amplifiers provides input offset voltage correction for very low offset and offset drift, with a gain bandwidth product of 10 MHz.




DSC6000

The new DSC6000 family is the industry's smallest MEMS MHz oscillator with the lowest power consumption over full frequency range of 2 KHz to 100 MHz.




GigEpack Ethernet Products

 
Advanced design techniques ensure reliable operation under extreme conditions while stripping away complexity and advancing ease-of-use, the GigEpack provides three key elements: Certified Products, free drivers and copy-ready evaluation boards, and Microchip’s free LANCheck® design check service. Together, they ensure interoperability, rapid development and robust board design.
                                



UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement the revolutionary USB-C™ connector in practically any consumer, industrial or automotive application.




HV9805

The HV9805 features a PFC boost converter with valley/ZCD switching that reduces system cost by lessening the thermal and optical design requirements. The linear post-regular provides True DC lighting with no flickering and the configurable to SEPIC technology supports lower LED string voltage.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




SST26WF080B/040B

Manufactured with SuperFlash® technology that provides the industry's fastest erase times, the SST26WF080B (8 Mbit) and SST26WF040B (4 Mbit) are approximately 300 times faster than competitive devices.




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 Aerospace and Defense
 Audio and Speech

Automotive 

Automotive Solutions 
Automotive Connectivity 
Functional Safety 


 Battery Management
 CAN
 Computing

Displays 

Graphical Displays 
Segmented LCD 


 Embedded Security

Ethernet 

Ethernet Overview 
Ethernet of Everything 
USB-to-Ethernet 
Ethernet Controllers 
Ethernet Switches 
Ethernet PHYs 
EtherCAT® 




 High Temperature
 Home Appliance
 Intelligent Power
 Internet of Things
 Lighting
 Low Power
 LIN
 Medical

Metering 

Metering Overview 
Electric Meter 
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters 
Power Monitoring 




 Motor Control and Drive
 Power Monitoring
 Smart Energy/Metering
 Smartphone Accessories

Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - automotive and industrial touch screens 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



USB 

USB Overview 
USB Hubs and Devices 
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs 


 Wireless Audio

Wireless Connectivity 

Wireless Connectivity Overview 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® 
MiWi™ 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 






Lower Power High Performance ADC

Microchip is committed to providing military grade products for integration into present and future aerospace and defense sector programs. Our complete portfolio of microcontrollers, power, analog, digital, memory, RF, mixed-signal and interface




PIC32 Bluetooth Audio Development Kit (DV320032)

This kit delivers the hardware and software needed to develop digital audio docking applications with USB or Bluetooth connectivity. Preloaded demo code enables audio streaming via USB or Bluetooth.




OS82150

The OS82150 integrates a coaxial cable driver and coaxial receiver, extending the usage of coaxial cabling to enable powerful automotive infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




MCP73871 Fully Integrated Linear Solution

The MCP73871 device is a 1A fully integrated linear solution for system load sharing and Li-Ion / Li-Polymer battery charge management with AC-DC wall adapter and USB port power sources selection. It's also capable of autonomous power source selection between input or battery.




CAN FD Transceiver Family

The CAN Flexible Data Rate (CAN FD) Transceiver family helps CAN systems meet the physical layer requirement for CAN FD systems, and is one of only a few CAN FD transceivers approved by auto OEMs.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




TC7106A

The TC7106A 3½ digit LCD direct-display drive analog-to-digital converters allow existing TC7106-based systems to be upgraded. Each device has a precision reference with a 20ppm/°C max temperature coefficient. This represents a 4-7 times improvement over similar 3½ digit converters.




PIC24FJ128GB204

The new PIC24F "GB4" family expands Microchip's eXtreme Low Power portfolio and includes an integrated hardware crypto engine with both OTP and Key RAM options for secure key storage, up to 256 KB of Flash memory and a direct drive for segmented LCD displays, in 64-, 100- or 121-pin packages.




LAN9352/LAN9352i

The LAN9352/LAN9352i is a high-performance, small-footprint, full-featured 2-port managed Ethernet switch and is application-optimized for consumer, embedded and Industrial designs.




MCP2561/2 FD

This is a second generation high-speed CAN transceiver that guarantees Loop Delay Symmetry in order to support higher data rates required for CAN FD. Maximum propagation delay was improved to support longer bus length. The device meets the automotive requirements for CAN FD bit rates exceeding 5 Mbps.




Class B Safety Software Library

Microchip has developed a library of low-level software routines and hardware peripherals that simplify meeting IEC 60730 requirements for Class B Safety. Each product family (PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, dsPIC® DSC and PIC32) has functions specifically designed to work efficiently with the available resources.




dsPIC33EP "GS" Family for Digtal Power Applications

This family delivers the performance needed to implement more sophisticated non-linear, predictive & adaptive control algorithms at higher switching frequencies. These advanced algorithms enable power supply designs that are more energy efficient & have better power supply specifications.




WCM and ECM Development Kits

Microchip's WCM (Wi-Fi® Client Module) and ECM (Ethernet Client Module) development kits are designed to enable you to quickly and easily connect an embedded system to a cloud-based server, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). This will reduce the learning curve and help you get connected to the cloud quickly.




Smart Lights are Better Lights

Microchip's PIC® microcontrollers with intelligent analog integration like the PIC16F176X family make it possible to get advanced features such as digital control to smooth dimming, as well as color temperature tuning, usage-based lifetime prediction and networked communication for monitoring and control.




PIC24FJ256GB412

PIC24F 16-bit microcontroller featuring integrated Hardware Crypto module and eXtreme Low Power. This family also includes 256 KB Flash, 16 KB RAM, USB, LCD and advanced peripherals. The combination of features makes the part ideally suited for low-power embedded security applications.




OS82150

The OS82150 extends the usage of coaxial cabling to powerful infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




Is Your Medical Device Design Secured?

Is your medical device design truly secured? Microchip's full line of security products, including MCUs, wireless products and software libraries, can secure your medical device designs from the ground up.




MCP39F511

The MCP39F511 is a highly integrated, single-phase power-monitoring IC designed for real-time measurement of input power for AC/DC power supplies, providing power and energy values. It includes dual-channel delta sigma ADCs, a 16-bit calculation engine, EEPROM and a flexible 2-wire interface.




MCP8026

This is a 3-Phase brushless gate driver with power module & 5 µA (typ) sleep-mode current. It integrates three half-bridge drivers to drive external NMOS/NMOS transistor pairs configured to drive a 3-phase BLDC motor, a comparator, a voltage regulator to provide bias to a companion microcontroller & power monitoring comparators.




dsPIC33EP32MC202

The dsPIC33E family of digital signal controllers (DSCs) features a 70 MIPS dsPIC® DSC core with integrated DSP and enhanced on-chip peripherals. These DSCs enable the design of high-performance, precision motor control systems that are more energy efficient, quieter in operation.




Single-Burner Induction Cooktop Reference Design

This cost-effective single-burner induction cooktop reference design is a fully functional single-burner unit that achieves greater than 90%* efficiency and consumes less than 0.5W power during standby. The user interface implements mTouch® sensing solutions.




Smartphone Accessory

New accessories are emerging in sports/fitness, wellness, financial transactions markets. Microchip's accessory development kits make it easy to development your accessory products with fast time-to-market!




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement USB-C in practically any application, whether consumer, industrial, or automotive.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 New to Microchip?

Development Tools 

Development Tools Overview 
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards 

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions 
MPLAB® X IDE 
MPLAB® XC Compilers 
MPLAB® Code Configurator 
MPLAB® Xpress 
MPLAB® Harmony 
Microchip Libraries for Applications 
Software Libraries 
Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators 
Emulation Extention Paks 
Programmers 



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE 
Data Visualizer 
Compilers 
Atmel START 
MCU Software Library 
Atmel Gallery 



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers 
Programmers 



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols 
SPICE Models 
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator 
MindiSWLib 
IBIS Models 
Clockworks® Configurator 
BSDL 


Third-Party Development Tools 



Documentation 

Application Notes 
Data Sheets 
Erratas 
Packaging Specifications 
Programming Specifications 
Reference Manuals 
User Guides 
Product Briefs 
Migration Documents 



Training 

Training Overview 
Developer Help Wiki 
Webinars 
Microchip Videos 
MASTERs Conference 
Technical Training Center 




 Forums
 Design Partner Network
 Product Change Notification

Quality and Reliability 

Quality 
Reliability 




 Technical Support

Software 

Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 


 Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks




Need Help?

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.




PICKIT™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer

Microchip's PICkit™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer uses in-circuit debugging logic incorporated into each chip with Flash memory to provide a low-cost hardware debugger and programmer. In-circuit debugging offers low cost, minimum additional debug hardware and no expensive sockets or adapters




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Conferences, Tradeshows and Events

Microchip attends conferences and events around the world, visit our events page to see where we will be exhibiting next.




Microchip in the Press

View our latest announcements on products, corporate news and investor press announcements.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or about content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.







 Global Sales and Distribution
 microchipDIRECT
 Samples


 Programming Center
 Samples FAQ
 Sales Support


 Find Your Sales Office
 Getting Started With Microchip Products




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

Published six times a year, MicroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information to give you a competitive edge and help you meet your design goals. In each issue, you'll get an update on our new products and development tools, find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used by developers of a variety of applications.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.








Company Information 

About 
Corporate Overview 
Acquisitions 
Notice of Fraudulent Behavior 



Leadership 

Leadership Overview 
Board of Directors 
Appointed Officers 


 Investor Relations

Careers 

Careers Overview 
Microchip's Culture 
US Benefits 
Meet Your Recruiter 
Career Ladder 
Hiring Process 
Employee Testimonials 





Media Center 

Press Releases 
RSS Feeds 
Microchip Videos 


 MicroSolutions Digital Magazine
 Tradeshows and Events
 Academic Program



Corporate Responsibility 

Corporate Responsibility Overview 
Ethics and Conduct 
Sustainability 
Conflict Minerals 
Environment 
Community 
Products 
Customers 
Employees 
Environmental Health and Safety 



Legal Information 

Legal Information Overview 
General Product Legal Information 
Microchip Trademarks 
Microchip Patents 
Website Usage and Limitation of Liability 
Microchip Terms and Conditions of Sale 
Privacy Policy 
Copyrighted Material 
Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyrighted Infringement 


 Export Control Data
 Contact Us


























Products





8-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip is the market leader in 8-bit microcontrollers, including both PIC® and AVR® microcontrollers with easy-to-use development tools, complete technical documentation and post design-in support through a global sales and distribution network.  With unique peripherals, these devices allow you to perform application functions autonomously in hardware, and can be configured with our graphical programming environments and cloud-based tools to help reduce development time.





16-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip's 16-bit, PIC24 MCUs and dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers deliver more performance, low power consumption, flexible peripherals, and a complete development ecosystem of software and hardware tools to speed your development.  With specialized peripherals for motor control, digital power conversion, low power security and advance analog integration, the 16-bit family offers a good compromise between low cost, low power and high performance.





32-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip's 32-bit portfolio, with both PIC32 and SAM devices, delivers high performance, with plenty of memory to solve increasingly complex embedded system design challenges.  From simple USB device connectivity to RTOS-driven graphical user interface applications with advanced audio processing, 32-bit devices can meet your most demanding design requirements. 






Amplifiers & Linear
Microchip's broad portfolio linear products featuring Amplifiers, Comparators and PGAs are ideal for wide variety of applications in industrial, medical, consumer and automotive markets for its low power consumption and small form factor.

Operational Amplifiers
Instrumentation Amplifiers
Comparators
PGA & SGA





Data Converters
Microchip's low cost D/A converter product families feature low power operation down to 175µA with 8, 10 and 12-bit resolutions. I2C or SPI interface, non-volatile memory and internal voltage reference options are available.

Analog–to–Digital Converters
DAC & Digital Potentiometers
Energy Measurement





Interface
Interface family are low cost, feature rich and helps reduce system costs which then increase robustness.

CAN
Ethernet 
Infrared
LIN
Serial Peripherals
USB






Motor Drivers
Microchip offers devices to drive bipolar stepper motors, or bidirectional control of two DC motors. MTS2916A and MTS62C19A offers features that helps with cost efficiency and meet market demands.




Power Management
Microchip strategizes on energy to reduce costs, manage risks and increase efficiency.

Battery Management 
Charge Pumps
CPU/System Supervisors
LDO Regulators
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers
PWM Controllers 
Switching Regulators
Voltage Detectors





Safety & Security

Microchip offers a broad portfolio of low power  I.C.s for ionization and photoelectric smoke detection and CO detection. This offer includes analog front ends, piezoelectric horn drivers and complete solution I.C.s for traditional smoke detectors and and ten year smoke detectors.


﻿Horn Drivers 
Smoke and CO﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ 







Thermal Management
Temperature Sensors are useful in thermometer circuits, temperature compensation applications as well as a wide array of general purpose replacements for older thermistor technology.

Brushless DC Fan Controllers
Closed Loop Fan Controllers
Sensor Conditioning ICs
Temperature Sensors 





Memory
Microchip's broad portfolio of memory devices includes Serial EEPROM, Serial Flash, Parallel Flash, Serial SRAM and NVSRAM. Innovative low power designs and extensive testing have ensured industry leading robustness and endurance along with best-in-class quality.

Serial EEPROM
Serial SRAM
Serial Flash
Parallel Flash





Touch and Input Sensing
Microchip's award winning technology covers a broad range of implementations for touch and other input sensing applications. Engineers have the freedom to innovate with an industry leading, robust, touch implementation on our vast range of PIC microcontrollers.

Proximity, Keys and Sliders
Touch Screens and Touch Pads
3D Tracking and Gesture Sensing
Haptics






Wireless
Microchip offers a broad portfolio of wireless solutions which are cost effective and very easy to implement. Depending on your application requirements, you can choose the product that fits your needs.

Infrared
Power Amplifiers
Radio Frequency





Real-Time Clock
Microchip supports a wide range of Real-Time Clocks from basic low cost devices to a variety of mid-range devices that are highly integrated with a usable amount of non-volatile memory and a combination of features that are very effective when operating within a single battery backed clock device. With, both I2C and SPI RTCCs available, various applications can be supported at a price that is lower than competitive devices with fewer features and lower performance.

























	Microchip Technology Distributor | DigiKey Electronics
























United States

1-800-344-4539


Change Country

English

USD


 Your item(s) View Cart Login orREGISTER LoginRegisterWhy Register





All ProductsAll ContentAudio ProductsBattery ProductsBoxes Enclosures RacksCable AssembliesCables Wires ManagementCables WiresCapacitorsCircuit ProtectionComputers Office Components AccessoriesConnectors InterconnectsCrystals and OscillatorsDevelopment Boards, Kits, ProgrammersDiscrete Semiconductor ProductsEmbedded ComputersFans Thermal ManagementFiltersHardware Fasteners AccessoriesInductors Coils ChokesIndustrial Controls MetersIntegrated CircuitsIsolatersKitsLine Protection Distribution BackupsMagnetics Transformer Inductor ComponentsMaker/DIY, EducationalMemory Cards ModulesMotors Solenoids Driver Boards ModulesNetworking SolutionsOptical Inspection EquipmentOptoelectronics Potentiometers Variable ResistorsPower Supplies Board MountPower Supplies External Internal Off-BoardPrototyping ProductsRelaysResistorsRF IF and RFIDSensors TransducersSoldering Desoldering Rework ProductsStatic Control ESD Clean Room ProductsSwitchesTape AdhesivesTest and MeasurementToolsTransformers





PRODUCTS MANUFACTURERS RESOURCESResearchAcademic ProgramArticlesBlog - TheCircuitContent LibraryEngineering ResourcesIndustrial AutomationIoT Product SelectorNewest ProductsProduct Training ModulesSensors Product SelectorTechForumVideo LibraryDesignConversion CalculatorsDevelopment ToolsEDA & Design ToolsMaker.ioReference Designs Scheme-it® Design ToolTechZones℠Search / OrderingBOM ManagerBrowser ResourcesOnline CatalogOrder StatusShopping Cart 






Manufacturer Linecard
            
        >
            
            Microchip Technology
        








Microchip Technology
 - Microchip Technology Inc. is a leading provider of microcontroller and analog semiconductors, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality.







PARTS
CONTENT












            PIC® & AVR® MCUs
        



Microchip’s PIC and AVR 8-bit MCU's easy development, autonomous peripherals, and robust selection make them a favored, cost-effective choice. Learn More








            Analog and Interface Products
        



Microchip has a comprehensive portfolio of cost-effective and reliable power management solutions for a wide variety of applications. Learn More








            Security
        



Microchip brings together both cryptographic and non-cryptographic devices to build a total solution for access control to building. Learn More







Product Listing
View All







Cable Assemblies (7)





Smart Cables (7)





Discrete Semiconductor Products (302)





Transistors - FETs, MOSFETs - Arrays (20)


Transistors - FETs, MOSFETs - Single (281)


Transistors - IGBTs - Single (1)





Maker/DIY, Educational (2)





Books, Media (1)


Educational Kits (1)





Optoelectronics (2)





Display Modules - LCD, OLED, Graphic (1)


Fiber Optics - Transceiver Modules (1)





Prototyping Products (1)





Jumper Wire (1)





Test and Measurement (9)





Equipment - Specialty (9)








Crystals, Oscillators, Resonators (6015)





Oscillators (4936)


Pin Configurable/Selectable Oscillators (325)


Programmable Oscillators (704)


Sockets and Insulators (43)


Stand Alone Programmers (7)





Integrated Circuits (ICs) (65621)





Audio Special Purpose (5)


Clock/Timing - Application Specific (128)


Clock/Timing - Clock Buffers, Drivers (617)


Clock/Timing - Clock Generators, PLLs, Frequency Synthesizers (580)


Clock/Timing - Delay Lines (56)


Clock/Timing - Programmable Timers and Oscillators (24)


Clock/Timing - Real Time Clocks (140)


Data Acquisition - ADCs/DACs - Special Purpose (8)


Data Acquisition - Analog Front End (AFE) (74)


Data Acquisition - Analog to Digital Converters (ADC) (345)


Data Acquisition - Digital Potentiometers (1205)


Data Acquisition - Digital to Analog Converters (DAC) (273)


Data Acquisition - Touch Screen Controllers (69)


Embedded - CPLDs (Complex Programmable Logic Devices) (306)


Embedded - FPGAs (Field Programmable Gate Array) (199)


Embedded - FPGAs (Field Programmable Gate Array) with Microcontrollers (40)


Embedded - Microcontrollers (27854)


Embedded - Microcontrollers - Application Specific (343)


Embedded - Microprocessors (58)


Embedded - PLDs (Programmable Logic Device) (241)


Interface - Analog Switches - Special Purpose (84)


Interface - Controllers (834)


Interface - Drivers, Receivers, Transceivers (968)


Interface - Encoders, Decoders, Converters (21)


Interface - I/O Expanders (100)


Interface - Modems - ICs and Modules (3)


Interface - Sensor and Detector Interfaces (133)


Interface - Signal Buffers, Repeaters, Splitters (4)


Interface - Specialized (240)


Interface - Telecom (30)


Linear - Amplifiers - Audio (2)


Linear - Amplifiers - Instrumentation, OP Amps, Buffer Amps (1331)


Linear - Amplifiers - Special Purpose (215)


Linear - Comparators (267)


Linear - Video Processing (10)


Logic - Buffers, Drivers, Receivers, Transceivers (59)


Logic - Comparators (10)


Logic - Counters, Dividers (100)


Logic - Flip Flops (183)


Logic - Gates and Inverters (4)


Logic - Gates and Inverters - Multi-Function, Configurable (172)


Logic - Latches (24)


Logic - Parity Generators and Checkers (17)


Logic - Shift Registers (88)


Logic - Signal Switches, Multiplexers, Decoders (334)


Logic - Specialty Logic (333)


Logic - Translators, Level Shifters (371)


Memory (9944)


Memory - Configuration Proms for FPGAs (241)


PMIC - AC DC Converters, Offline Switchers (100)


PMIC - Battery Chargers (272)


PMIC - Battery Management (32)


PMIC - Current Regulation/Management (41)


PMIC - Display Drivers (147)


PMIC - Energy Metering (104)


PMIC - Full, Half-Bridge Drivers (70)


PMIC - Gate Drivers (1271)


PMIC - Hot Swap Controllers (242)


PMIC - Laser Drivers (107)


PMIC - LED Drivers (546)


PMIC - Lighting, Ballast Controllers (103)


PMIC - Motor Drivers, Controllers (261)


PMIC - OR Controllers, Ideal Diodes (5)


PMIC - Power Distribution Switches, Load Drivers (1208)


PMIC - Power Management - Specialized (165)


PMIC - Power Over Ethernet (PoE) Controllers (1)


PMIC - Power Supply Controllers, Monitors (5)


PMIC - Supervisors (2118)


PMIC - Thermal Management (122)


PMIC - V/F and F/V Converters (9)


PMIC - Voltage Reference (114)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - DC DC Switching Controllers (442)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - DC DC Switching Regulators (1427)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - Linear (7240)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - Linear + Switching (244)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - Linear Regulator Controllers (62)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - Special Purpose (73)


Specialized ICs (403)





Memory Cards, Modules (7)





Memory Cards (7)





Power Supplies - Board Mount (59)





DC DC Converters (59)





RF/IF and RFID (2313)





RF Accessories (6)


RF Amplifiers (161)


RF Antennas (8)


RF Demodulators (8)


RF Evaluation and Development Kits, Boards (329)


RF Front End (LNA + PA) (49)


RF Misc ICs and Modules (47)


RF Mixers (17)


RF Modulators (12)


RF Receiver, Transmitter, and Transceiver Finished Units (17)


RF Receivers (328)


RF Transceiver ICs (541)


RF Transceiver Modules (242)


RF Transmitters (258)


RFID Evaluation and Development Kits, Boards (34)


RFID Reader Modules (1)


RFID Transponders, Tags (101)


RFID, RF Access, Monitoring ICs (154)





Tools (1)





Specialized Tools (1)








Development Boards, Kits, Programmers (2258)





Accessories (432)


Evaluation and Demonstration Boards and Kits (705)


Evaluation Boards - Analog to Digital Converters (ADCs) (16)


Evaluation Boards - DC/DC & AC/DC (Off-Line) SMPS (114)


Evaluation Boards - Digital to Analog Converters (DACs) (4)


Evaluation Boards - Embedded - Complex Logic (FPGA, CPLD) (10)


Evaluation Boards - Embedded - MCU, DSP (278)


Evaluation Boards - Expansion Boards (10)


Evaluation Boards - LED Drivers (65)


Evaluation Boards - Linear Voltage Regulators (46)


Evaluation Boards - Op Amps (13)


Evaluation Boards - Sensors (121)


Programmers, Emulators, and Debuggers (93)


Programming Adapters, Sockets (228)


Software, Services (123)





Kits (5)





Integrated Circuits (ICs) Kits (5)





Networking Solutions (5)





Miscellaneous (5)





Power Supplies - External/Internal (Off-Board) (2)





AC DC Desktop, Wall Adapters (2)





Sensors, Transducers (1383)





Accessories (1)


Capacitive Touch Sensors, Proximity Sensor ICs (405)


Float, Level Sensors (5)


Motion Sensors - IMUs (Inertial Measurement Units) (3)


Multifunction (2)


Temperature Sensors - Analog and Digital Output (732)


Temperature Sensors - Thermostats - Solid State (235)





Uncategorized (16)





Miscellaneous (16)













Featured Products







SmartConnect WINC1500

            The Atmel® SmartConnect WINC1500 from Atmel is an IEEE 802.11 b/g/n IoT network controller SoC. It offers the ideal add-on to existing MCU solutions, making it easy to bring Wi-Fi and Network capabilities through UART or SPI-to-Wi-Fi interfaces into your designs.  Learn More





DSC6000 Series MEMS Oscillators

            Microchip's DSC6000 family of MEMS oscillators combines the industry leading low power consumption and ultra-small packages with exceptional frequency stability and jitter performance over temperature. Learn More










Newest Products
View All (311)










Low-Power 32-Bit ARM®/PIC MCUs
Microchip has a broad range of ultra low power and low power MCUs that provide optimal power consumption and performance well suited for power constrained applications seeking high levels of functionality.
Learn More








DM990012 Secure IoT1702 Demo Board
Microchip's SecureIoT1702 development board is intended as a development, demonstration, and testing platform for Internet of Things applications.
Learn More










MIKROE-2046 Wi-Fi 7 click board™
The MIKROE-2046 Wi-Fi 7 click from MikroElektronika features the ATWINC1510-MR210PB IEEE 802.11 b/g/n module. 
Learn More








Real-Time Clocks/Calendars (RTCCs)
Microchip’s portfolio of MCP79xx RTCCs offer low-cost system timekeeping solution that are highly integrated with a usable amount of non-volatile memory.
Learn More










General Purpose MCP6001/2 Op Amps
Microchip’s MCP6001 and MCP6002 series of op amps offer a low-cost solution suitable for general purpose applications such as signal amplification, sensor buffer and driving an analog-to-digital converter.
Learn More








Lithium-Ion Charge Management Controllers
Microchip’s MCP73831 and MCP73832 charge management products are highly advanced linear charge management controllers for use in space limited, cost-sensitive applications.
Learn More









Tools & Support







Atmel START

Atmel® START is an innovative online tool for intuitive, graphical configuration of embedded software projects. Learn More





MPLAB® X IDE

            MPLAB® X IDE is a software program that runs on a PC (Windows®, Mac OS®, Linux®) to develop applications for Microchip microcontrollers and digital signal controllers. It is called an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) because it provides a single integrated "environment" to develop code for embedded microcontrollers. Learn More








Atmel Studio 7

Studio 7 is the integrated development platform (IDP) for developing and debugging all AVR® and SAM microcontroller applications. Learn More





MPLAB® Code Configurator

            MPLAB® Code Configurator (MCC) is a free, graphical programming environment that generates seamless, easy-to-understand C code to be inserted into your project. Learn More








Treelink

            Analog and Interface Treelink Tool Learn More





Development Tool Selector

            Microchip's development tool selector. Learn More









Product Training Modules
View All (97)







16-bit PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs with Core Independent Peripherals Overview
Duration: 5 minutes
This training will introduce Core Independent Peripherals in PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs and discuss their value propositions.





Oscillator Immunity to Shock and Vibration
Duration: 5 minutes
This tutorial will highlight the MEMS oscillator's ability to withstand the shock of a fall, mechanical flexing, mechanical shock, and vibration.







Zero Touch Provisioning Kit
Duration: 10 minutes
The ATECC508A-AWS encapsulates the entire provisioning process into a turnkey crypto-authentication device





MIC2127A 75V Synchronous PWM Controller
Duration: 5 minutes
This tutorial will introduce the MIC2127A, provide an overview of Microchip’s 75V Controller Family, review key features and benefits, and cover some of the typical applications.








Featured Videos
View All (387)







Microchip Curiosity Boards – Another Geek Moment 
Microchip Curiosity Boards are an inexpensive way to get your hands on a fully integrated microcontroller platform.  





The MPLAB® XC Compiler Family Webinar
This Microchip webinar gives an overview of the different types of C compilers available for all Microchip PIC devices.







Microchip mTouch Capacitive Touch Demonstration
An early example of Microchip’s demonstration board. Missing the decal, but including all the electrical features.





mTouch™ Sensing Technology Demonstration
Microchip's mTouch Technology supports buttons, sliders, and touch screens. Award winning Metal Over Cap touch solutions are now ready for embedding in your projects.









Additional Content




Product Information - View All

MCP642x EMI Hardened Operational Amplifiers
HV98100/1 Non-Dimmable, Off-line, LED Driver
MCP19124/5 Digitally-Enhanced Power Analog Synchronous Low-Side Dual-Loop PWM Controller
Sensor Interfacing Load Cell: Weight Scale Application
200 Msps, 12-, 14- and 16-bit Low-Power ADCs
MIC24046 Pin-Programmable, Step-Down Converter
MCP1501 High-Precision Buffered Voltage Reference
Digitally Enhanced Power Analog (DEPA) Controllers
MCP6VXX Family of Zero-Drift Operational Amplifiers
MCP39F511N Single-Phase, Dual Input Power-Monitoring IC

Selection Guides

Focus Product
Micrel Product Selection Guide

Articles

Challenges in Embedded System Design? A New Level of Integration in MCUs to Your Rescue!
A new approach to the challenge of powering modern cellular M2M modems
Straight Talk About Jitter Talk



Brochures and Catalogs

Corporate Product Overview
Embedded & Industrial Solutions
LPS - Linear and Power Solutions
Military Catalog
Shortform Catalog

News

Sign up for the Atmel Product News newsletter
ARM9 Linux Ready - Free Subscription

Newsletters

New Product Highlights Q1 2015

White Papers

Designing Cutting-Edge Wearable Medical Devices
Measuring Heart Rate and Blood Oxygen Levels for Portable and Wearable Devices








Manufacturer Web site






Visit Microchip's Web site















Information
Terms & ConditionsBlog - TheCircuitTechForumAbout Digi-KeyContact UsNewsroomSite MapSupported BrowsersPrivacy StatementCareers

United States
sales@digikey.com
Toll Free: 1-800-344-4539Phone: 218-681-6674Fax: 218-681-3380




International
AfricaAsiaAustraliaEuropeMiddle EastNorth AmericaSouth America




Copyright © 1995-2017, Digi-Key Electronics.All Rights Reserved.701 Brooks Avenue South,Thief River Falls, MN 56701 USA













	Microchip Technology Inc. from Allied Electronics

















































                        Location: 
                        

US
Canada
Colombia
Export
Mexico










English
Español





Login  | 
                            Register  | 
                        
Help



















                            Cart  (0)
                        








                            All Products






                    Audio, Video, RF & Security




                                    Audio





                                    Cell Phone Accessories





                                    Computers & Peripherals





                                    Security





                                    Video and RF








                    Automation & Control




                                    Contactors





                                    Control Station Switches & Accessories





                                    Disconnect Switches (Isolators)





                                    Fluid Control Systems





                                    Light Towers & Audibles





                                    Machine Guarding & Safety





                                    Motor Controllers & Peripherals





                                    Panel Meters & Accessories





                                    PLCs, HMI & Data Acquisition





                                    Solenoids & Accessories





                                    Temperature Control & Process Heating





                                    Timers & Counters








                    Batteries




                                    Battery





                                    Battery Accessories





                                    Battery Chargers





                                    Battery Packs








                    Chemicals & Adhesives




                                    Adhesives





                                    Alcohol





                                    Chemical Accessories





                                    Cleaners & Degreasers





                                    Coatings & Paints





                                    Conformal Coating/Flux Removers





                                    Dusters





                                    Epoxy Compounds





                                    Freeze Sprays





                                    Gases





                                    Hand Lotions





                                    Lubricants





                                    Potting Compounds





                                    Prototyping/Board Repairs





                                    Sealants





                                    Silicone





                                    Thermal Compounds & Greases





                                    Wood Filler








                    Circuit Protection




                                    Circuit Breaker





                                    Circuit Breaker Accessories





                                    Constant Voltage Transformers





                                    Filters





                                    Fuse





                                    Fuse Accessories





                                    Fuse Kit





                                    GFI Protection





                                    Line Reactor





                                    Power Conditioner





                                    Power Factor Controller





                                    Surge Protection Devices





                                    Zener & Galvanic Barriers








                    Connectors




                                    Application Specific/DC Connectors





                                    Audio, Video Connectors





                                    Automation Connectors





                                    Backplane Connectors





                                    Bus Bars & Grounding Products





                                    Circular Connectors





                                    Coaxial/RF Connectors





                                    Crimp Terminals, Lugs & Twist-On Splices





                                    D-Sub/D-Shaped Connectors





                                    Data/Ethernet/Telecom Connectors





                                    Electrical / Mains Connectors





                                    IC Sockets, Plugs and Adapters





                                    Rectangular/PCB Connectors





                                    Terminal Blocks and Strips





                                    Test Connectors








                    Enclosures, Racks & Cabinets




                                    Cabinet & Rack





                                    Cabinet & Rack Parts/Accessories





                                    Electrical (NEMA) Enclosure





                                    Electrical (NEMA) Enclosure Accessories





                                    Electronic Enclosure





                                    Electronic Enclosure Accessories





                                    Ice Chest/Coolers





                                    Subrack/Card Cage





                                    Subrack/Card Cage Accessories





                                    Travel and Brief Cases








                    ESD & Prototyping




                                    3D Printer Accessories





                                    3D Printers





                                    Educational/Hobby Kits





                                    ESD Products





                                    Facilities Cleaning & Maintenance





                                    PCB





                                    Production Aids





                                    Robots & Accessories





                                    Safety





                                    Soldering





                                    Storage Products





                                    Tape Dispensers





                                    Tapes








                    Fans, Motors & Thermal Mgmt.




                                    Air Conditioners





                                    Blower





                                    Diffusion Valves





                                    Electric Heaters





                                    Fan & Blower Accessories





                                    Fan Tray





                                    Fans





                                    Filter Loss Gauges





                                    Heat Exchangers





                                    Heatsinks





                                    Insulators, Sockets and Kits





                                    Motor Accessories





                                    Motor-Drive Combination





                                    Motorized Impeller Accessories





                                    Motorized Impellers





                                    Motors





                                    Space Heaters & Radiators





                                    Spigot Plates





                                    Thermal Pads





                                    Thermoelectric Coolers








                    Optoelectronics & Lighting




                                    Displays





                                    Emitters and Detectors





                                    Fiber Optic Products





                                    Indicators, Panel Mount





                                    Indicators, PCB Mount





                                    Lamps (Light Bulbs)





                                    Laser Diodes





                                    LED (Light Emitting Diode)





                                    Lenses





                                    Light Pipe Products





                                    Lighting





                                    Optocouplers/Optoisolators





                                    Sockets & Lampholders








                    Passive Components




                                    Capacitor Arrays





                                    Capacitor Hardware & Accessories





                                    Capacitors





                                    EMI/RFI Shielding/Suppression





                                    Gas Discharge Tubes (GDT)





                                    Inductors





                                    Joysticks





                                    Kits





                                    Resistor Hardware





                                    Resistor Networks & Arrays





                                    Resistors





                                    Thermistor Hardware





                                    Thermistors





                                    Variable Capacitors





                                    Variable Resistors





                                    Varistors (MOV)








                    Pneumatics




                                    Actuator Accessories





                                    Actuators





                                    Air Prep/Treatment





                                    Fitting Accessories





                                    Fittings





                                    Flow Controls/Speed Controls





                                    Instrumentation





                                    Ionizer and Controls





                                    Logic Elements





                                    Mufflers/Silencers





                                    Multi-Line Connectors





                                    Pumps/Compressors





                                    Tubing/Hoses





                                    Vacuum





                                    Valves








                    Power Products




                                    Converter (DC-DC Power Supplies)





                                    Inverter (DC-AC Power Supplies)





                                    Inverter Accessories





                                    PoE (Power Over Ethernet)





                                    Power Entry Module (PEM)





                                    Power Entry Module Accessories





                                    Power Outlets





                                    Power Strip





                                    Power Strip Accessories





                                    Power Supply (AC-DC Power Supplies)





                                    Power Supply Accessories





                                    Power Transfer Switches





                                    Solar Charger/Inverter





                                    Solar Power Combiner





                                    Transformers





                                    UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supplies)





                                    UPS Accessories








                    Semiconductors




                                    Discrete Semiconductors





                                    Integrated Circuits





                                    Semiconductor Development Kits





                                    Semiconductor Tools








                    Sensors, Switches & Relays




                                    Encoder Accessories





                                    Encoders





                                    Hand Counter





                                    Relay





                                    Relay - Board Level





                                    Relay - Monitoring





                                    Relay - Time Delay (TDR)





                                    Relay Accessories





                                    Relay Array Modules





                                    Sensor Accessories





                                    Sensors





                                    Switch Accessories/Modular Parts





                                    Switch Kits





                                    Switches





                                    Wireless Equipment








                    Test & Measurement




                                    Analyzers





                                    Calibrators





                                    Counters





                                    Datalogging & Acquisition





                                    Decade Box





                                    Electronic Load





                                    Extender Cards





                                    Inspection Scopes





                                    Meters





                                    Oscilloscopes





                                    Power Supplies





                                    Signal Generators





                                    Test Equipment Accessories





                                    Test Leads/Cable Assemblies





                                    Testers





                                    Thermometers & Thermal Imagers








                    Tools & Hardware




                                    Connector and Crimp Tooling





                                    Engineering Materials





                                    Hardware





                                    Hydraulics





                                    Power Transmission





                                    Tool Accessories and Parts





                                    Tools





                                    Workshop Equipment & Storage








                    Wire & Cable




                                    Cable





                                    Cable Assemblies





                                    Cable Management





                                    Wire










                                Manufacturers



My Account




     
    


Orders


Saved Carts


Upload BOM


Request Quote


Request Return


My Account






                                    Quick Order



    Allied Stock #/ Mfr. Part #


    Qty















































More Lines >








				
        Multiple items contain the part number.  Please select the required parts.
    
			












Orders



Log in to view your orders >











Microchip Technology Inc.



















Refine Your Search





0 Refinements Selected

















                                    Manufacturer



                                    Clear






                                        Microchip Technology Inc.













                            Filter by
                            Category
                        










                                        Audio, Video, RF & Security (36)





                                        Automation & Control (3)





                                        Batteries (1)





                                        Connectors (2)





                                        ESD & Prototyping (17)





                                        Fans, Motors & Thermal Management (1)





                                        Power Products (1)





                                        Semiconductors (21211)





                                        Uncategorized Products (8)





                                        Wire & Cable (4)












                            Filter by
                            RoHS Code
                        















                                            Compliant
                                            (21184)









                                            Non-Compliant
                                            (2)









                                            Unknown
                                            (98)





















Search Microchip Technology Inc. Products















Microchip is a leading provider of microcontroller, analog and Flash-IP solutions, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Offering outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality, Microchip serves over 63,000 customers in more than 65 countries who are designing high-volume embedded control applications in the consumer, automotive, office-automation, communications and industrial-control markets worldwide. 




Untitled Document





8-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
  
16-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
 
32-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
  
dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers

Based on a powerful RISC core, the PIC microcontroller architecture provides users with an easy migration path from 6 to 100 pins among all families, with little or no code change required.
 
The 16-bit PIC24 Family is comprised of two  sub-families. The PIC24F offers a cost-effective low power step up in  performance, memory and peripherals for many applications that are pushing the  envelope of 8-bitmicrocontroller capabilities.
 
The PIC32 family adds more performance and more memory  while maintaining pin, peripheral and software compatibility with Microchip’s 16-bit MCU/DSC families. The PIC32 family operates at up to 80 MHz and offers  ample code and data space capabilities.
 
The dsPIC family of Digital Signal Controllers (DSCs) features a fully implemented digital signal processor (DSP) engine, with up to 40 MIPS non-pipelined performance, C compiler friendly design, and a familiar  microcontroller architecture and design environment.


 

 

 



 

 

 


MPLAB Starter Kit-PIC18F MCU
 
dsPIC33F and PIC24H Starter Kits
 
Multimedia Expansion Board
 
MPLAB Starter Kit For DSPIC DSC


MPLAB Starter Kit for PIC18F MCU

 

Microstick for dsPIC33F and PIC24H, Starter Kits 

 

Multimedia Expansion Board, PIC32 Boards and kits

 

MPLAB Starter Kit For  DSPIC DSC, DSPICDEMO



 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Analog and Interface Products
  
Wireless Products
  
Memory Products
  
Real-Time Clocks

Microchip’s broad spectrum of analog products addresses thermal management, power management, battery  management, mixed-signal, linear, interface and safety & security solutions.
 
Microchip offers radio-frequency products for adding wireless  connectivity to embedded PIC microcontroller and dsPIC DSC-based designs for the following technologies: IEEE 802.15.4/ZigBee, Sub-GHz RF and IEEE  802.11/Wi-Fi.
 
Microchip’s broad portfolio of memory devices includes Serial EEPROM, Serial SRAM, Serial Flash and Parallel Flash Devices. Our  innovative, low-power designs and extensive testing have ensured industry leading robustness & endurance.
 
Microchip offers a family of highly integrated, low cost Real Time Clock/Calendar devices with battery backup capability, digital trimming along with onboard EEPROM and SRAM memory.


 

 

 



 

 

 


Intelligent Analog PIC
 
Wi-Fi Transceiver Module
 
Serial Memory Products Starter Kit
 
I2C™ Real-Time Clock/Calendar


Programmable Internal Reference Source for On-Chip Analog Modules

 

36 Module Varies Tray, Wi-Fi Transceiver Module with PCB Antenna

 

Kit Starter For SRL MEM Products

 

8 MSOP 3X3MM Tube, I2C GP RTCC, 1Kb EE, 64B sram, id



 

 

 












Microchip Resources








Website

Press Releases

Training

Other Resources











				Microchip Technology Videos











  


        Sign up for product announcements and offers
    

  Terms & Conditions   About Us   Customer Service   Order Status   Privacy   Catalog   Contact Us   Quick Order   Security   Newsroom   Tech Support   Supplier Line Card   Shipping Info   Careers   Services   Products   Legal   Quality   Returns   Site Map                               



            You are now subscribed to emails from Allied Electronics.
            
            You will hear from us soon!
        



                    © Allied Electronics, Inc.
                    2017. 
                    All rights reserved.
                







0























	Products | Microchip Technology Inc.






















































‹








Products
Applications
Design Support
Sample and Buy
About Us
Contact Us
myMicrochip Login







Microcontrollers and Microprocessors 

8-bit MCUs 
16-bit MCUs 
32-bit MCUs 
32-bit MPUs 



Analog 


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview 
Operational Amplifiers 
Instrumentation Amplifiers 
Comparators 
PGA 
Power/Current Monitors 



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview 
Analog-to-Digital Converter 
Digital Potentiometers 
Digital-to-Analog Converters 
Power and Energy Measurement 
F/V and V/F Converters 
Power/Current Sensors 
Voltage References 



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview 
MOSFETs – Interface 
Driver Arrays 
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers 
Application Specific 


Motor Drivers 

Power Management

Power Management Overview 
Voltage References 
Battery Management 
Charge Pumps 
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors 
LDO Regulators 
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers 
PWM Controllers 
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators 
Switching Regulators 
Voltage Detectors 
Power Modules 
Power Switches 
High Voltage Linear Regulators 



CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs 
Horn Driver ICs 



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview 
Local Temperature Sensors 
Remote Temperature Sensors 
Fan Controller ICs 
Thermocouple ICs 



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview 
Analog Multiplexers/Switches 
Beamformer Source Drivers 
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays 
Continuous Transmit Pulsers 
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters 
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs 
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers 





Clock and Timing 

Overview 
Clock Generation 
Oscillators 
Clock and Data Distribution 
Real-time Clock 



High-Speed Networking and Video 

Overview 
Ethernet 
ARCNET 
CoaXpress® 
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets 
Video Equalizers 
Video Transceivers 
Video Sub-Systems 
Clock and Data Recovery ICs 



Interface and Connectivity 

CoaXpress® 
CAN 
Infrared 
LIN 
Serial Peripherals 
USB 





Display and LED Drivers 

Display and LED Drivers Overview 
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers 
Automotive LED Drivers 
Backlight LED Drivers 
General-Purpose LED Drivers 
Linear Current Regulators 
Sequential Linear LED Drivers 
Camera Flash Drivers 



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O 

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview 
Desktop and Super I/O 
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers 
Expansion and Legacy I/O 



Programmable Logic 

SPLD/CPLD 
FPGA 
FPGA Configuration Memory 



Memory 

Serial EEPROM 
Serial EERAM 
Serial SRAM 
Serial Flash 
Parallel Flash 
Parallel EEPROM 
OTP EPROM 



Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 





Wireless 

Wireless Connectivity 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® Technology 
MiWi™ Protocol 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 
802.15.4 
Sigfox 
RF Identification 
IR Control 
Wireless Audio 



Smart Energy/Metering 

Overview 
Metering 
Power Line Communications 
Wireless Communications 



Rad Hard 

Overview 
Rad Hard ASICs 
Rad Hard Communication ICs 
Rad Hard FPGAs 
Rad Hard Memories 
Rad Hard Processors 
Rad Tolerant Devices 



Security ICs 

Security ICs Overview 

CryptoAuthentication

Overview 
Geting Started 
SHA Based 
ECC Based 
ECC-AWS IoT Based 
AES Based 



Trusted Platform Module

Overview 
TCG Version 1.2 



CryptoRF

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoRF 
CryptoRF Reader 



CryptoMemory

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V) 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V) 








Curiosity Development Board

Your next embedded design idea has a new home. Curiosity is a cost-effective, fully-integrated 8-bit development platform targeted at first-time users, makers and those seeking a feature-rich rapid prototyping board




MCP6V9X

This family of operational amplifiers provides input offset voltage correction for very low offset and offset drift, with a gain bandwidth product of 10 MHz.




DSC6000

The new DSC6000 family is the industry's smallest MEMS MHz oscillator with the lowest power consumption over full frequency range of 2 KHz to 100 MHz.




GigEpack Ethernet Products

 
Advanced design techniques ensure reliable operation under extreme conditions while stripping away complexity and advancing ease-of-use, the GigEpack provides three key elements: Certified Products, free drivers and copy-ready evaluation boards, and Microchip’s free LANCheck® design check service. Together, they ensure interoperability, rapid development and robust board design.
                                



UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement the revolutionary USB-C™ connector in practically any consumer, industrial or automotive application.




HV9805

The HV9805 features a PFC boost converter with valley/ZCD switching that reduces system cost by lessening the thermal and optical design requirements. The linear post-regular provides True DC lighting with no flickering and the configurable to SEPIC technology supports lower LED string voltage.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




SST26WF080B/040B

Manufactured with SuperFlash® technology that provides the industry's fastest erase times, the SST26WF080B (8 Mbit) and SST26WF040B (4 Mbit) are approximately 300 times faster than competitive devices.




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 Aerospace and Defense
 Audio and Speech

Automotive 

Automotive Solutions 
Automotive Connectivity 
Functional Safety 


 Battery Management
 CAN
 Computing

Displays 

Graphical Displays 
Segmented LCD 


 Embedded Security

Ethernet 

Ethernet Overview 
Ethernet of Everything 
USB-to-Ethernet 
Ethernet Controllers 
Ethernet Switches 
Ethernet PHYs 
EtherCAT® 




 High Temperature
 Home Appliance
 Intelligent Power
 Internet of Things
 Lighting
 Low Power
 LIN
 Medical

Metering 

Metering Overview 
Electric Meter 
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters 
Power Monitoring 




 Motor Control and Drive
 Power Monitoring
 Smart Energy/Metering
 Smartphone Accessories

Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - automotive and industrial touch screens 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



USB 

USB Overview 
USB Hubs and Devices 
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs 


 Wireless Audio

Wireless Connectivity 

Wireless Connectivity Overview 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® 
MiWi™ 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 






Lower Power High Performance ADC

Microchip is committed to providing military grade products for integration into present and future aerospace and defense sector programs. Our complete portfolio of microcontrollers, power, analog, digital, memory, RF, mixed-signal and interface




PIC32 Bluetooth Audio Development Kit (DV320032)

This kit delivers the hardware and software needed to develop digital audio docking applications with USB or Bluetooth connectivity. Preloaded demo code enables audio streaming via USB or Bluetooth.




OS82150

The OS82150 integrates a coaxial cable driver and coaxial receiver, extending the usage of coaxial cabling to enable powerful automotive infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




MCP73871 Fully Integrated Linear Solution

The MCP73871 device is a 1A fully integrated linear solution for system load sharing and Li-Ion / Li-Polymer battery charge management with AC-DC wall adapter and USB port power sources selection. It's also capable of autonomous power source selection between input or battery.




CAN FD Transceiver Family

The CAN Flexible Data Rate (CAN FD) Transceiver family helps CAN systems meet the physical layer requirement for CAN FD systems, and is one of only a few CAN FD transceivers approved by auto OEMs.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




TC7106A

The TC7106A 3½ digit LCD direct-display drive analog-to-digital converters allow existing TC7106-based systems to be upgraded. Each device has a precision reference with a 20ppm/°C max temperature coefficient. This represents a 4-7 times improvement over similar 3½ digit converters.




PIC24FJ128GB204

The new PIC24F "GB4" family expands Microchip's eXtreme Low Power portfolio and includes an integrated hardware crypto engine with both OTP and Key RAM options for secure key storage, up to 256 KB of Flash memory and a direct drive for segmented LCD displays, in 64-, 100- or 121-pin packages.




LAN9352/LAN9352i

The LAN9352/LAN9352i is a high-performance, small-footprint, full-featured 2-port managed Ethernet switch and is application-optimized for consumer, embedded and Industrial designs.




MCP2561/2 FD

This is a second generation high-speed CAN transceiver that guarantees Loop Delay Symmetry in order to support higher data rates required for CAN FD. Maximum propagation delay was improved to support longer bus length. The device meets the automotive requirements for CAN FD bit rates exceeding 5 Mbps.




Class B Safety Software Library

Microchip has developed a library of low-level software routines and hardware peripherals that simplify meeting IEC 60730 requirements for Class B Safety. Each product family (PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, dsPIC® DSC and PIC32) has functions specifically designed to work efficiently with the available resources.




dsPIC33EP "GS" Family for Digtal Power Applications

This family delivers the performance needed to implement more sophisticated non-linear, predictive & adaptive control algorithms at higher switching frequencies. These advanced algorithms enable power supply designs that are more energy efficient & have better power supply specifications.




WCM and ECM Development Kits

Microchip's WCM (Wi-Fi® Client Module) and ECM (Ethernet Client Module) development kits are designed to enable you to quickly and easily connect an embedded system to a cloud-based server, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). This will reduce the learning curve and help you get connected to the cloud quickly.




Smart Lights are Better Lights

Microchip's PIC® microcontrollers with intelligent analog integration like the PIC16F176X family make it possible to get advanced features such as digital control to smooth dimming, as well as color temperature tuning, usage-based lifetime prediction and networked communication for monitoring and control.




PIC24FJ256GB412

PIC24F 16-bit microcontroller featuring integrated Hardware Crypto module and eXtreme Low Power. This family also includes 256 KB Flash, 16 KB RAM, USB, LCD and advanced peripherals. The combination of features makes the part ideally suited for low-power embedded security applications.




OS82150

The OS82150 extends the usage of coaxial cabling to powerful infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




Is Your Medical Device Design Secured?

Is your medical device design truly secured? Microchip's full line of security products, including MCUs, wireless products and software libraries, can secure your medical device designs from the ground up.




MCP39F511

The MCP39F511 is a highly integrated, single-phase power-monitoring IC designed for real-time measurement of input power for AC/DC power supplies, providing power and energy values. It includes dual-channel delta sigma ADCs, a 16-bit calculation engine, EEPROM and a flexible 2-wire interface.




MCP8026

This is a 3-Phase brushless gate driver with power module & 5 µA (typ) sleep-mode current. It integrates three half-bridge drivers to drive external NMOS/NMOS transistor pairs configured to drive a 3-phase BLDC motor, a comparator, a voltage regulator to provide bias to a companion microcontroller & power monitoring comparators.




dsPIC33EP32MC202

The dsPIC33E family of digital signal controllers (DSCs) features a 70 MIPS dsPIC® DSC core with integrated DSP and enhanced on-chip peripherals. These DSCs enable the design of high-performance, precision motor control systems that are more energy efficient, quieter in operation.




Single-Burner Induction Cooktop Reference Design

This cost-effective single-burner induction cooktop reference design is a fully functional single-burner unit that achieves greater than 90%* efficiency and consumes less than 0.5W power during standby. The user interface implements mTouch® sensing solutions.




Smartphone Accessory

New accessories are emerging in sports/fitness, wellness, financial transactions markets. Microchip's accessory development kits make it easy to development your accessory products with fast time-to-market!




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement USB-C in practically any application, whether consumer, industrial, or automotive.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 New to Microchip?

Development Tools 

Development Tools Overview 
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards 

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions 
MPLAB® X IDE 
MPLAB® XC Compilers 
MPLAB® Code Configurator 
MPLAB® Xpress 
MPLAB® Harmony 
Microchip Libraries for Applications 
Software Libraries 
Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators 
Emulation Extention Paks 
Programmers 



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE 
Data Visualizer 
Compilers 
Atmel START 
MCU Software Library 
Atmel Gallery 



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers 
Programmers 



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols 
SPICE Models 
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator 
MindiSWLib 
IBIS Models 
Clockworks® Configurator 
BSDL 


Third-Party Development Tools 



Documentation 

Application Notes 
Data Sheets 
Erratas 
Packaging Specifications 
Programming Specifications 
Reference Manuals 
User Guides 
Product Briefs 
Migration Documents 



Training 

Training Overview 
Developer Help Wiki 
Webinars 
Microchip Videos 
MASTERs Conference 
Technical Training Center 




 Forums
 Design Partner Network
 Product Change Notification

Quality and Reliability 

Quality 
Reliability 




 Technical Support

Software 

Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 


 Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks




Need Help?

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.




PICKIT™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer

Microchip's PICkit™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer uses in-circuit debugging logic incorporated into each chip with Flash memory to provide a low-cost hardware debugger and programmer. In-circuit debugging offers low cost, minimum additional debug hardware and no expensive sockets or adapters




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Conferences, Tradeshows and Events

Microchip attends conferences and events around the world, visit our events page to see where we will be exhibiting next.




Microchip in the Press

View our latest announcements on products, corporate news and investor press announcements.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or about content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.







 Global Sales and Distribution
 microchipDIRECT
 Samples


 Programming Center
 Samples FAQ
 Sales Support


 Find Your Sales Office
 Getting Started With Microchip Products




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

Published six times a year, MicroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information to give you a competitive edge and help you meet your design goals. In each issue, you'll get an update on our new products and development tools, find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used by developers of a variety of applications.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.








Company Information 

About 
Corporate Overview 
Acquisitions 
Notice of Fraudulent Behavior 



Leadership 

Leadership Overview 
Board of Directors 
Appointed Officers 


 Investor Relations

Careers 

Careers Overview 
Microchip's Culture 
US Benefits 
Meet Your Recruiter 
Career Ladder 
Hiring Process 
Employee Testimonials 





Media Center 

Press Releases 
RSS Feeds 
Microchip Videos 


 MicroSolutions Digital Magazine
 Tradeshows and Events
 Academic Program



Corporate Responsibility 

Corporate Responsibility Overview 
Ethics and Conduct 
Sustainability 
Conflict Minerals 
Environment 
Community 
Products 
Customers 
Employees 
Environmental Health and Safety 



Legal Information 

Legal Information Overview 
General Product Legal Information 
Microchip Trademarks 
Microchip Patents 
Website Usage and Limitation of Liability 
Microchip Terms and Conditions of Sale 
Privacy Policy 
Copyrighted Material 
Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyrighted Infringement 


 Export Control Data
 Contact Us


























About Us



Company Information


About


Acquisitions


Overview


Atmel


Micrel


ISSC Technologies Corporation


Supertex, Inc.


Eqcologic, Inc.




Notice of Fraudulent Behavior




Conflict Minerals


Corporate Responsibility


Overview


Sustainability


Ethics and Conduct


Environment


Community


Products


Customers


Employees




Careers


Microchip’s Career Site


Microchip's Culture


US Benefits


Meet Your Recruiter


Career Ladder


Hiring Process


Employee Testimonials




Contact Us


MicroSolutions Digital Magazine


Environmental Health and Safety


Investor Relations


Leadership


Legal Information


Overview


General Product Legal Information


Trademarks


Microchip Trademarks


3rd Party Trademark Guidelines


Trademark Descriptors and Nouns List




Microchip Patents


Website Usage and Limitation of Liability


Microchip Terms and Conditions of Sale


Privacy Policy


Copyright Usage Guidelines


Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyright Infringement


Development Tools Warranty Card




Media Center


Tradeshows & Events


Press Releases


RSS Feeds


Microchip Videos




New to Microchip?




Resources

Training
Data Sheets
Support
Sales
Product Change Notification








Products










Microchip is passionate about making a positive difference in the world and in people's
lives. Whether enabling our wide range of customers and partners to reduce energy
or battery consumption, expand home medical care, or ensure the safety and security
of a building, car or home, our vision is to enable our customers the freedom to
innovate for today and tomorrow by being the very best embedded control solutions
company ever.




At Microchip, we enable

Battery Friendly Designs with XLP Technology

    Smart Energy Solutions – Efficiency, 
    Metering,
    Conversion and Displays




Microchip understands designers are being challenged in ways never imagined to create
"smarter" and more efficient equipment. People in every part of the world want to
reduce their personal impact on the environment and the people around them while
demanding the ability to quickly communicate access information, secure data and
be engaged by their electronic equipment. As a result, customers around the globe
turn to Microchip. We are a world leader in the design and manufacture of microcontrollers, with the popular PIC® microcontrollers; a broad spectrum of innovative
analog, non-volatile and Flash memory
and wireless products that offer our customers a low-risk product
development environment, faster time to market and lower total system cost. Customers
know they can count on Microchip to continue to drive breakthroughs with our global
engineering and applications team and to invest in technologies that will meet their
needs today and tomorrow.








Tabs / About Us / Products




                        Resources
                  










Title

Mission Statement and Guiding Values
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (HR-690)
Charter for Nominating & Governance Committee
Microchip Compensation Committee Charter
Amended and Restated Audit Committee Charter amended May 13, 2007
Microchip Leadership
Social Responsibility Statement
Corporate Sustainability Report
Environmental Health and Safety Policies and Information



D/L

download
download
download
download
download
download
download
download
download


















Corporate Governance Video Channel












































Microchip Technology Inc. | Macnica Galaxy






      Skip to main content
    
















 Global Network Contact Us 






English

Chinese, Traditional






Search

















 Back to Top













Microchip


 





Microchip Technology Inc.


Microchip Technology Inc. is a leading provider of microcontroller and analog semiconductors, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality.
Featured Products
PIC® Microcontrollers
Amplifiers & Linear
Data Converters
Interface
Motor Drivers
Power Management
Safety & Security
Thermal Management
Memory
Touch and Input Sensing
Wireless
Real-Time Clock





       Supplier Website
    





For more information:
  Contact Us




















Microchip Technology - Wikipedia






















 






Microchip Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Microchip Technology





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: MCHP
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Semiconductors


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Chandler, Arizona,
United States



Key people

Steve Sanghi, Chairman & CEO
J. Eric Bjornholt, CFO
Ganesh Moorthy, President & COO


Products
Microcontrollers
Serial EEPROMs
Serial SRAM
Analog ICs


Revenue
$2.173 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

10,000+ (2016) <>[2]


Website
www.microchip.com






A 1988 vintage Microchip PIC16CR54 with the Apple Desktop Bus protocol pre-programmed, before they became an independent company, as used in a Macintosh SE.


Microchip Technology is an American manufacturer of microcontroller, memory and analog semiconductors. Its products include microcontrollers (PICmicro, dsPIC / PIC24, PIC32, AVR, AVR32 and SAM), Serial EEPROM devices, Serial SRAM devices, KEELOQ devices, radio frequency (RF) devices, thermal, power and battery management analog devices, as well as linear, interface and mixed signal devices. Some of the interface devices include USB, ZigBee/MiWi, Controller Area Network, LoRa, SIGFOX and Ethernet.
Corporate headquarters is located at Chandler, Arizona with wafer fabs in Tempe, Arizona, Gresham, Oregon and Colorado Springs, Colorado, assembly/test facilities in Chachoengsao, Thailand. Sales for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2016 were $2,173,334,000.[2]
Among its chief competitors are Analog Devices, Infineon, Maxim Integrated Products, NXP Semiconductors (previously Philips and purchased Freescale), Renesas Electronics, STMicroelectronics, and Texas Instruments.



Contents


1 History
2 Products

2.1 Microcontrollers
2.2 Integrated circuits


3 Acquisitions

3.1 HI-TECH Software
3.2 Silicon Storage Technology


4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Microchip Technology was founded in 1987 when General Instrument spun off its microelectronics division as a wholly owned subsidiary.[3] Microchip Technology became an independent company in 1989 when it was acquired by a group of venture capitalists, and went public in 1993.[4]
In April 2009, Microchip Technology announced the nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers (With World’s Lowest Sleep Current).[5] Microchip Technology had sold more than 6 billion microcontrollers as of 2009.[6]
In April 2010, Microchip acquired Silicon Storage Technology (SST),[7] and sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems in May that year.[8]
As of 2011, Microchip Technology ships over a billion processors every year. In September 2011, Microchip Technology shipped the 10 billionth PIC microcontroller.[9]
In August 2012, Microchip acquired Standard Microsystems Corporation (SMSC).[10] Among SMSC's assets were those it had previously acquired from Symwave, a start-up that specialized in USB 3.0 chips, and two hi-fi wireless audio companies — Kleer Semiconductor and Wireless Audio IP BV.[11][12][13]
In January 2016, Microchip agreed to buy Atmel for $3.56 billion.[14][15][16] JPMorgan Chase advised Microchip while Qatalyst Partners advised Atmel.[17]
Products[edit]
Microchip develops a wide range of microcontrollers and integrated circuits (ICs), for the hobbyist and professional markets.
Microcontrollers[edit]
Microchip is widely known for their line of PIC microcontrollers, and their MCU-related product line includes:

PIC microcontrollers

8-bit MCUs - PIC10, PIC12, PIC16, PIC18
16-bit MCUs - PIC24, dsPIC
32-bit MCUs - PIC32MX, PIC32MZ
Legacy Intel MCS-51 MCUs
KEELOQ MCUs for security applications
rfPIC MCUs for wireless sensor applications


AVR Microcontrollers
SAM ARM-based Microntrollers and Microprocessors
Computer software

MPLAB IDE
MPLAB Xpress
C and C++ compilers for PIC/dsPIC MCUs
Code libraries for PIC/dsPIC MCUs


Development hardware

MPLAB series (debuggers & programmers for professionals)
PICkit series (programmers for hobbyists and students)



Integrated circuits[edit]
The Microchip product line of integrated circuits include:

Memory storage devices

Serial EEPROM chips
Serial SRAM chips
Serial Flash chips
Parallel Flash chips


Interface devices

USB controllers
ZigBee/MiWi controllers
CAN/LIN controllers
Ethernet controllers


Power management devices

Battery charge controllers (Li-Ion, NiMH, Multi-Chemistry)
Power MOSFETs
Voltage regulators


Motor drivers

PWM-based controllers
DC motor controllers
BLDC motor controllers


Touch sensing

mTouch (capacitive sensor technology)
RightTouch (turn-key capacitive sensor technology)
GestIC (3D Tracking and gesture detection technology)
Haptics (Eccentric Rotating Mass (ERM) actuators)


Ultrasound devices

Ultrasound switches
Ultrasound transmitters



Acquisitions[edit]
HI-TECH Software[edit]
HI-TECH Software was an Australian-based company that provides ANSI C compilers and development tools. Founded in 1984, the company is best known for its HI-TECH C PRO compilers with whole-program compilation technology, or Omniscient Code Generation (OCG).[18][19] HI-TECH Software was bought by Microchip on 20 February 2009,[20] whereupon it refocused its development effort exclusively on supporting Microchip products.[21]
Supported manufacturers and architectures :

Microchip PIC10, PIC12, PIC14, PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, PIC32 and dsPIC
Cypress PSoC's
Silicon Laboratories MCUs
8051 MCUs
Z80 for CP/M[22] and Z80 cross compiler.

Silicon Storage Technology[edit]




EPROM 28EE011 made by SST


Silicon Storage Technology, Inc. (SST) was a Sunnyvale, California, United States, technology company producing non-volatile memory devices and related products.[23][24] SST supplied NOR flash and other integrated circuits for high-volume applications.[25]
Bing Yeh co-founded SST in August 1989, and served as its chief executive.[26]
At the 1992 Fall COMDEX trade show, SST introduced the first single-board 30 MB 2.5” solid-state drive with standard hard-disk ATA interface and a 5 MB PC Card memory card with built-in controller and firmware.[27]
In 1993, SST moved its headquarters to Sunnyvale. That same year, SST introduced its first SuperFlash technology products, with lower costs and faster write speeds. By the end of 1995, more than 90% of the PC motherboards produced in Taiwan had adopted SST's 1 Mbit SuperFlash EEPROM product for the BIOS storage.[citation needed] The company had its initial public offering November 21, 1995, trading on the NASDAQ market under the symbol SSTI.[28] Analytical models of SuperFlash were published.[29][30] A five-year licensing agreement was announced in January 1999 with Acer Inc..[31] A 1997 lawsuit filed by Intel was settled in May 1999 after mediation.[32]
In 2004, SST began to diversify beyond flash memory products, targeting consumer and industrial products with embedded solid-state data storage and RF wireless communication.[33] In September 2004 SST purchased a majority stake in Emosyn, which designed products for SIM cards. In October it announced the acquisition of G-Plus, based in Santa Monica, California.[33]
In 2006, SST announced a joint development agreement with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) to develop 90 nm SuperFlash technology.[34]
SST had its stock option grant practices investigated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, ending in June 2008.[35] It determined it needed to restate earnings, and was given a de-listing notice by NASDAQ for filing late reports from 2006 through 2007.[36] Business slowed in the Great Recession.The company announced a loss on reduced revenues, reducing its workforce by 17% in December 2008.[37]
In November 2009, Technology Resource Holdings offered to acquire the company for about $200 million, but a group of shareholders thought it was undervalued.[38] Starting in February 2010, private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management and public company Microchip Technology both made offers to acquire SST.[39][40] In April 2010, Microchip completed the acquisition for about $292 million.[41][42] Microchip sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems (founded by Yeh) in May of that year.[43]

SMSC
Atmel
Micrel
ISSC Technologies Corporation
Supertex
EqcoLogic Inc.

Acquisitions
References[edit]


^ *[1]
^ a b "2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). [2]
^ "General Instrument Microelectronics Renamed". Archived from the original on 2004-12-13. 
^ "Microchip Investor Relations - FAQs". 
^ Quick, Darren. "nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers claim world’s lowest sleep current" gizmag April 30, 2009
^ Brian Santo (May 2009). "25 Microchips That Shook the World". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved 2012-04-01. 
^ "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. April 8, 2010. Retrieved 2016-02-22. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. 
^ Microchip Technology Delivers 10 Billionth PIC® Microcontroller
^ "Microchip Technology and SMSC announce the completion of the acquisition of SMSC by Microchip Technology" (PDF) (Press release). Retrieved 2012-08-29. 
^ Mark LaPedus, November 15, 2010 SMSC acquires Symwave, EE Times
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1256626
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1173085
^ "Microchip To Buy Atmel in Latest Semiconductor Deal". Fortune. January 20, 2016. 
^ Assis, Claudia. "Microchip Technology buys chip maker Atmel in $3.56 billion deal". MarketWatch. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ By. "Microchip To Acquire Atmel for $3.56 Billion". Hackaday. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-01-19). "Microchip Technology to Buy Atmel for Nearly $3.6 Billion". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Whole Program C Compiler Optimizes Across Modules
^ Omniscient Code Generation - A whole-program compilation technology for superior code density and performance
^ http://www.search.asic.gov.au/cgi-bin/gns030c?acn=002_724_549&juris=9&hdtext=ACN&srchsrc=1
^ HI-TECH Customer Letter
^ The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine saved a copy of the compiler, available here and a installing turorial is available here.
^ Christensen, Clayton M. (1997). The innovator's dilemma: when new technologies cause great firms to fail. Boston, Mass.: Harvard Business School Press. p. 50. ISBN 978-0-87584-585-2. 
^ "SST Reports Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results". Press release. Silicon Storage Technology. July 28, 2009. Archived from the original on August 8, 2009. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage Technology". StorageSearch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-04. 
^ Saxenian, AnnaLee (1999). Silicon Valley's new immigrant entrepreneurs. San Francisco: Public Policy Institute of California. p. 92. ISBN 978-1-58213-009-5. 
^ "Pioneers of the Digital Revolution". Goldsea Asian American Daily. 2006. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Annual report for the Year ending December 31, 1996". Form 10K. US Securities and Exchange Commission. March 27, 1997. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ H. Guan, D. Lee, and G. P. Lee (March 2003). "An analytical model for optimization of programming efficiency and uniformity of split gate source-side injection SuperFlash memory". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 50 (3): 809–815. doi:10.1109/TED.2003.811416. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Xian Liu, V. Markov, A. Kotov, Tho Ngoc Dang, A. Levi, I. Yue, A. Wang, and R. Qian (October 2006). "Endurance Characteristics of SuperFlash Memory". 8th International Conference on Solid-State and Integrated Circuit Technology: 763–765. doi:10.1109/ICSICT.2006.306479. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "Chips are up for Acer: Deal with SST to bring welcome cash boost". The Register. January 14, 1999. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mike Magee (May 14, 1999). "Intel and Silicon Storage settle lawsuit: A mediator has mediated". The Register. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b "SST 2004 Annual Report" (PDF). SST. April 22, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on August 1, 2012. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Nancy Gohring (August 21, 2006). "SST, TSMC to jointly develop 90nm SuperFlash: Companies plan to be the first on the market with licensable 90nm embedded flash technology". Info World. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST back in Nasdaq compliance, SEC investigation ends". San Jose Business Journal. July 7, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST gets Nasdaq warning over late financials". San Jose Business Journal. August 17, 2007. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage lowers outlook, cuts jobs". San Jose Business Journal. December 17, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mary Duan (January 5, 2010). "Shareholder group fights SSTI acquisition". San Jose Business Journal. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Raises Bid for Silicon Storage". New York Times Deal Book. March 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Andrew Johnson (March 9, 2010). "Microchip ups bid for tech company". The Arizona Republic. 
^ Mark LaPedus (April 8, 2010). "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Sews Up Silicon Storage Deal". New York Times Deal Book. April 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official Microchip Technology Inc. website
Official Microchip IC wiki



Business data for Microchip Technology: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Microchip Technology



Products



PIC and dsPIC

Instruction set
PIC16x84


KeeLoq
MiWi





Development tools



MPLAB
ICD & REAL ICE
PICkit
ICSP





Third Party



PICAXE
OOPic
Maximite
Parallax SX
Flowcode
IOIO












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx








Companies portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Microchip_Technology&oldid=790199683"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQMicrochip Technology hardwareSemiconductor companiesElectronics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Chandler, ArizonaComputer companies established in 1989Electronics companies established in 1989Science and technology in ArizonaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterArticles needing additional references from July 2013All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDeutschEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 06:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microchip Technology - Wikipedia






















 






Microchip Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Microchip Technology





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: MCHP
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Semiconductors


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Chandler, Arizona,
United States



Key people

Steve Sanghi, Chairman & CEO
J. Eric Bjornholt, CFO
Ganesh Moorthy, President & COO


Products
Microcontrollers
Serial EEPROMs
Serial SRAM
Analog ICs


Revenue
$2.173 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

10,000+ (2016) <>[2]


Website
www.microchip.com






A 1988 vintage Microchip PIC16CR54 with the Apple Desktop Bus protocol pre-programmed, before they became an independent company, as used in a Macintosh SE.


Microchip Technology is an American manufacturer of microcontroller, memory and analog semiconductors. Its products include microcontrollers (PICmicro, dsPIC / PIC24, PIC32, AVR, AVR32 and SAM), Serial EEPROM devices, Serial SRAM devices, KEELOQ devices, radio frequency (RF) devices, thermal, power and battery management analog devices, as well as linear, interface and mixed signal devices. Some of the interface devices include USB, ZigBee/MiWi, Controller Area Network, LoRa, SIGFOX and Ethernet.
Corporate headquarters is located at Chandler, Arizona with wafer fabs in Tempe, Arizona, Gresham, Oregon and Colorado Springs, Colorado, assembly/test facilities in Chachoengsao, Thailand. Sales for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2016 were $2,173,334,000.[2]
Among its chief competitors are Analog Devices, Infineon, Maxim Integrated Products, NXP Semiconductors (previously Philips and purchased Freescale), Renesas Electronics, STMicroelectronics, and Texas Instruments.



Contents


1 History
2 Products

2.1 Microcontrollers
2.2 Integrated circuits


3 Acquisitions

3.1 HI-TECH Software
3.2 Silicon Storage Technology


4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Microchip Technology was founded in 1987 when General Instrument spun off its microelectronics division as a wholly owned subsidiary.[3] Microchip Technology became an independent company in 1989 when it was acquired by a group of venture capitalists, and went public in 1993.[4]
In April 2009, Microchip Technology announced the nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers (With World’s Lowest Sleep Current).[5] Microchip Technology had sold more than 6 billion microcontrollers as of 2009.[6]
In April 2010, Microchip acquired Silicon Storage Technology (SST),[7] and sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems in May that year.[8]
As of 2011, Microchip Technology ships over a billion processors every year. In September 2011, Microchip Technology shipped the 10 billionth PIC microcontroller.[9]
In August 2012, Microchip acquired Standard Microsystems Corporation (SMSC).[10] Among SMSC's assets were those it had previously acquired from Symwave, a start-up that specialized in USB 3.0 chips, and two hi-fi wireless audio companies — Kleer Semiconductor and Wireless Audio IP BV.[11][12][13]
In January 2016, Microchip agreed to buy Atmel for $3.56 billion.[14][15][16] JPMorgan Chase advised Microchip while Qatalyst Partners advised Atmel.[17]
Products[edit]
Microchip develops a wide range of microcontrollers and integrated circuits (ICs), for the hobbyist and professional markets.
Microcontrollers[edit]
Microchip is widely known for their line of PIC microcontrollers, and their MCU-related product line includes:

PIC microcontrollers

8-bit MCUs - PIC10, PIC12, PIC16, PIC18
16-bit MCUs - PIC24, dsPIC
32-bit MCUs - PIC32MX, PIC32MZ
Legacy Intel MCS-51 MCUs
KEELOQ MCUs for security applications
rfPIC MCUs for wireless sensor applications


AVR Microcontrollers
SAM ARM-based Microntrollers and Microprocessors
Computer software

MPLAB IDE
MPLAB Xpress
C and C++ compilers for PIC/dsPIC MCUs
Code libraries for PIC/dsPIC MCUs


Development hardware

MPLAB series (debuggers & programmers for professionals)
PICkit series (programmers for hobbyists and students)



Integrated circuits[edit]
The Microchip product line of integrated circuits include:

Memory storage devices

Serial EEPROM chips
Serial SRAM chips
Serial Flash chips
Parallel Flash chips


Interface devices

USB controllers
ZigBee/MiWi controllers
CAN/LIN controllers
Ethernet controllers


Power management devices

Battery charge controllers (Li-Ion, NiMH, Multi-Chemistry)
Power MOSFETs
Voltage regulators


Motor drivers

PWM-based controllers
DC motor controllers
BLDC motor controllers


Touch sensing

mTouch (capacitive sensor technology)
RightTouch (turn-key capacitive sensor technology)
GestIC (3D Tracking and gesture detection technology)
Haptics (Eccentric Rotating Mass (ERM) actuators)


Ultrasound devices

Ultrasound switches
Ultrasound transmitters



Acquisitions[edit]
HI-TECH Software[edit]
HI-TECH Software was an Australian-based company that provides ANSI C compilers and development tools. Founded in 1984, the company is best known for its HI-TECH C PRO compilers with whole-program compilation technology, or Omniscient Code Generation (OCG).[18][19] HI-TECH Software was bought by Microchip on 20 February 2009,[20] whereupon it refocused its development effort exclusively on supporting Microchip products.[21]
Supported manufacturers and architectures :

Microchip PIC10, PIC12, PIC14, PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, PIC32 and dsPIC
Cypress PSoC's
Silicon Laboratories MCUs
8051 MCUs
Z80 for CP/M[22] and Z80 cross compiler.

Silicon Storage Technology[edit]




EPROM 28EE011 made by SST


Silicon Storage Technology, Inc. (SST) was a Sunnyvale, California, United States, technology company producing non-volatile memory devices and related products.[23][24] SST supplied NOR flash and other integrated circuits for high-volume applications.[25]
Bing Yeh co-founded SST in August 1989, and served as its chief executive.[26]
At the 1992 Fall COMDEX trade show, SST introduced the first single-board 30 MB 2.5” solid-state drive with standard hard-disk ATA interface and a 5 MB PC Card memory card with built-in controller and firmware.[27]
In 1993, SST moved its headquarters to Sunnyvale. That same year, SST introduced its first SuperFlash technology products, with lower costs and faster write speeds. By the end of 1995, more than 90% of the PC motherboards produced in Taiwan had adopted SST's 1 Mbit SuperFlash EEPROM product for the BIOS storage.[citation needed] The company had its initial public offering November 21, 1995, trading on the NASDAQ market under the symbol SSTI.[28] Analytical models of SuperFlash were published.[29][30] A five-year licensing agreement was announced in January 1999 with Acer Inc..[31] A 1997 lawsuit filed by Intel was settled in May 1999 after mediation.[32]
In 2004, SST began to diversify beyond flash memory products, targeting consumer and industrial products with embedded solid-state data storage and RF wireless communication.[33] In September 2004 SST purchased a majority stake in Emosyn, which designed products for SIM cards. In October it announced the acquisition of G-Plus, based in Santa Monica, California.[33]
In 2006, SST announced a joint development agreement with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) to develop 90 nm SuperFlash technology.[34]
SST had its stock option grant practices investigated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, ending in June 2008.[35] It determined it needed to restate earnings, and was given a de-listing notice by NASDAQ for filing late reports from 2006 through 2007.[36] Business slowed in the Great Recession.The company announced a loss on reduced revenues, reducing its workforce by 17% in December 2008.[37]
In November 2009, Technology Resource Holdings offered to acquire the company for about $200 million, but a group of shareholders thought it was undervalued.[38] Starting in February 2010, private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management and public company Microchip Technology both made offers to acquire SST.[39][40] In April 2010, Microchip completed the acquisition for about $292 million.[41][42] Microchip sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems (founded by Yeh) in May of that year.[43]

SMSC
Atmel
Micrel
ISSC Technologies Corporation
Supertex
EqcoLogic Inc.

Acquisitions
References[edit]


^ *[1]
^ a b "2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). [2]
^ "General Instrument Microelectronics Renamed". Archived from the original on 2004-12-13. 
^ "Microchip Investor Relations - FAQs". 
^ Quick, Darren. "nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers claim world’s lowest sleep current" gizmag April 30, 2009
^ Brian Santo (May 2009). "25 Microchips That Shook the World". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved 2012-04-01. 
^ "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. April 8, 2010. Retrieved 2016-02-22. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. 
^ Microchip Technology Delivers 10 Billionth PIC® Microcontroller
^ "Microchip Technology and SMSC announce the completion of the acquisition of SMSC by Microchip Technology" (PDF) (Press release). Retrieved 2012-08-29. 
^ Mark LaPedus, November 15, 2010 SMSC acquires Symwave, EE Times
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1256626
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1173085
^ "Microchip To Buy Atmel in Latest Semiconductor Deal". Fortune. January 20, 2016. 
^ Assis, Claudia. "Microchip Technology buys chip maker Atmel in $3.56 billion deal". MarketWatch. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ By. "Microchip To Acquire Atmel for $3.56 Billion". Hackaday. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-01-19). "Microchip Technology to Buy Atmel for Nearly $3.6 Billion". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Whole Program C Compiler Optimizes Across Modules
^ Omniscient Code Generation - A whole-program compilation technology for superior code density and performance
^ http://www.search.asic.gov.au/cgi-bin/gns030c?acn=002_724_549&juris=9&hdtext=ACN&srchsrc=1
^ HI-TECH Customer Letter
^ The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine saved a copy of the compiler, available here and a installing turorial is available here.
^ Christensen, Clayton M. (1997). The innovator's dilemma: when new technologies cause great firms to fail. Boston, Mass.: Harvard Business School Press. p. 50. ISBN 978-0-87584-585-2. 
^ "SST Reports Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results". Press release. Silicon Storage Technology. July 28, 2009. Archived from the original on August 8, 2009. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage Technology". StorageSearch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-04. 
^ Saxenian, AnnaLee (1999). Silicon Valley's new immigrant entrepreneurs. San Francisco: Public Policy Institute of California. p. 92. ISBN 978-1-58213-009-5. 
^ "Pioneers of the Digital Revolution". Goldsea Asian American Daily. 2006. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Annual report for the Year ending December 31, 1996". Form 10K. US Securities and Exchange Commission. March 27, 1997. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ H. Guan, D. Lee, and G. P. Lee (March 2003). "An analytical model for optimization of programming efficiency and uniformity of split gate source-side injection SuperFlash memory". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 50 (3): 809–815. doi:10.1109/TED.2003.811416. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Xian Liu, V. Markov, A. Kotov, Tho Ngoc Dang, A. Levi, I. Yue, A. Wang, and R. Qian (October 2006). "Endurance Characteristics of SuperFlash Memory". 8th International Conference on Solid-State and Integrated Circuit Technology: 763–765. doi:10.1109/ICSICT.2006.306479. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "Chips are up for Acer: Deal with SST to bring welcome cash boost". The Register. January 14, 1999. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mike Magee (May 14, 1999). "Intel and Silicon Storage settle lawsuit: A mediator has mediated". The Register. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b "SST 2004 Annual Report" (PDF). SST. April 22, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on August 1, 2012. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Nancy Gohring (August 21, 2006). "SST, TSMC to jointly develop 90nm SuperFlash: Companies plan to be the first on the market with licensable 90nm embedded flash technology". Info World. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST back in Nasdaq compliance, SEC investigation ends". San Jose Business Journal. July 7, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST gets Nasdaq warning over late financials". San Jose Business Journal. August 17, 2007. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage lowers outlook, cuts jobs". San Jose Business Journal. December 17, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mary Duan (January 5, 2010). "Shareholder group fights SSTI acquisition". San Jose Business Journal. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Raises Bid for Silicon Storage". New York Times Deal Book. March 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Andrew Johnson (March 9, 2010). "Microchip ups bid for tech company". The Arizona Republic. 
^ Mark LaPedus (April 8, 2010). "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Sews Up Silicon Storage Deal". New York Times Deal Book. April 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official Microchip Technology Inc. website
Official Microchip IC wiki



Business data for Microchip Technology: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Microchip Technology



Products



PIC and dsPIC

Instruction set
PIC16x84


KeeLoq
MiWi





Development tools



MPLAB
ICD & REAL ICE
PICkit
ICSP





Third Party



PICAXE
OOPic
Maximite
Parallax SX
Flowcode
IOIO












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx








Companies portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Microchip_Technology&oldid=790199683"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQMicrochip Technology hardwareSemiconductor companiesElectronics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Chandler, ArizonaComputer companies established in 1989Electronics companies established in 1989Science and technology in ArizonaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterArticles needing additional references from July 2013All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDeutschEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 06:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microchip Technology - Wikipedia






















 






Microchip Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Microchip Technology





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: MCHP
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Semiconductors


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Chandler, Arizona,
United States



Key people

Steve Sanghi, Chairman & CEO
J. Eric Bjornholt, CFO
Ganesh Moorthy, President & COO


Products
Microcontrollers
Serial EEPROMs
Serial SRAM
Analog ICs


Revenue
$2.173 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

10,000+ (2016) <>[2]


Website
www.microchip.com






A 1988 vintage Microchip PIC16CR54 with the Apple Desktop Bus protocol pre-programmed, before they became an independent company, as used in a Macintosh SE.


Microchip Technology is an American manufacturer of microcontroller, memory and analog semiconductors. Its products include microcontrollers (PICmicro, dsPIC / PIC24, PIC32, AVR, AVR32 and SAM), Serial EEPROM devices, Serial SRAM devices, KEELOQ devices, radio frequency (RF) devices, thermal, power and battery management analog devices, as well as linear, interface and mixed signal devices. Some of the interface devices include USB, ZigBee/MiWi, Controller Area Network, LoRa, SIGFOX and Ethernet.
Corporate headquarters is located at Chandler, Arizona with wafer fabs in Tempe, Arizona, Gresham, Oregon and Colorado Springs, Colorado, assembly/test facilities in Chachoengsao, Thailand. Sales for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2016 were $2,173,334,000.[2]
Among its chief competitors are Analog Devices, Infineon, Maxim Integrated Products, NXP Semiconductors (previously Philips and purchased Freescale), Renesas Electronics, STMicroelectronics, and Texas Instruments.



Contents


1 History
2 Products

2.1 Microcontrollers
2.2 Integrated circuits


3 Acquisitions

3.1 HI-TECH Software
3.2 Silicon Storage Technology


4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Microchip Technology was founded in 1987 when General Instrument spun off its microelectronics division as a wholly owned subsidiary.[3] Microchip Technology became an independent company in 1989 when it was acquired by a group of venture capitalists, and went public in 1993.[4]
In April 2009, Microchip Technology announced the nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers (With World’s Lowest Sleep Current).[5] Microchip Technology had sold more than 6 billion microcontrollers as of 2009.[6]
In April 2010, Microchip acquired Silicon Storage Technology (SST),[7] and sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems in May that year.[8]
As of 2011, Microchip Technology ships over a billion processors every year. In September 2011, Microchip Technology shipped the 10 billionth PIC microcontroller.[9]
In August 2012, Microchip acquired Standard Microsystems Corporation (SMSC).[10] Among SMSC's assets were those it had previously acquired from Symwave, a start-up that specialized in USB 3.0 chips, and two hi-fi wireless audio companies — Kleer Semiconductor and Wireless Audio IP BV.[11][12][13]
In January 2016, Microchip agreed to buy Atmel for $3.56 billion.[14][15][16] JPMorgan Chase advised Microchip while Qatalyst Partners advised Atmel.[17]
Products[edit]
Microchip develops a wide range of microcontrollers and integrated circuits (ICs), for the hobbyist and professional markets.
Microcontrollers[edit]
Microchip is widely known for their line of PIC microcontrollers, and their MCU-related product line includes:

PIC microcontrollers

8-bit MCUs - PIC10, PIC12, PIC16, PIC18
16-bit MCUs - PIC24, dsPIC
32-bit MCUs - PIC32MX, PIC32MZ
Legacy Intel MCS-51 MCUs
KEELOQ MCUs for security applications
rfPIC MCUs for wireless sensor applications


AVR Microcontrollers
SAM ARM-based Microntrollers and Microprocessors
Computer software

MPLAB IDE
MPLAB Xpress
C and C++ compilers for PIC/dsPIC MCUs
Code libraries for PIC/dsPIC MCUs


Development hardware

MPLAB series (debuggers & programmers for professionals)
PICkit series (programmers for hobbyists and students)



Integrated circuits[edit]
The Microchip product line of integrated circuits include:

Memory storage devices

Serial EEPROM chips
Serial SRAM chips
Serial Flash chips
Parallel Flash chips


Interface devices

USB controllers
ZigBee/MiWi controllers
CAN/LIN controllers
Ethernet controllers


Power management devices

Battery charge controllers (Li-Ion, NiMH, Multi-Chemistry)
Power MOSFETs
Voltage regulators


Motor drivers

PWM-based controllers
DC motor controllers
BLDC motor controllers


Touch sensing

mTouch (capacitive sensor technology)
RightTouch (turn-key capacitive sensor technology)
GestIC (3D Tracking and gesture detection technology)
Haptics (Eccentric Rotating Mass (ERM) actuators)


Ultrasound devices

Ultrasound switches
Ultrasound transmitters



Acquisitions[edit]
HI-TECH Software[edit]
HI-TECH Software was an Australian-based company that provides ANSI C compilers and development tools. Founded in 1984, the company is best known for its HI-TECH C PRO compilers with whole-program compilation technology, or Omniscient Code Generation (OCG).[18][19] HI-TECH Software was bought by Microchip on 20 February 2009,[20] whereupon it refocused its development effort exclusively on supporting Microchip products.[21]
Supported manufacturers and architectures :

Microchip PIC10, PIC12, PIC14, PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, PIC32 and dsPIC
Cypress PSoC's
Silicon Laboratories MCUs
8051 MCUs
Z80 for CP/M[22] and Z80 cross compiler.

Silicon Storage Technology[edit]




EPROM 28EE011 made by SST


Silicon Storage Technology, Inc. (SST) was a Sunnyvale, California, United States, technology company producing non-volatile memory devices and related products.[23][24] SST supplied NOR flash and other integrated circuits for high-volume applications.[25]
Bing Yeh co-founded SST in August 1989, and served as its chief executive.[26]
At the 1992 Fall COMDEX trade show, SST introduced the first single-board 30 MB 2.5” solid-state drive with standard hard-disk ATA interface and a 5 MB PC Card memory card with built-in controller and firmware.[27]
In 1993, SST moved its headquarters to Sunnyvale. That same year, SST introduced its first SuperFlash technology products, with lower costs and faster write speeds. By the end of 1995, more than 90% of the PC motherboards produced in Taiwan had adopted SST's 1 Mbit SuperFlash EEPROM product for the BIOS storage.[citation needed] The company had its initial public offering November 21, 1995, trading on the NASDAQ market under the symbol SSTI.[28] Analytical models of SuperFlash were published.[29][30] A five-year licensing agreement was announced in January 1999 with Acer Inc..[31] A 1997 lawsuit filed by Intel was settled in May 1999 after mediation.[32]
In 2004, SST began to diversify beyond flash memory products, targeting consumer and industrial products with embedded solid-state data storage and RF wireless communication.[33] In September 2004 SST purchased a majority stake in Emosyn, which designed products for SIM cards. In October it announced the acquisition of G-Plus, based in Santa Monica, California.[33]
In 2006, SST announced a joint development agreement with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) to develop 90 nm SuperFlash technology.[34]
SST had its stock option grant practices investigated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, ending in June 2008.[35] It determined it needed to restate earnings, and was given a de-listing notice by NASDAQ for filing late reports from 2006 through 2007.[36] Business slowed in the Great Recession.The company announced a loss on reduced revenues, reducing its workforce by 17% in December 2008.[37]
In November 2009, Technology Resource Holdings offered to acquire the company for about $200 million, but a group of shareholders thought it was undervalued.[38] Starting in February 2010, private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management and public company Microchip Technology both made offers to acquire SST.[39][40] In April 2010, Microchip completed the acquisition for about $292 million.[41][42] Microchip sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems (founded by Yeh) in May of that year.[43]

SMSC
Atmel
Micrel
ISSC Technologies Corporation
Supertex
EqcoLogic Inc.

Acquisitions
References[edit]


^ *[1]
^ a b "2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). [2]
^ "General Instrument Microelectronics Renamed". Archived from the original on 2004-12-13. 
^ "Microchip Investor Relations - FAQs". 
^ Quick, Darren. "nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers claim world’s lowest sleep current" gizmag April 30, 2009
^ Brian Santo (May 2009). "25 Microchips That Shook the World". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved 2012-04-01. 
^ "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. April 8, 2010. Retrieved 2016-02-22. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. 
^ Microchip Technology Delivers 10 Billionth PIC® Microcontroller
^ "Microchip Technology and SMSC announce the completion of the acquisition of SMSC by Microchip Technology" (PDF) (Press release). Retrieved 2012-08-29. 
^ Mark LaPedus, November 15, 2010 SMSC acquires Symwave, EE Times
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1256626
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1173085
^ "Microchip To Buy Atmel in Latest Semiconductor Deal". Fortune. January 20, 2016. 
^ Assis, Claudia. "Microchip Technology buys chip maker Atmel in $3.56 billion deal". MarketWatch. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ By. "Microchip To Acquire Atmel for $3.56 Billion". Hackaday. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-01-19). "Microchip Technology to Buy Atmel for Nearly $3.6 Billion". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Whole Program C Compiler Optimizes Across Modules
^ Omniscient Code Generation - A whole-program compilation technology for superior code density and performance
^ http://www.search.asic.gov.au/cgi-bin/gns030c?acn=002_724_549&juris=9&hdtext=ACN&srchsrc=1
^ HI-TECH Customer Letter
^ The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine saved a copy of the compiler, available here and a installing turorial is available here.
^ Christensen, Clayton M. (1997). The innovator's dilemma: when new technologies cause great firms to fail. Boston, Mass.: Harvard Business School Press. p. 50. ISBN 978-0-87584-585-2. 
^ "SST Reports Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results". Press release. Silicon Storage Technology. July 28, 2009. Archived from the original on August 8, 2009. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage Technology". StorageSearch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-04. 
^ Saxenian, AnnaLee (1999). Silicon Valley's new immigrant entrepreneurs. San Francisco: Public Policy Institute of California. p. 92. ISBN 978-1-58213-009-5. 
^ "Pioneers of the Digital Revolution". Goldsea Asian American Daily. 2006. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Annual report for the Year ending December 31, 1996". Form 10K. US Securities and Exchange Commission. March 27, 1997. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ H. Guan, D. Lee, and G. P. Lee (March 2003). "An analytical model for optimization of programming efficiency and uniformity of split gate source-side injection SuperFlash memory". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 50 (3): 809–815. doi:10.1109/TED.2003.811416. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Xian Liu, V. Markov, A. Kotov, Tho Ngoc Dang, A. Levi, I. Yue, A. Wang, and R. Qian (October 2006). "Endurance Characteristics of SuperFlash Memory". 8th International Conference on Solid-State and Integrated Circuit Technology: 763–765. doi:10.1109/ICSICT.2006.306479. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "Chips are up for Acer: Deal with SST to bring welcome cash boost". The Register. January 14, 1999. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mike Magee (May 14, 1999). "Intel and Silicon Storage settle lawsuit: A mediator has mediated". The Register. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b "SST 2004 Annual Report" (PDF). SST. April 22, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on August 1, 2012. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Nancy Gohring (August 21, 2006). "SST, TSMC to jointly develop 90nm SuperFlash: Companies plan to be the first on the market with licensable 90nm embedded flash technology". Info World. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST back in Nasdaq compliance, SEC investigation ends". San Jose Business Journal. July 7, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST gets Nasdaq warning over late financials". San Jose Business Journal. August 17, 2007. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage lowers outlook, cuts jobs". San Jose Business Journal. December 17, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mary Duan (January 5, 2010). "Shareholder group fights SSTI acquisition". San Jose Business Journal. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Raises Bid for Silicon Storage". New York Times Deal Book. March 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Andrew Johnson (March 9, 2010). "Microchip ups bid for tech company". The Arizona Republic. 
^ Mark LaPedus (April 8, 2010). "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Sews Up Silicon Storage Deal". New York Times Deal Book. April 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official Microchip Technology Inc. website
Official Microchip IC wiki



Business data for Microchip Technology: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Microchip Technology



Products



PIC and dsPIC

Instruction set
PIC16x84


KeeLoq
MiWi





Development tools



MPLAB
ICD & REAL ICE
PICkit
ICSP





Third Party



PICAXE
OOPic
Maximite
Parallax SX
Flowcode
IOIO












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx








Companies portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Microchip_Technology&oldid=790199683"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQMicrochip Technology hardwareSemiconductor companiesElectronics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Chandler, ArizonaComputer companies established in 1989Electronics companies established in 1989Science and technology in ArizonaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterArticles needing additional references from July 2013All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDeutschEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 06:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microchip Technology - Wikipedia






















 






Microchip Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Microchip Technology





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: MCHP
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Semiconductors


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Chandler, Arizona,
United States



Key people

Steve Sanghi, Chairman & CEO
J. Eric Bjornholt, CFO
Ganesh Moorthy, President & COO


Products
Microcontrollers
Serial EEPROMs
Serial SRAM
Analog ICs


Revenue
$2.173 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

10,000+ (2016) <>[2]


Website
www.microchip.com






A 1988 vintage Microchip PIC16CR54 with the Apple Desktop Bus protocol pre-programmed, before they became an independent company, as used in a Macintosh SE.


Microchip Technology is an American manufacturer of microcontroller, memory and analog semiconductors. Its products include microcontrollers (PICmicro, dsPIC / PIC24, PIC32, AVR, AVR32 and SAM), Serial EEPROM devices, Serial SRAM devices, KEELOQ devices, radio frequency (RF) devices, thermal, power and battery management analog devices, as well as linear, interface and mixed signal devices. Some of the interface devices include USB, ZigBee/MiWi, Controller Area Network, LoRa, SIGFOX and Ethernet.
Corporate headquarters is located at Chandler, Arizona with wafer fabs in Tempe, Arizona, Gresham, Oregon and Colorado Springs, Colorado, assembly/test facilities in Chachoengsao, Thailand. Sales for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2016 were $2,173,334,000.[2]
Among its chief competitors are Analog Devices, Infineon, Maxim Integrated Products, NXP Semiconductors (previously Philips and purchased Freescale), Renesas Electronics, STMicroelectronics, and Texas Instruments.



Contents


1 History
2 Products

2.1 Microcontrollers
2.2 Integrated circuits


3 Acquisitions

3.1 HI-TECH Software
3.2 Silicon Storage Technology


4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Microchip Technology was founded in 1987 when General Instrument spun off its microelectronics division as a wholly owned subsidiary.[3] Microchip Technology became an independent company in 1989 when it was acquired by a group of venture capitalists, and went public in 1993.[4]
In April 2009, Microchip Technology announced the nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers (With World’s Lowest Sleep Current).[5] Microchip Technology had sold more than 6 billion microcontrollers as of 2009.[6]
In April 2010, Microchip acquired Silicon Storage Technology (SST),[7] and sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems in May that year.[8]
As of 2011, Microchip Technology ships over a billion processors every year. In September 2011, Microchip Technology shipped the 10 billionth PIC microcontroller.[9]
In August 2012, Microchip acquired Standard Microsystems Corporation (SMSC).[10] Among SMSC's assets were those it had previously acquired from Symwave, a start-up that specialized in USB 3.0 chips, and two hi-fi wireless audio companies — Kleer Semiconductor and Wireless Audio IP BV.[11][12][13]
In January 2016, Microchip agreed to buy Atmel for $3.56 billion.[14][15][16] JPMorgan Chase advised Microchip while Qatalyst Partners advised Atmel.[17]
Products[edit]
Microchip develops a wide range of microcontrollers and integrated circuits (ICs), for the hobbyist and professional markets.
Microcontrollers[edit]
Microchip is widely known for their line of PIC microcontrollers, and their MCU-related product line includes:

PIC microcontrollers

8-bit MCUs - PIC10, PIC12, PIC16, PIC18
16-bit MCUs - PIC24, dsPIC
32-bit MCUs - PIC32MX, PIC32MZ
Legacy Intel MCS-51 MCUs
KEELOQ MCUs for security applications
rfPIC MCUs for wireless sensor applications


AVR Microcontrollers
SAM ARM-based Microntrollers and Microprocessors
Computer software

MPLAB IDE
MPLAB Xpress
C and C++ compilers for PIC/dsPIC MCUs
Code libraries for PIC/dsPIC MCUs


Development hardware

MPLAB series (debuggers & programmers for professionals)
PICkit series (programmers for hobbyists and students)



Integrated circuits[edit]
The Microchip product line of integrated circuits include:

Memory storage devices

Serial EEPROM chips
Serial SRAM chips
Serial Flash chips
Parallel Flash chips


Interface devices

USB controllers
ZigBee/MiWi controllers
CAN/LIN controllers
Ethernet controllers


Power management devices

Battery charge controllers (Li-Ion, NiMH, Multi-Chemistry)
Power MOSFETs
Voltage regulators


Motor drivers

PWM-based controllers
DC motor controllers
BLDC motor controllers


Touch sensing

mTouch (capacitive sensor technology)
RightTouch (turn-key capacitive sensor technology)
GestIC (3D Tracking and gesture detection technology)
Haptics (Eccentric Rotating Mass (ERM) actuators)


Ultrasound devices

Ultrasound switches
Ultrasound transmitters



Acquisitions[edit]
HI-TECH Software[edit]
HI-TECH Software was an Australian-based company that provides ANSI C compilers and development tools. Founded in 1984, the company is best known for its HI-TECH C PRO compilers with whole-program compilation technology, or Omniscient Code Generation (OCG).[18][19] HI-TECH Software was bought by Microchip on 20 February 2009,[20] whereupon it refocused its development effort exclusively on supporting Microchip products.[21]
Supported manufacturers and architectures :

Microchip PIC10, PIC12, PIC14, PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, PIC32 and dsPIC
Cypress PSoC's
Silicon Laboratories MCUs
8051 MCUs
Z80 for CP/M[22] and Z80 cross compiler.

Silicon Storage Technology[edit]




EPROM 28EE011 made by SST


Silicon Storage Technology, Inc. (SST) was a Sunnyvale, California, United States, technology company producing non-volatile memory devices and related products.[23][24] SST supplied NOR flash and other integrated circuits for high-volume applications.[25]
Bing Yeh co-founded SST in August 1989, and served as its chief executive.[26]
At the 1992 Fall COMDEX trade show, SST introduced the first single-board 30 MB 2.5” solid-state drive with standard hard-disk ATA interface and a 5 MB PC Card memory card with built-in controller and firmware.[27]
In 1993, SST moved its headquarters to Sunnyvale. That same year, SST introduced its first SuperFlash technology products, with lower costs and faster write speeds. By the end of 1995, more than 90% of the PC motherboards produced in Taiwan had adopted SST's 1 Mbit SuperFlash EEPROM product for the BIOS storage.[citation needed] The company had its initial public offering November 21, 1995, trading on the NASDAQ market under the symbol SSTI.[28] Analytical models of SuperFlash were published.[29][30] A five-year licensing agreement was announced in January 1999 with Acer Inc..[31] A 1997 lawsuit filed by Intel was settled in May 1999 after mediation.[32]
In 2004, SST began to diversify beyond flash memory products, targeting consumer and industrial products with embedded solid-state data storage and RF wireless communication.[33] In September 2004 SST purchased a majority stake in Emosyn, which designed products for SIM cards. In October it announced the acquisition of G-Plus, based in Santa Monica, California.[33]
In 2006, SST announced a joint development agreement with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) to develop 90 nm SuperFlash technology.[34]
SST had its stock option grant practices investigated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, ending in June 2008.[35] It determined it needed to restate earnings, and was given a de-listing notice by NASDAQ for filing late reports from 2006 through 2007.[36] Business slowed in the Great Recession.The company announced a loss on reduced revenues, reducing its workforce by 17% in December 2008.[37]
In November 2009, Technology Resource Holdings offered to acquire the company for about $200 million, but a group of shareholders thought it was undervalued.[38] Starting in February 2010, private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management and public company Microchip Technology both made offers to acquire SST.[39][40] In April 2010, Microchip completed the acquisition for about $292 million.[41][42] Microchip sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems (founded by Yeh) in May of that year.[43]

SMSC
Atmel
Micrel
ISSC Technologies Corporation
Supertex
EqcoLogic Inc.

Acquisitions
References[edit]


^ *[1]
^ a b "2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). [2]
^ "General Instrument Microelectronics Renamed". Archived from the original on 2004-12-13. 
^ "Microchip Investor Relations - FAQs". 
^ Quick, Darren. "nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers claim world’s lowest sleep current" gizmag April 30, 2009
^ Brian Santo (May 2009). "25 Microchips That Shook the World". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved 2012-04-01. 
^ "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. April 8, 2010. Retrieved 2016-02-22. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. 
^ Microchip Technology Delivers 10 Billionth PIC® Microcontroller
^ "Microchip Technology and SMSC announce the completion of the acquisition of SMSC by Microchip Technology" (PDF) (Press release). Retrieved 2012-08-29. 
^ Mark LaPedus, November 15, 2010 SMSC acquires Symwave, EE Times
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1256626
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1173085
^ "Microchip To Buy Atmel in Latest Semiconductor Deal". Fortune. January 20, 2016. 
^ Assis, Claudia. "Microchip Technology buys chip maker Atmel in $3.56 billion deal". MarketWatch. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ By. "Microchip To Acquire Atmel for $3.56 Billion". Hackaday. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-01-19). "Microchip Technology to Buy Atmel for Nearly $3.6 Billion". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Whole Program C Compiler Optimizes Across Modules
^ Omniscient Code Generation - A whole-program compilation technology for superior code density and performance
^ http://www.search.asic.gov.au/cgi-bin/gns030c?acn=002_724_549&juris=9&hdtext=ACN&srchsrc=1
^ HI-TECH Customer Letter
^ The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine saved a copy of the compiler, available here and a installing turorial is available here.
^ Christensen, Clayton M. (1997). The innovator's dilemma: when new technologies cause great firms to fail. Boston, Mass.: Harvard Business School Press. p. 50. ISBN 978-0-87584-585-2. 
^ "SST Reports Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results". Press release. Silicon Storage Technology. July 28, 2009. Archived from the original on August 8, 2009. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage Technology". StorageSearch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-04. 
^ Saxenian, AnnaLee (1999). Silicon Valley's new immigrant entrepreneurs. San Francisco: Public Policy Institute of California. p. 92. ISBN 978-1-58213-009-5. 
^ "Pioneers of the Digital Revolution". Goldsea Asian American Daily. 2006. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Annual report for the Year ending December 31, 1996". Form 10K. US Securities and Exchange Commission. March 27, 1997. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ H. Guan, D. Lee, and G. P. Lee (March 2003). "An analytical model for optimization of programming efficiency and uniformity of split gate source-side injection SuperFlash memory". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 50 (3): 809–815. doi:10.1109/TED.2003.811416. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Xian Liu, V. Markov, A. Kotov, Tho Ngoc Dang, A. Levi, I. Yue, A. Wang, and R. Qian (October 2006). "Endurance Characteristics of SuperFlash Memory". 8th International Conference on Solid-State and Integrated Circuit Technology: 763–765. doi:10.1109/ICSICT.2006.306479. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "Chips are up for Acer: Deal with SST to bring welcome cash boost". The Register. January 14, 1999. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mike Magee (May 14, 1999). "Intel and Silicon Storage settle lawsuit: A mediator has mediated". The Register. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b "SST 2004 Annual Report" (PDF). SST. April 22, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on August 1, 2012. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Nancy Gohring (August 21, 2006). "SST, TSMC to jointly develop 90nm SuperFlash: Companies plan to be the first on the market with licensable 90nm embedded flash technology". Info World. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST back in Nasdaq compliance, SEC investigation ends". San Jose Business Journal. July 7, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST gets Nasdaq warning over late financials". San Jose Business Journal. August 17, 2007. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage lowers outlook, cuts jobs". San Jose Business Journal. December 17, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mary Duan (January 5, 2010). "Shareholder group fights SSTI acquisition". San Jose Business Journal. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Raises Bid for Silicon Storage". New York Times Deal Book. March 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Andrew Johnson (March 9, 2010). "Microchip ups bid for tech company". The Arizona Republic. 
^ Mark LaPedus (April 8, 2010). "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Sews Up Silicon Storage Deal". New York Times Deal Book. April 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official Microchip Technology Inc. website
Official Microchip IC wiki



Business data for Microchip Technology: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Microchip Technology



Products



PIC and dsPIC

Instruction set
PIC16x84


KeeLoq
MiWi





Development tools



MPLAB
ICD & REAL ICE
PICkit
ICSP





Third Party



PICAXE
OOPic
Maximite
Parallax SX
Flowcode
IOIO












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx








Companies portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Microchip_Technology&oldid=790199683"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQMicrochip Technology hardwareSemiconductor companiesElectronics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Chandler, ArizonaComputer companies established in 1989Electronics companies established in 1989Science and technology in ArizonaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterArticles needing additional references from July 2013All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDeutschEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 06:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








	GigEpack - Technology | Ethernet | Microchip Technology Inc.




















































‹








Products
Applications
Design Support
Sample and Buy
About Us
Contact Us
myMicrochip Login







Microcontrollers and Microprocessors 

8-bit MCUs 
16-bit MCUs 
32-bit MCUs 
32-bit MPUs 



Analog 


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview 
Operational Amplifiers 
Instrumentation Amplifiers 
Comparators 
PGA 
Power/Current Monitors 



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview 
Analog-to-Digital Converter 
Digital Potentiometers 
Digital-to-Analog Converters 
Power and Energy Measurement 
F/V and V/F Converters 
Power/Current Sensors 
Voltage References 



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview 
MOSFETs – Interface 
Driver Arrays 
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers 
Application Specific 


Motor Drivers 

Power Management

Power Management Overview 
Voltage References 
Battery Management 
Charge Pumps 
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors 
LDO Regulators 
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers 
PWM Controllers 
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators 
Switching Regulators 
Voltage Detectors 
Power Modules 
Power Switches 
High Voltage Linear Regulators 



CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs 
Horn Driver ICs 



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview 
Local Temperature Sensors 
Remote Temperature Sensors 
Fan Controller ICs 
Thermocouple ICs 



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview 
Analog Multiplexers/Switches 
Beamformer Source Drivers 
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays 
Continuous Transmit Pulsers 
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters 
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs 
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers 





Clock and Timing 

Overview 
Clock Generation 
Oscillators 
Clock and Data Distribution 
Real-time Clock 



High-Speed Networking and Video 

Overview 
Ethernet 
ARCNET 
CoaXpress® 
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets 
Video Equalizers 
Video Transceivers 
Video Sub-Systems 
Clock and Data Recovery ICs 



Interface and Connectivity 

CoaXpress® 
CAN 
Infrared 
LIN 
Serial Peripherals 
USB 





Display and LED Drivers 

Display and LED Drivers Overview 
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers 
Automotive LED Drivers 
Backlight LED Drivers 
General-Purpose LED Drivers 
Linear Current Regulators 
Sequential Linear LED Drivers 
Camera Flash Drivers 



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O 

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview 
Desktop and Super I/O 
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers 
Expansion and Legacy I/O 



Programmable Logic 

SPLD/CPLD 
FPGA 
FPGA Configuration Memory 



Memory 

Serial EEPROM 
Serial EERAM 
Serial SRAM 
Serial Flash 
Parallel Flash 
Parallel EEPROM 
OTP EPROM 



Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 





Wireless 

Wireless Connectivity 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® Technology 
MiWi™ Protocol 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 
802.15.4 
Sigfox 
RF Identification 
IR Control 
Wireless Audio 



Smart Energy/Metering 

Overview 
Metering 
Power Line Communications 
Wireless Communications 



Rad Hard 

Overview 
Rad Hard ASICs 
Rad Hard Communication ICs 
Rad Hard FPGAs 
Rad Hard Memories 
Rad Hard Processors 
Rad Tolerant Devices 



Security ICs 

Security ICs Overview 

CryptoAuthentication

Overview 
Geting Started 
SHA Based 
ECC Based 
ECC-AWS IoT Based 
AES Based 



Trusted Platform Module

Overview 
TCG Version 1.2 



CryptoRF

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoRF 
CryptoRF Reader 



CryptoMemory

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V) 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V) 








Curiosity Development Board

Your next embedded design idea has a new home. Curiosity is a cost-effective, fully-integrated 8-bit development platform targeted at first-time users, makers and those seeking a feature-rich rapid prototyping board




MCP6V9X

This family of operational amplifiers provides input offset voltage correction for very low offset and offset drift, with a gain bandwidth product of 10 MHz.




DSC6000

The new DSC6000 family is the industry's smallest MEMS MHz oscillator with the lowest power consumption over full frequency range of 2 KHz to 100 MHz.




GigEpack Ethernet Products

 
Advanced design techniques ensure reliable operation under extreme conditions while stripping away complexity and advancing ease-of-use, the GigEpack provides three key elements: Certified Products, free drivers and copy-ready evaluation boards, and Microchip’s free LANCheck® design check service. Together, they ensure interoperability, rapid development and robust board design.
                                



UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement the revolutionary USB-C™ connector in practically any consumer, industrial or automotive application.




HV9805

The HV9805 features a PFC boost converter with valley/ZCD switching that reduces system cost by lessening the thermal and optical design requirements. The linear post-regular provides True DC lighting with no flickering and the configurable to SEPIC technology supports lower LED string voltage.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




SST26WF080B/040B

Manufactured with SuperFlash® technology that provides the industry's fastest erase times, the SST26WF080B (8 Mbit) and SST26WF040B (4 Mbit) are approximately 300 times faster than competitive devices.




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 Aerospace and Defense
 Audio and Speech

Automotive 

Automotive Solutions 
Automotive Connectivity 
Functional Safety 


 Battery Management
 CAN
 Computing

Displays 

Graphical Displays 
Segmented LCD 


 Embedded Security

Ethernet 

Ethernet Overview 
Ethernet of Everything 
USB-to-Ethernet 
Ethernet Controllers 
Ethernet Switches 
Ethernet PHYs 
EtherCAT® 




 High Temperature
 Home Appliance
 Intelligent Power
 Internet of Things
 Lighting
 Low Power
 LIN
 Medical

Metering 

Metering Overview 
Electric Meter 
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters 
Power Monitoring 




 Motor Control and Drive
 Power Monitoring
 Smart Energy/Metering
 Smartphone Accessories

Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - automotive and industrial touch screens 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



USB 

USB Overview 
USB Hubs and Devices 
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs 


 Wireless Audio

Wireless Connectivity 

Wireless Connectivity Overview 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® 
MiWi™ 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 






Lower Power High Performance ADC

Microchip is committed to providing military grade products for integration into present and future aerospace and defense sector programs. Our complete portfolio of microcontrollers, power, analog, digital, memory, RF, mixed-signal and interface




PIC32 Bluetooth Audio Development Kit (DV320032)

This kit delivers the hardware and software needed to develop digital audio docking applications with USB or Bluetooth connectivity. Preloaded demo code enables audio streaming via USB or Bluetooth.




OS82150

The OS82150 integrates a coaxial cable driver and coaxial receiver, extending the usage of coaxial cabling to enable powerful automotive infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




MCP73871 Fully Integrated Linear Solution

The MCP73871 device is a 1A fully integrated linear solution for system load sharing and Li-Ion / Li-Polymer battery charge management with AC-DC wall adapter and USB port power sources selection. It's also capable of autonomous power source selection between input or battery.




CAN FD Transceiver Family

The CAN Flexible Data Rate (CAN FD) Transceiver family helps CAN systems meet the physical layer requirement for CAN FD systems, and is one of only a few CAN FD transceivers approved by auto OEMs.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




TC7106A

The TC7106A 3½ digit LCD direct-display drive analog-to-digital converters allow existing TC7106-based systems to be upgraded. Each device has a precision reference with a 20ppm/°C max temperature coefficient. This represents a 4-7 times improvement over similar 3½ digit converters.




PIC24FJ128GB204

The new PIC24F "GB4" family expands Microchip's eXtreme Low Power portfolio and includes an integrated hardware crypto engine with both OTP and Key RAM options for secure key storage, up to 256 KB of Flash memory and a direct drive for segmented LCD displays, in 64-, 100- or 121-pin packages.




LAN9352/LAN9352i

The LAN9352/LAN9352i is a high-performance, small-footprint, full-featured 2-port managed Ethernet switch and is application-optimized for consumer, embedded and Industrial designs.




MCP2561/2 FD

This is a second generation high-speed CAN transceiver that guarantees Loop Delay Symmetry in order to support higher data rates required for CAN FD. Maximum propagation delay was improved to support longer bus length. The device meets the automotive requirements for CAN FD bit rates exceeding 5 Mbps.




Class B Safety Software Library

Microchip has developed a library of low-level software routines and hardware peripherals that simplify meeting IEC 60730 requirements for Class B Safety. Each product family (PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, dsPIC® DSC and PIC32) has functions specifically designed to work efficiently with the available resources.




dsPIC33EP "GS" Family for Digtal Power Applications

This family delivers the performance needed to implement more sophisticated non-linear, predictive & adaptive control algorithms at higher switching frequencies. These advanced algorithms enable power supply designs that are more energy efficient & have better power supply specifications.




WCM and ECM Development Kits

Microchip's WCM (Wi-Fi® Client Module) and ECM (Ethernet Client Module) development kits are designed to enable you to quickly and easily connect an embedded system to a cloud-based server, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). This will reduce the learning curve and help you get connected to the cloud quickly.




Smart Lights are Better Lights

Microchip's PIC® microcontrollers with intelligent analog integration like the PIC16F176X family make it possible to get advanced features such as digital control to smooth dimming, as well as color temperature tuning, usage-based lifetime prediction and networked communication for monitoring and control.




PIC24FJ256GB412

PIC24F 16-bit microcontroller featuring integrated Hardware Crypto module and eXtreme Low Power. This family also includes 256 KB Flash, 16 KB RAM, USB, LCD and advanced peripherals. The combination of features makes the part ideally suited for low-power embedded security applications.




OS82150

The OS82150 extends the usage of coaxial cabling to powerful infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




Is Your Medical Device Design Secured?

Is your medical device design truly secured? Microchip's full line of security products, including MCUs, wireless products and software libraries, can secure your medical device designs from the ground up.




MCP39F511

The MCP39F511 is a highly integrated, single-phase power-monitoring IC designed for real-time measurement of input power for AC/DC power supplies, providing power and energy values. It includes dual-channel delta sigma ADCs, a 16-bit calculation engine, EEPROM and a flexible 2-wire interface.




MCP8026

This is a 3-Phase brushless gate driver with power module & 5 µA (typ) sleep-mode current. It integrates three half-bridge drivers to drive external NMOS/NMOS transistor pairs configured to drive a 3-phase BLDC motor, a comparator, a voltage regulator to provide bias to a companion microcontroller & power monitoring comparators.




dsPIC33EP32MC202

The dsPIC33E family of digital signal controllers (DSCs) features a 70 MIPS dsPIC® DSC core with integrated DSP and enhanced on-chip peripherals. These DSCs enable the design of high-performance, precision motor control systems that are more energy efficient, quieter in operation.




Single-Burner Induction Cooktop Reference Design

This cost-effective single-burner induction cooktop reference design is a fully functional single-burner unit that achieves greater than 90%* efficiency and consumes less than 0.5W power during standby. The user interface implements mTouch® sensing solutions.




Smartphone Accessory

New accessories are emerging in sports/fitness, wellness, financial transactions markets. Microchip's accessory development kits make it easy to development your accessory products with fast time-to-market!




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement USB-C in practically any application, whether consumer, industrial, or automotive.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 New to Microchip?

Development Tools 

Development Tools Overview 
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards 

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions 
MPLAB® X IDE 
MPLAB® XC Compilers 
MPLAB® Code Configurator 
MPLAB® Xpress 
MPLAB® Harmony 
Microchip Libraries for Applications 
Software Libraries 
Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators 
Emulation Extention Paks 
Programmers 



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE 
Data Visualizer 
Compilers 
Atmel START 
MCU Software Library 
Atmel Gallery 



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers 
Programmers 



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols 
SPICE Models 
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator 
MindiSWLib 
IBIS Models 
Clockworks® Configurator 
BSDL 


Third-Party Development Tools 



Documentation 

Application Notes 
Data Sheets 
Erratas 
Packaging Specifications 
Programming Specifications 
Reference Manuals 
User Guides 
Product Briefs 
Migration Documents 



Training 

Training Overview 
Developer Help Wiki 
Webinars 
Microchip Videos 
MASTERs Conference 
Technical Training Center 




 Forums
 Design Partner Network
 Product Change Notification

Quality and Reliability 

Quality 
Reliability 




 Technical Support

Software 

Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 


 Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks




Need Help?

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.




PICKIT™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer

Microchip's PICkit™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer uses in-circuit debugging logic incorporated into each chip with Flash memory to provide a low-cost hardware debugger and programmer. In-circuit debugging offers low cost, minimum additional debug hardware and no expensive sockets or adapters




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Conferences, Tradeshows and Events

Microchip attends conferences and events around the world, visit our events page to see where we will be exhibiting next.




Microchip in the Press

View our latest announcements on products, corporate news and investor press announcements.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or about content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.







 Global Sales and Distribution
 microchipDIRECT
 Samples


 Programming Center
 Samples FAQ
 Sales Support


 Find Your Sales Office
 Getting Started With Microchip Products




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

Published six times a year, MicroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information to give you a competitive edge and help you meet your design goals. In each issue, you'll get an update on our new products and development tools, find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used by developers of a variety of applications.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.








Company Information 

About 
Corporate Overview 
Acquisitions 
Notice of Fraudulent Behavior 



Leadership 

Leadership Overview 
Board of Directors 
Appointed Officers 


 Investor Relations

Careers 

Careers Overview 
Microchip's Culture 
US Benefits 
Meet Your Recruiter 
Career Ladder 
Hiring Process 
Employee Testimonials 





Media Center 

Press Releases 
RSS Feeds 
Microchip Videos 


 MicroSolutions Digital Magazine
 Tradeshows and Events
 Academic Program



Corporate Responsibility 

Corporate Responsibility Overview 
Ethics and Conduct 
Sustainability 
Conflict Minerals 
Environment 
Community 
Products 
Customers 
Employees 
Environmental Health and Safety 



Legal Information 

Legal Information Overview 
General Product Legal Information 
Microchip Trademarks 
Microchip Patents 
Website Usage and Limitation of Liability 
Microchip Terms and Conditions of Sale 
Privacy Policy 
Copyrighted Material 
Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyrighted Infringement 


 Export Control Data
 Contact Us


























Ethernet


Home


Ethernet Devices


Overview


Technology


Overview


Quiet-WIRE®


Overview


KSZ8061


KSZ8567




EtherGREEN™


EtherSynch®


Ultra-Deep Sleep


LinkMD®+


GigEpack




Applications


Automotive


Industrial


Overview


Factory Automation


Smart Grid


Building Control


Transportation




Automation, Access, Security


Overview


IP Camera


DVR & NVR


Home Automation




Consumer


Overview


IP Set-Top Box


STB/OTT Media Player


Broadband Gateway


4G/LTE Gateway






Products


Overview


USB to Ethernet


Ethernet Controllers


Ethernet Switches


Ethernet PHYs


EtherCAT






Ethernet PIC® MCUs and MPUs


Overview


FAQs




Ethernet of Everything


Ethernet of Everything Overview


Firmware


Development Environment





Resources

Training
Data Sheets
Support
Sales
Product Change Notification








Advanced Gigabit Ethernet Now Fully Accessible with Microchip’s New Portfolio of Products

The GigEpack is a complete portfolio of 59 Gigabit Ethernet chips featuring advanced capabilities.  Included are the Robust and Reliable GigE PHY, Industry's first Automotive USB3.1 Gen1 to GigE Bridge, and Industry's first Ultra-high reliablity (HSR/DLR) GigE Switches








Three keys to success

UNH-IOL tested products
Drivers for all major operating systems (3rd party tested) running on copy-ready evaluation boards
LANCheck® Design Check Service ensure best design practices applied

All products available in Commercial, Industrial temperature grades, with select products in Automotive grade



GigE PHY

KSZ9031
10/100/1000 Speeds 
Integrated Regulator
Industrial/Automotive Temps





GigE Bridge

LAN7800/50/01
USB3.1 Gen1 5Mbps to 1Gigabit Ethernet
USB and HSIC Interfaces
Output to RGMII or GigE PHY
Industrial/Automotive Temps





GigE Switch

KSZ9897/9567/9477
7-Ports
SGMII Supports Copper and Fiber
HSR/DLR Network Redundancy
IEEE 1588 v2
802.1X Per Port Authentication and Access Control Lists
Industrial/Automotive Temps















Tabs / GigEpack




                        Products
                  











Device
Description 


KSZ9031
Gigabit Ethernet PHY 


KSZ9477/9567/9897 
Gigabit Ethernet Switches 


LAN7800
USB3.1 Gen 1 to Gigabit Ethernet Bridge 



LAN7801
USB3.1 Gen1 5Gb/s to RGMII Bridge


LAN7850
USB2.0 to Gigabit Ethernet Bridge

















Ethernet Video Channel

12



























	Microchip Technology Distributor | Mouser 






























Contact Mouser (USA)  (800) 346-6873Contact Us
wtveewsscwzbbbcfdzyf
    |    
Feedback





Cart


|   
Change Location

English
Español
                    USD                







 


 United States


Please confirm your currency selection:












Cart Summary


Cart Contains Scheduled Items










Mfr.
Mfr. #:
Qty
Ext Total


















Mfr. Part #





Mfr.:
Description:

Qty:








Cart Summary


* Your cart contains errors.

View Cart













Outstanding balance which reflects all unpaid changes due at this time per your selected payment method.












Continue Shopping
View Cart



* Your cart contains errors.




 Do not show again and take me directly to the Cart. 



















Log In


Create Account
Order History
Subscription



 


Part # / Keyword





                                            All 



All
Capacitors
Circuit Protection
Computing
Connectors
Diodes & Rectifiers
Embedded Processors & Controllers
Embedded Solutions
EMI/RFI Components
Enclosures
Engineering Development Tools
Frequency Control & Timing Devices
Inductors
Industrial Automation
Integrated Circuits - ICs
Memory
Microcontrollers - MCU
Optoelectronics
Potentiometers
Power
Relays
Resistors
Semiconductors
Sensors
Switches
Test & Measurement
Thermal Management
Thermistors
Tools & Supplies
Transformers
Transistors
Varistors
Wire & Cable










 Stocked   
                                 RoHS Compliant

 








Products


ALL PRODUCTS


Newest Products


New Products by Category


New Technologies




Manufacturers


ALL MANUFACTURERS A-Z


New Manufacturers


Manufacturers by Product Category


Download Excel Linecard




Applications


Mouser Blog


Audio


Automotive


Industrial


Internet of Things


Lighting


Open Source Hardware


RF Wireless


Sensor Technology


USB Technology


MORE APPLICATIONS




Services & Tools


Log In / Create Account


EZ Buy Tool


Project Manager


BOM Tool


Part List Importer


Search Accelerator


Request a Quote


Email Subscription


Mouser Blog


Inventory Management


MORE SERVICES & TOOLS




Catalog


Help


About Mouser


Contact Us


Feedback


FAQs


MORE HELP TOPICS






























Home

>
All Manufacturers

>
Microchip Technology

    








Search for Microchip Technology Parts



















                            About
                        



                            Product Line
                        



                            Featured Products
                        



                            Resources & Support
                        



                            Videos
                        



                            Applications
                        



                            Shaping Smarter Cities
                        



NEWEST Products

                 Newest Products by Microchip Technology
             


All Products
Browse all products by Microchip Technology









Microchip TechnologyMicrochip Technology Inc. is a leading provider of microcontroller, mixed-signal, analog and Flash-IP solutions, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality.

Microchip Technology Inc. has acquired Atmel.Microchip Technology Inc. has acquired Micrel.






MTD6508 Motor Driver
3-phase, full-wave, sensorless, BLDC Motor Driver featuring a 180° sinusoidal drive.






MCP6411 1MHz Operational Amplifiers
General purpose Op Amps with integrated EMI Protection and a rail-to-rail input/output over the 1.7 to 5.5V operating range.






MA320021 PIC32MX254F256 PIM for Explorer 16
Can be used with the various Microchip Development Boards to evaluate various MCU families.






DM990012 SecureIoT1702 Demo Board
Used for development and evaluation of the CEC1702 controller.





































QUICK EMAIL SIGNUP


Subscribe

































MOUSER ELECTRONICS®



                                    1000 North Main StreetMansfield, TX 76063USA

                                    (800) 346-6873
                                




COMPANY


About Us


Educational Sales


Press Room


Careers @ Mouser


Quality


Environmental




QUICK LINKS


Mouser Blog


Newest Products


New Products


New Technologies




SUPPORT


Feedback


Help


Contact Us


Browser Support


Cookie Policy










VIEW MOBILE
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy
                          |  
                        Terms and Conditions




                        Mouser® and Mouser Electronics® are trademarks of Mouser Electronics, Inc.
                        All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
                        Corporate headquarters and logistics center in Mansfield, Texas USA.
                        



                        Copyright ©2017 Mouser Electronics, Inc. - A TTI and Berkshire Hathaway company.
                        






































	Supplier Line Card | Mouser 






























Contact Mouser (USA)  (800) 346-6873Contact Us
wtveewsscwzbbbcfdzyf
    |    
Feedback





Cart


|   
Change Location

English
Español
                    USD                







 


 United States


Please confirm your currency selection:












Cart Summary


Cart Contains Scheduled Items










Mfr.
Mfr. #:
Qty
Ext Total


















Mfr. Part #





Mfr.:
Description:

Qty:








Cart Summary


* Your cart contains errors.

View Cart













Outstanding balance which reflects all unpaid changes due at this time per your selected payment method.












Continue Shopping
View Cart



* Your cart contains errors.




 Do not show again and take me directly to the Cart. 



















Log In


Create Account
Order History
Subscription



 


Part # / Keyword





                                            All 



All
Capacitors
Circuit Protection
Computing
Connectors
Diodes & Rectifiers
Embedded Processors & Controllers
Embedded Solutions
EMI/RFI Components
Enclosures
Engineering Development Tools
Frequency Control & Timing Devices
Inductors
Industrial Automation
Integrated Circuits - ICs
Memory
Microcontrollers - MCU
Optoelectronics
Potentiometers
Power
Relays
Resistors
Semiconductors
Sensors
Switches
Test & Measurement
Thermal Management
Thermistors
Tools & Supplies
Transformers
Transistors
Varistors
Wire & Cable










 Stocked   
                                 RoHS Compliant

 








Products


ALL PRODUCTS


Newest Products


New Products by Category


New Technologies




Manufacturers


ALL MANUFACTURERS A-Z


New Manufacturers


Manufacturers by Product Category


Download Excel Linecard




Applications


Mouser Blog


Audio


Automotive


Industrial


Internet of Things


Lighting


Open Source Hardware


RF Wireless


Sensor Technology


USB Technology


MORE APPLICATIONS




Services & Tools


Log In / Create Account


EZ Buy Tool


Project Manager


BOM Tool


Part List Importer


Search Accelerator


Request a Quote


Email Subscription


Mouser Blog


Inventory Management


MORE SERVICES & TOOLS




Catalog


Help


About Mouser


Contact Us


Feedback


FAQs


MORE HELP TOPICS





























Home > All Manufacturers


ALL MANUFACTURERS A-Z





Export To Excel

Manufacturers by Product Category   |   New Manufacturers






#




A




B




C




D




E




F




G




H




I




J




K




L




M




N




O




P




Q




R




S




T




U




V




W




X




Y




Z












#







3M



4D Systems










A







AAEON UP



Alpha (Taiwan)



Apex Tool Group





Aavid Thermalloy



Alpha Wire



API Delevan





AB Connectors / TT Electronics



ALPS Electric



API Technologies





Abracon



Altech



APM HEXSEAL





ACKme Networks / Zentri



Altera / Intel



Applied Motion





Actel



American Power Conversion



Arbor Technology





Active-Semi



American Technical Ceramics (ATC)



ARCOL / Ohmite





Adafruit



Ametherm



Arcotronics / KEMET





Adaptive Interconnect Electronics, Inc. (AIE)



AMI Semiconductor / ON Semiconductor



Arduino





Adesto Technologies



AMP Connectors / TE Connectivity



Aries Electronics





ADI (Analog Devices Inc.)



Amphenol



Aromat





ADI Engineering



Amphenol FCI



Artesyn Embedded Technologies





ADLINK Technology



Amphenol Nexus Technologies



ARTIK / Samsung





Advanced Analogic Technologies



Amprobe



ASI Semiconductor





Advanced Linear Devices



ams



Astec Power





Advanced Semiconductor, Inc.



AMSECO / Potter



ATC (American Technical Ceramics)





Advanced Sensors / Amphenol



Amulet Technologies



Atmel / Microchip





Advanced Thermal Solutions



Anachip



Atollic Inc.





Advantech



Analog Devices Inc.



Augat





Afero



AnalogicTech



Ault / SL Power





Agastat / TE Connectivity



Anaren



austriamicrosystems





AIM (American Iron and Metal)



Anderson Power Products



Avago Technologies





AIM-Cambridge / Cinch Connectivity Solutions



Angstrohm / Vishay



Avery Dennison





AirBorn



Antenna Factor



AVX





Akustica



Antenova



Axicom / TE Connectivity





Alcoswitch / TE Connectivity



Apacer Technology Inc.



Axiomtek





All Sensors



APC by Schneider Electric



Azoteq





Alliance Memory



APEM



Aztronic / Vishay





Alorium Technology










B







B&K Precision



Beyschlag / Vishay



Bourns





B+B SmartWorx



BI Technologies / TT Electronics



BPS





BC Components / Vishay



Bias Power



Broadcom





BeagleBoard



BIVAR



Buchanan / TE Connectivity





BEI Sensors



Blackhawk



Bud Industries





Bel



Bluegiga Technologies



Bulgin





Bel Fuse



Bluetechnix



Burr-Brown / TI





Bel Power Solutions



Bomar Interconnect



BusBoard Prototype Systems





Belden Wire & Cable



Bosch



Bussmann / Eaton





Bellin Dynamic Systems



Boundary Devices



Byte Craft





Bergquist Company










C







C&D Technologies / Murata



Ciclon Semiconductor



Connex / Amphenol





C&K Components



CII / TE Connectivity



CONXALL





Caddock



Cinch / Bel



Cooper Bussmann / Eaton





Cadeka Microcircuits



Cincon



Cooper Tools





Califia Lighting



Cirronet / RFM



Corcom / TE Connectivity





California Eastern Labs



Cirrus Logic



Cornell Dubilier (CDE)





California Micro Devices / ON Semi



Citec / TE Connectivity



Cosel





Cambridge



Citizen



Coto Technology





Carclo Technical Plastics



Clarostat / Honeywell



Cree





Carling Technologies



CMD / ON Semiconductor



Critical Link





Casco / Amphenol



CMOSIS / ams



Crocus Technology





Catalyst / ON Semiconductor



Code Red Technologies



Crouzet





CCS



Coilcraft



Crouzet Solid State Relays / Crydom





CDE



Coiltronics / Eaton



Crydom





CEL



COMAX Switches



Crystal Semiconductor





Central / Vishay



Comchip Technology



Crystek Corporation





Central Semiconductor



Concept Technologie / Power Integrations



CSB





Cera-Mite / Vishay



Concord Semiconductor



CTS Electronic Components





Chemtronics



Condor / SL Power



CUI Inc





CHERRY



CONEC



CW Industries





Chicago Miniature



congatec



Cymbet





Chip Quik



Connect One



CyOptics





Chipcon



Connector City



Cypress Semiconductor










D







D3 Semiconductor



Delta Electronics



Digi International





Dale / Vishay



Deltron



Digilent





Dallas Semiconductor



DEM Manufacturing



Digital View





Data Instruments / Honeywell



Desco



Diode Laser Concepts





DATEL



Design Gateway



Diodes Incorporated





DAVE Embedded Systems



Deutsch Connectors



DIOO Microcircuits





Davies Molding



DFRobot



Displaytech Ltd.





DB Unlimited



Dialight



DLP Design





DBM Optix



Dialog Semiconductor



DMC Tools





Dell EMC OEM Solutions



Dielectric Laboratories / Knowles



Draloric / Vishay





Delphi










E







Eagle-Picher



Elmwood / Honeywell



Esico-Triton





EAO



Elna



Esquilo





EasySync



Elpac / Inventus Power



ESTA / Vishay





Eaton



Elprotronic Inc.



E-Switch





ebm-papst



Embedded Artists



E-T-A Circuit Breakers





Ecliptek



Emerson Connectivity Solutions



ETA-USA





ECS



Emerson Network Power



ETI Systems





EDAC



Energy Micro



Eupec / Infineon





EE Tools



Enpirion / Altera



Eurotech





EF Johnson



Enterpoint



Everlight





Elco / AVX



EPCOS / TDK



Everspin Technologies





Electro Corp / Honeywell



Epson



Evidence





Electro-Films (EFI) / Vishay



Ericsson Power Modules



Evox Rifa / KEMET





ELECTRONIC ASSEMBLY



ERNI Connectors



Exar





Electroswitch



ERP Power



Extech










F







Fairchild / ON Semiconductor



FCT Electronics



FlexiPanel





Fair-Rite



FDI (Future Designs, Inc)



FLIR Systems





Fan-S Division / Qualtek



Fenwal / Honeywell



Fluke





Fascomp



FerriShield / LeaderTech



Fox





Fastrax



Finisar Corporation



Freescale / NXP





Fastron



First Sensor



FTDI Chip





FCI / Amphenol



Flamar



Fujitsu





FCI Automotive (Delphi)



Flambeau



Future Designs, Inc. (FDI)










G







GaN Systems



GHI Electronics



Greenlee





GE Critical Power



Glenair



Greenliant





GE Energy (Formerly Lineage Power)



Global Specialties



GSI Technology





GE Measurement & Control



Gore



Guerrilla RF





General Semiconductor / Vishay



Gravitech



GWconnect





GeneSiC Semiconductor



Grayhill










H







HALO Electronics



Heatron



Hittite / Analog Devices





Hamlin / Littelfuse



Helicomm



Hobbs / Honeywell





Hammond Manufacturing



Heraeus Sensor Technology



Honeywell





Hantronix



Heyco



HUBER+SUHNER





HARTING



HiRel Systems / Vishay



Huntington / Vishay





Harvatek Technologies / Inolux



Hirose Electric



Hycal / Honeywell





Harwin



HI-TECH Software










I







IAR Systems



Industruino



InvenSense





iBASE Technology



Infineon Technologies



Inventus Power





ICCNexergy



Inolux



IPDiA





ICE Components



Inspired LED



IQD





IDI / Smiths Interconnect



Integrated Device Technology (IDT)



IRC / TT Electronics





IDT (Integrated Device Technology)



Intel



Iso-Tip





IEI Technology



Intel / Altera



ISSI





IET Labs



InterFET



ITT Cannon





Illinois Capacitor / CDE



International Power



ITW Switches





Illumitex



International Rectifier / Infineon



IXYS





Imagination Technologies



Intersil Corporation










J







JAE Electronics



Johanson Technology



JRC / NJR (New Japan Radio)





Jewell Modutec



Johnson / Cinch Connectivity Solutions



JST Automotive Connectors





JKL Components



Jonard Industries



JW Miller / Bourns





Johanson Dielectrics



JRC / NJR (New Japan Radio)










K







Kamaya



Kester



Knowles





Ka-Ro Electronics



Keterex



KOA Speer





Kavlico



Keystone Electronics



KOSTAL





Keil Tools



Kilovac / TE Connectivity



Kycon





Keithley



Kingbright



Kyocera





KEMET Electronics



Kionix / ROHM Semiconductor










L







Laird Technologies



Ledil



Low Power Radio Solutions (LPRS)





Lamb Industries



LedLink Optics



LPRS (Low Power Radio Solutions)





Lambda Power / TDK



LEMO



LS Research





Lamina



Leopard Imaging



LSI Corporation





Lantronix



Lineage Power / GE Critical Power



LTW / Amphenol





Lapis Semiconductor / ROHM Semiconductor



Linx Technologies



Lumex





Lattice Semiconductor



LiPPERT By ADLINK



Lumileds





LeaderTech



Lite-On



Luminary Micro





Lebow / Honeywell



Littelfuse



Luminus Devices





LeCroy



LMB / Heeger



Luxo Corporation





LED Engin



Lorlin










M







MACOM



Meggitt Electronic Components



Microtips Technology





Macraigor Systems



Melexis



Midcom / Wurth Electronics





Maestro Wireless Solutions



MEMSIC



Mide Technology





Magnecraft



Menda



Midwest Microwave / Cinch Connectivity Solutions





Mallory



Merit Sensor



MikroElektronika





Mallory Sonalert



Metcal



Mill-Max





Marquardt Switches Inc



Meterman



Mills / Vishay





Matrix Orbital



MG Chemicals



Milwaukee / Vishay





Maxim Integrated



Micrel / Microchip



MinnowBoard





MaxStream



Micrium



Mitsubishi Electric





Maxwell Technologies



Micro Commercial Components (MCC)



Molex





MCB Industrie / Vishay



Micro Crystal



Monolithic Power Systems (MPS)





MCC (Micro Commercial Components)



MICRO SWITCH / Honeywell



Mpression





mCube



Microchip Technology



MPS - Monolithic Power Systems





Mean Well



Micronas



MSI





Measurement Specialties / TE Connectivity



Micropelt



Mueller Electric





MEC Switches



Microsemi



Murata





MEDER electronic (Standex)










N







National Instruments



New Age Enclosures



NMB Technologies





National Semiconductor / TI



Newhaven Display



NorComp





NEC Relays



Nexperia



Nordic Semiconductor





NEC-TOKIN / KEMET



Nextreme Thermal Solutions



Noritake





NEI / Honeywell



NI



NOVACAP / Knowles





NetBurner



Nichicon



NovaSensor / GE M&C





Netduino



NJR (New Japan Radio)



Nurve Networks





NetPower Technologies



NKK Switches



NXP Semiconductors





Neutrik










O







Octavo Systems



Olmatic



Optrex / Kyocera





OEG / TE Connectivity



Omron



Opulent Americas





Ohmite



ON Semiconductor



Orion Fans





OK Industries / Jonard



Oplink



OSRAM Opto Semiconductors





Olimex Ltd.



Optek / TT Electronics



OTTO










P







Packard Electric / Delphi



Philips Semiconductors



Power Dynamics





PacTec



Phoenix Contact



Power Integrations





Panasonic



Phycomp / Yageo



Powercast





Panavise



Piher



Power-One





PandaBoard.org



Plato



Power-Sonic





Panduit



Plessey Semiconductors



PowerStor / Eaton





Parallax



Pletronics Inc.



Preci-Dip





Parallax Power



PLX Technology / Broadcom



Projects Unlimited





Particle



Polytech / Vishay



Protektive Pak





PCD / Amphenol



Pomona Electronics



PUI Audio





Pericom / Diodes Inc.



Potter & Brumfield / TE Connectivity



Pulse





Phihong



Potter / AMSECO



PulseCore Semiconductor (ON Semiconductor)





Philips Lumileds










Q







Q-Cee's / TE Connectivity



Qualcomm RF360



Quantum Research Group





Qorvo



Qualtek Electronics



Quatech / B&B Electronics





Qspeed Semiconductor










R







Rabbit Semiconductor



Rectron



RFM





Radiall



Red Pitaya



RFMD





Radiotronix



REDEL / LEMO



Ricoh Electronic Devices Company





RAF Electronic Hardware



Redpine Signals



RIoTboard





RAFI



ReFLEX CES



ROBOTIS





Ramtron



Renata



Roederstein / Vishay





Raspberry Pi



Renesas Electronics



ROHM Semiconductor





Raychem / TE Connectivity



RF Digital



Rosenberger





Raychem CP / Littelfuse



RF360 / Qualcomm



Roving Networks / Microchip





REAN Connectors



RFaxis / Skyworks Solutions Inc.



Rowley Associates





RECOM










S







Sagrad Inc.



Sfernice / Vishay



SparkFun





Samsung ARTIK



Sharks Cove



Spectra Symbol





SanDisk



Sharp Microelectronics



Spectra-Strip / Amphenol





Sanyo Denki



Shindengen



Spectrol / Vishay





Sanyo Semiconductor / ON Semiconductor



Signal Transformer / Bel



Spectrum Control





Sargent Tools



Signum Systems



Spectrum Digital





Schaffner



Silego Technology



Sprague / Vishay





SchmartBoard



Silex Technology



Sprague Goodman





Schneider Electric



Silicon Labs



SST





Schurter



Silicon Microstructures, Inc. (SMI)



Staco





SCS



Siliconix / Vishay



Standex





Seeed Studio



Silvertronic



Startco





SEGGER Microcontroller



Simpson Electric Company



STEC





Seiko Instruments



SINE Systems / Amphenol



steute





Seiko Instruments Micro Energy



SiTime



Stewart Connector / Bel





Seiko Printers



SkyeTek



STMicroelectronics





Seiko Semiconductors



Skyworks Solutions Inc.



Storm Interface





Semelab / TT Electronics



SL Power



Stratos / Cinch Connectivity Solutions





Semflex / Cinch Connectivity Solutions



Smartworx



Sumida





Semitec USA



SMI (Silicon Microstructures Inc.)



Sunbank





Semtech



Smiths Interconnect



Sunbrite





Sensata



SMSC



Supertex





Sensata Technologies



Sola / Hevi-Duty



Susumu





Sensirion



SolderCore



SV Microwave / Amphenol





Sensotec / Honeywell



SOMNIUM Technologies



Swissbit





Sensym / Honeywell



Song Chuan



Switchcraft





Seoul Semiconductor



Souriau



Syfer / Knowles





Serpac



Spansion / Cypress Semiconductor










T







Tadiran Batteries



Teledyne LeCroy



Toshiba





Taica



Teledyne Relays



TRACO Power





Taiwan Semiconductor



Telemecanique



TriAccess Technologies





Taiyo Yuden



Temp-Flex Cable, Inc.



Triad Magnetics





Tamura



Tempo Semiconductor



Tripp Lite





Taoglas



Terasic Technologies



TriQuint Semiconductor





TAOS / ams



Teridian Semiconductor



Tri-Star Electronics





TCS/Amphenol



Texas Instruments



Triune Systems





TDK Corporation



THAT Corporation



Trompeter / Cinch Connectivity Solutions





TDK-Lambda



Thermometrics / GE M&C



TRP Connector / Bel





TE Connectivity



Thin Film / Vishay



TT Electronics





Teccor / Littelfuse



TI



Tuchel / Amphenol





TechNexion



TinyCircuits



Tusonix / CTS





Techno / Vishay



tinyTILE



Twin Industries





Techspray



TOKO / Murata



TXC





Tektronix



Torex Semiconductor



Tyco Electronics (TE Connectivity)










U







UDOO



United Chemi-Con



US Sensor





Ultralife



UP Board



USCi (United Silicon Carbide, Inc.)










V







Vacuumschmelze (VAC)



VIA Technologies



Visual Communications Company





Varitronix



Vicor



Vitelec / Cinch Connectivity Solutions





VCC



VISATON



Vitramon / Vishay





Vector



Vishay



Volex





Vectron International



Vishay Precision Group



Voltronics / Knowles





Versarien Technologies



Visionox



VORAGO Technologies










W







Waber



Western Design Center



Wiremold





Wakefield-Vette



White Electronic Designs



WIZnet





Walsin



White Rodgers



WJ Communications





Wandboard



Wi2Wi



WL Gore





WeEn Semiconductors



Wickmann / Littelfuse



Wolfson / Cirrus Logic





Weller



Wiha



Wolfspeed / Cree





Welwyn / TT Electronics



WIMA



Wurth Electronics










X







Xeltek



Xsens










Y







Yageo



Yamaichi Electronics










Z







Zarlink Semiconductor



Zetex / Diodes Inc.



Zilog / IXYS





Zentri



ZF Electronics



ZMDI































QUICK EMAIL SIGNUP


Subscribe

































MOUSER ELECTRONICS®



                                    1000 North Main StreetMansfield, TX 76063USA

                                    (800) 346-6873
                                




COMPANY


About Us


Educational Sales


Press Room


Careers @ Mouser


Quality


Environmental




QUICK LINKS


Mouser Blog


Newest Products


New Products


New Technologies




SUPPORT


Feedback


Help


Contact Us


Browser Support


Cookie Policy










VIEW MOBILE
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy
                          |  
                        Terms and Conditions




                        Mouser® and Mouser Electronics® are trademarks of Mouser Electronics, Inc.
                        All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
                        Corporate headquarters and logistics center in Mansfield, Texas USA.
                        



                        Copyright ©2017 Mouser Electronics, Inc. - A TTI and Berkshire Hathaway company.
                        


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 


microchip technology microcontroller Stock and Price by Distributor





















Register or Sign In

Menu

Search
Detail


If you like Findchips… You will love Findchips PRO. Try it Now.




FindChips.com




Please enter a full or partial manufacturer part number with a minimum of 3 letters or numbers
Search Entire List... Try FC Pro







                        Upload BOM
                        



Unable to extract parts from document. Please try again.








My Preferred Distributors  
Authorized  
Independent  
Industrial Supplies / MRO  


Register or Sign In to sort your Preferred Distributors to the top of the list!
                    
                


AE Petsche
Allied
Ameya
Arrow
Avnet
Bisco
Carlton-Bates
CDI
Chip One Exchange
Chip1Stop
Coilcraft
ComS.I.T.
Digi-Key
Electro Enterprises
Electroshield
element14
ERA
Farnell
Forward Components
Future Electronics
Gopher
Heilind Electronics
Interstate Connecting Comp
Jameco
Master Electronics
microchipDIRECT
Mouser
NAC
Newark
NexGen Digital
Onlinecomponents.com
PEI Genesis
Powell Electronics
Power & Signal
PUI
Richardson RFPD
Rochester
RS Components
Rutronik
Sager
Space Coast
Symmetry Electronics
Texas Instruments
TME
TTI
Verical
Waytek, Inc.
WPG Americas
Wuhan P&S




America II
basicEparts
Bristol
New Advantage
Quest
Terminals & Conn








Update your browser
Your browser (Internet Explorer) is out of date.
Update your browser for more security, comfort and the best experience for this site.



Switch to Lite Version







microchip technology microcontroller price and stock


MICRO...  Datasheet






Show Filters


                    Desired Stock: 

In Stock Only
Exact Matches Only

    Currency Estimator:
    
Default
BRL
CNY
EUR
GBP
ILS
JPY
KRW
RUB
TWD
USD









Top of Page ↑




                
                Arrow Electronics ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $23.3800



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            0
                        
                    


 $23.6200



Buy Now





SW500070




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IAR Embedded Workbench for Microchip dsPIC3x/PIC24


                        
                            0
                        
                    


1 $2,812.5000
10 $2,785.0600
50 $2,702.8300
100 $2,654.0700
See More



Buy Now







Top of Page ↑




                
                Digi-Key ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            12000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.2884



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            18000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3605



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            78000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            27000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            6000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





View All Results From  Digi-Key




Top of Page ↑




                
                Verical ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






DM183036




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MICROCHIP BLUETOOTH(R) EVALUATION KIT


                        
                            3
                        
                    


 $101.9880



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $35.0200



Buy Now










Top of Page ↑




                
                Onlinecomponents.com ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






RB




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        


1-13/16 Diameter Analog Turns Counting Dial

RoHS:

                    Compliant
                



                        
                            26
                        
                    


1 $21.6600
10 $19.6600
25 $18.2600
50 $17.0400
100 $16.3800
See More



Buy Now





HARDWARE




                            Carling Technologies
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            5
                        
                    

                        
 

                    

Buy Now





6051




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        



                         

                        
        
RoHS:

                    Not compliant
                



                        
                            3
                        
                    

                        
 

                    

Buy Now





6205




                            Coto Technology USA
                        


Relay SSR 50mA 1.5V DC-IN 0.12A 400V AC/DC-OUT 6-Pin DIP Tube


                        
                            2922
                        
                    


1 $3.9500
25 $2.9500



Buy Now





6206




                            Coto Technology USA
                        


Relay SSR 50mA 1.5V DC-IN 0.1A 400V AC/DC-OUT 8-Pin DIP Tube


                        
                            0
                        
                    


1 $8.8700
500 $6.5700
1000 $5.9600
5000 $5.2700
See More



Buy Now





Associated Electronic Components for microchip technology microcontroller

ATTINY4-MAHR • 
        
            PIC10F200T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F202T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F220T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F204T-I/OT • 
        
            HARDWARE • 
        
            6051 • 
        
            6205 • 
        
            6206 • 
        
            MCP73871EV • 
        
            SW500070 • 
         DM183036





FindChips.com
Feedback? |
            Contact Us |
            Most Searched Terms |
            Privacy Policy |
            Terms of Service |
            Advertise With Us

All content Copyright © 2017, SupplyFrame.com





Confirm BOM Data



Unable to save document. Please try again.




List Name




Select Sheet







                        Change the Part Number column






                        Change the Quantity column








Please choose your BOM file's Part Number and Qty column.

Part Number Column



Qty Column







Part Number ( parts)
Qty








BOM Options

BOM Qty



Distributor preferences

 All Distributors
                

 Preferred distributors first
                

 Preferred distributors only
                

 Preferred distributors for this list
                    (0)
                



Pricing

 Best price and stock
                

 Best price available
                

 Channel analysis (max 10 distributors)
                    
                            You have 0 distributors selected, only first 10 will be processed
                    
Please select distributors









Save List
Cancel








Select preferred distributors




Save
Cancel







Working...








1

                        Uploading Document
                    


2

                        Processing Document
                    


3

                        Saving Data
                    





Your FindChips PRO licence has expired.
Please update your account details for future billings.
Update Account Details →
or
Request Extension →






























Add to list:
register or Sign In








 


microchip technology microcontroller Stock and Price by Distributor





















Register or Sign In

Menu

Search
Detail


If you like Findchips… You will love Findchips PRO. Try it Now.




FindChips.com




Please enter a full or partial manufacturer part number with a minimum of 3 letters or numbers
Search Entire List... Try FC Pro







                        Upload BOM
                        



Unable to extract parts from document. Please try again.








My Preferred Distributors  
Authorized  
Independent  
Industrial Supplies / MRO  


Register or Sign In to sort your Preferred Distributors to the top of the list!
                    
                


AE Petsche
Allied
Ameya
Arrow
Avnet
Bisco
Carlton-Bates
CDI
Chip One Exchange
Chip1Stop
Coilcraft
ComS.I.T.
Digi-Key
Electro Enterprises
Electroshield
element14
ERA
Farnell
Forward Components
Future Electronics
Gopher
Heilind Electronics
Interstate Connecting Comp
Jameco
Master Electronics
microchipDIRECT
Mouser
NAC
Newark
NexGen Digital
Onlinecomponents.com
PEI Genesis
Powell Electronics
Power & Signal
PUI
Richardson RFPD
Rochester
RS Components
Rutronik
Sager
Space Coast
Symmetry Electronics
Texas Instruments
TME
TTI
Verical
Waytek, Inc.
WPG Americas
Wuhan P&S




America II
basicEparts
Bristol
New Advantage
Quest
Terminals & Conn








Update your browser
Your browser (Internet Explorer) is out of date.
Update your browser for more security, comfort and the best experience for this site.



Switch to Lite Version







microchip technology microcontroller price and stock


MICRO...  Datasheet






Show Filters


                    Desired Stock: 

In Stock Only
Exact Matches Only

    Currency Estimator:
    
Default
BRL
CNY
EUR
GBP
ILS
JPY
KRW
RUB
TWD
USD









Top of Page ↑




                
                Arrow Electronics ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $23.3800



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            0
                        
                    


 $23.6200



Buy Now





SW500070




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IAR Embedded Workbench for Microchip dsPIC3x/PIC24


                        
                            0
                        
                    


1 $2,812.5000
10 $2,785.0600
50 $2,702.8300
100 $2,654.0700
See More



Buy Now







Top of Page ↑




                
                Digi-Key ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            12000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.2884



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            18000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3605



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            78000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            27000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            6000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





View All Results From  Digi-Key




Top of Page ↑




                
                Verical ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






DM183036




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MICROCHIP BLUETOOTH(R) EVALUATION KIT


                        
                            3
                        
                    


 $101.9880



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $35.0200



Buy Now










Top of Page ↑




                
                Onlinecomponents.com ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






RB




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        


1-13/16 Diameter Analog Turns Counting Dial

RoHS:

                    Compliant
                



                        
                            26
                        
                    


1 $21.6600
10 $19.6600
25 $18.2600
50 $17.0400
100 $16.3800
See More



Buy Now





HARDWARE




                            Carling Technologies
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            5
                        
                    

                        
 

                    

Buy Now





6051




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        



                         

                        
        
RoHS:

                    Not compliant
                



                        
                            3
                        
                    

                        
 

                    

Buy Now





6205




                            Coto Technology USA
                        


Relay SSR 50mA 1.5V DC-IN 0.12A 400V AC/DC-OUT 6-Pin DIP Tube


                        
                            2922
                        
                    


1 $3.9500
25 $2.9500



Buy Now





6206




                            Coto Technology USA
                        


Relay SSR 50mA 1.5V DC-IN 0.1A 400V AC/DC-OUT 8-Pin DIP Tube


                        
                            0
                        
                    


1 $8.8700
500 $6.5700
1000 $5.9600
5000 $5.2700
See More



Buy Now





Associated Electronic Components for microchip technology microcontroller

MCP73871EV • 
        
            SW500070 • 
        
            DM183036 • 
        
            ATTINY4-MAHR • 
        
            PIC10F200T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F202T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F220T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F204T-I/OT • 
        
            HARDWARE • 
        
            6051 • 
        
            6205 • 
         6206





FindChips.com
Feedback? |
            Contact Us |
            Most Searched Terms |
            Privacy Policy |
            Terms of Service |
            Advertise With Us

All content Copyright © 2017, SupplyFrame.com





Confirm BOM Data



Unable to save document. Please try again.




List Name




Select Sheet







                        Change the Part Number column






                        Change the Quantity column








Please choose your BOM file's Part Number and Qty column.

Part Number Column



Qty Column







Part Number ( parts)
Qty








BOM Options

BOM Qty



Distributor preferences

 All Distributors
                

 Preferred distributors first
                

 Preferred distributors only
                

 Preferred distributors for this list
                    (0)
                



Pricing

 Best price and stock
                

 Best price available
                

 Channel analysis (max 10 distributors)
                    
                            You have 0 distributors selected, only first 10 will be processed
                    
Please select distributors









Save List
Cancel








Select preferred distributors




Save
Cancel







Working...








1

                        Uploading Document
                    


2

                        Processing Document
                    


3

                        Saving Data
                    





Your FindChips PRO licence has expired.
Please update your account details for future billings.
Update Account Details →
or
Request Extension →






























Add to list:
register or Sign In








 


microchip technology microcontroller Stock and Price by Distributor





















Register or Sign In

Menu

Search
Detail


If you like Findchips… You will love Findchips PRO. Try it Now.




FindChips.com




Please enter a full or partial manufacturer part number with a minimum of 3 letters or numbers
Search Entire List... Try FC Pro







                        Upload BOM
                        



Unable to extract parts from document. Please try again.








My Preferred Distributors  
Authorized  
Independent  
Industrial Supplies / MRO  


Register or Sign In to sort your Preferred Distributors to the top of the list!
                    
                


AE Petsche
Allied
Ameya
Arrow
Avnet
Bisco
Carlton-Bates
CDI
Chip One Exchange
Chip1Stop
Coilcraft
ComS.I.T.
Digi-Key
Electro Enterprises
Electroshield
element14
ERA
Farnell
Forward Components
Future Electronics
Gopher
Heilind Electronics
Interstate Connecting Comp
Jameco
Master Electronics
microchipDIRECT
Mouser
NAC
Newark
NexGen Digital
Onlinecomponents.com
PEI Genesis
Powell Electronics
Power & Signal
PUI
Richardson RFPD
Rochester
RS Components
Rutronik
Sager
Space Coast
Symmetry Electronics
Texas Instruments
TME
TTI
Verical
Waytek, Inc.
WPG Americas
Wuhan P&S




America II
basicEparts
Bristol
New Advantage
Quest
Terminals & Conn








Update your browser
Your browser (Internet Explorer) is out of date.
Update your browser for more security, comfort and the best experience for this site.



Switch to Lite Version







microchip technology microcontroller price and stock


MICRO...  Datasheet






Show Filters


                    Desired Stock: 

In Stock Only
Exact Matches Only

    Currency Estimator:
    
Default
BRL
CNY
EUR
GBP
ILS
JPY
KRW
RUB
TWD
USD









Top of Page ↑




                
                Arrow Electronics ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $23.3800



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            0
                        
                    


 $23.6200



Buy Now





SW500070




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IAR Embedded Workbench for Microchip dsPIC3x/PIC24


                        
                            0
                        
                    


1 $2,812.5000
10 $2,785.0600
50 $2,702.8300
100 $2,654.0700
See More



Buy Now







Top of Page ↑




                
                Digi-Key ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            12000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.2884



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            18000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3605



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            78000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            27000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            6000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





View All Results From  Digi-Key




Top of Page ↑




                
                Verical ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






DM183036




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MICROCHIP BLUETOOTH(R) EVALUATION KIT


                        
                            3
                        
                    


 $101.9880



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $35.0200



Buy Now










Top of Page ↑




                
                Onlinecomponents.com ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






RB




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        


1-13/16 Diameter Analog Turns Counting Dial

RoHS:

                    Compliant
                



                        
                            26
                        
                    


1 $21.6600
10 $19.6600
25 $18.2600
50 $17.0400
100 $16.3800
See More



Buy Now





HARDWARE




                            Carling Technologies
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            5
                        
                    

                        
 

                    

Buy Now





6051




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        



                         

                        
        
RoHS:

                    Not compliant
                



                        
                            3
                        
                    

                        
 

                    

Buy Now





6205




                            Coto Technology USA
                        


Relay SSR 50mA 1.5V DC-IN 0.12A 400V AC/DC-OUT 6-Pin DIP Tube


                        
                            2922
                        
                    


1 $3.9500
25 $2.9500



Buy Now





6206




                            Coto Technology USA
                        


Relay SSR 50mA 1.5V DC-IN 0.1A 400V AC/DC-OUT 8-Pin DIP Tube


                        
                            0
                        
                    


1 $8.8700
500 $6.5700
1000 $5.9600
5000 $5.2700
See More



Buy Now





Associated Electronic Components for microchip technology microcontroller

MCP73871EV • 
        
            SW500070 • 
        
            DM183036 • 
        
            HARDWARE • 
        
            6051 • 
        
            6205 • 
        
            6206 • 
        
            ATTINY4-MAHR • 
        
            PIC10F200T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F202T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F220T-I/OT • 
         PIC10F204T-I/OT





FindChips.com
Feedback? |
            Contact Us |
            Most Searched Terms |
            Privacy Policy |
            Terms of Service |
            Advertise With Us

All content Copyright © 2017, SupplyFrame.com





Confirm BOM Data



Unable to save document. Please try again.




List Name




Select Sheet







                        Change the Part Number column






                        Change the Quantity column








Please choose your BOM file's Part Number and Qty column.

Part Number Column



Qty Column







Part Number ( parts)
Qty








BOM Options

BOM Qty



Distributor preferences

 All Distributors
                

 Preferred distributors first
                

 Preferred distributors only
                

 Preferred distributors for this list
                    (0)
                



Pricing

 Best price and stock
                

 Best price available
                

 Channel analysis (max 10 distributors)
                    
                            You have 0 distributors selected, only first 10 will be processed
                    
Please select distributors









Save List
Cancel








Select preferred distributors




Save
Cancel







Working...








1

                        Uploading Document
                    


2

                        Processing Document
                    


3

                        Saving Data
                    





Your FindChips PRO licence has expired.
Please update your account details for future billings.
Update Account Details →
or
Request Extension →






























Add to list:
register or Sign In








 


microchip technology microcontroller Stock and Price by Distributor





















Register or Sign In

Menu

Search
Detail


If you like Findchips… You will love Findchips PRO. Try it Now.




FindChips.com




Please enter a full or partial manufacturer part number with a minimum of 3 letters or numbers
Search Entire List... Try FC Pro







                        Upload BOM
                        



Unable to extract parts from document. Please try again.








My Preferred Distributors  
Authorized  
Independent  
Industrial Supplies / MRO  


Register or Sign In to sort your Preferred Distributors to the top of the list!
                    
                


AE Petsche
Allied
Ameya
Arrow
Avnet
Bisco
Carlton-Bates
CDI
Chip One Exchange
Chip1Stop
Coilcraft
ComS.I.T.
Digi-Key
Electro Enterprises
Electroshield
element14
ERA
Farnell
Forward Components
Future Electronics
Gopher
Heilind Electronics
Interstate Connecting Comp
Jameco
Master Electronics
microchipDIRECT
Mouser
NAC
Newark
NexGen Digital
Onlinecomponents.com
PEI Genesis
Powell Electronics
Power & Signal
PUI
Richardson RFPD
Rochester
RS Components
Rutronik
Sager
Space Coast
Symmetry Electronics
Texas Instruments
TME
TTI
Verical
Waytek, Inc.
WPG Americas
Wuhan P&S




America II
basicEparts
Bristol
New Advantage
Quest
Terminals & Conn








Update your browser
Your browser (Internet Explorer) is out of date.
Update your browser for more security, comfort and the best experience for this site.



Switch to Lite Version







microchip technology microcontroller price and stock


MICRO...  Datasheet






Show Filters


                    Desired Stock: 

In Stock Only
Exact Matches Only

    Currency Estimator:
    
Default
BRL
CNY
EUR
GBP
ILS
JPY
KRW
RUB
TWD
USD









Top of Page ↑




                
                Arrow Electronics ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $23.3800



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            0
                        
                    


 $23.6200



Buy Now





SW500070




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IAR Embedded Workbench for Microchip dsPIC3x/PIC24


                        
                            0
                        
                    


1 $2,812.5000
10 $2,785.0600
50 $2,702.8300
100 $2,654.0700
See More



Buy Now







Top of Page ↑




                
                Digi-Key ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            12000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.2884



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            18000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3605



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            78000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            27000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            6000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





View All Results From  Digi-Key




Top of Page ↑




                
                Verical ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






DM183036




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MICROCHIP BLUETOOTH(R) EVALUATION KIT


                        
                            3
                        
                    


 $101.9880



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $35.0200



Buy Now










Top of Page ↑




                
                Allied Electronics ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






PIC24FJ32GA002-I/SP

DISTRI #
70046336





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MCU,  16-Bit,  28-Pin,  32KB Flash,  8KB RAM,  21 I/O,  nanoWatt

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            429
                        
                    


1 $2.6400
10 $2.3700
25 $2.2700
100 $2.1900
See More



Buy Now





PIC24FJ64GA004-I/PT

DISTRI #
70046340





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MCU,  16-Bit,  44-Pin,  64KB Flash,  8KB RAM,  35 I/O,  nanoWatt

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            492
                        
                    


1 $3.1000
10 $2.7900
25 $2.6800
100 $2.5800
See More



Buy Now





PIC24FJ96GA010-I/PT

DISTRI #
70045744





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


PIC24FJ96GA010-I/PT, 16bit PIC Microcontroller, 32MHz, 96kb Flash, 100-Pin TQFP

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            0
                        
                    


119 $4.5000
238 $4.2700
357 $4.0600



Buy Now





PIC24FJ32GA002-I/SO

DISTRI #
70046335





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MCU,  16-Bit,  28-Pin,  32KB Flash,  8KB RAM,  21 I/O,  nanoWatt

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            0
                        
                    


27 $2.4400
54 $2.3400
81 $2.2400



Buy Now





PIC24HJ128GP310-I/PT

DISTRI #
70046343





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MCU,  16-Bit,  128KB Flash,  16KB RAM,  85 I/O,  TQFP-100

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            14
                        
                    


1 $5.3200
10 $5.2100
25 $5.1200
100 $4.9200
See More



Buy Now





PIC24HJ64GP210-I/PT

DISTRI #
70046346





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MCU,  16-Bit,  64KB Flash,  8KB RAM,  85 I/O,  TQFP-100

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            99
                        
                    


1 $4.8200
10 $4.7300
25 $4.6400
100 $4.4600
See More



Buy Now





PIC24FJ128GA006-I/PT

DISTRI #
70045736





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


PIC24FJ128GA006-I/PT, 16bit PIC Microcontroller, 32MHz, 128kb Flash, 64-Pin TQFP

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            129
                        
                    


1 $7.6300
25 $6.5300
100 $6.3100



Buy Now





PIC24FJ96GA006-I/PT

DISTRI #
70045742





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


PIC24FJ96GA006-I/PT, 16bit PIC Microcontroller, 32MHz, 96kb Flash, 64-Pin TQFP

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            59
                        
                    


1 $4.4200
25 $2.7500
100 $2.6600



Buy Now





PIC24HJ128GP206-I/PT

DISTRI #
70045745





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


PIC24HJ128GP206-I/PT, 16bit PIC Microcontroller, 40MHz, 128kb Flash, 64-Pin TQFP

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            20
                        
                    


1 $4.5000
10 $4.4200
25 $4.3400
100 $4.1800
See More



Buy Now





PIC24HJ64GP206-I/PT

DISTRI #
70045749





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


PIC24HJ64GP206-I/PT, 16bit PIC Microcontroller, 40MHz, 64kb Flash, 64-Pin TQFP

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            468
                        
                    


1 $4.5700
10 $4.1100
25 $3.9500
100 $3.8000
See More



Buy Now





PIC24FJ32GA004-I/PT

DISTRI #
70046337





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MCU,  16-Bit,  44-Pin,  32KB Flash,  8KB RAM,  35 I/O,  nanoWatt

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            80
                        
                    


1 $2.4700
10 $2.4300
25 $2.3900
100 $2.3000
See More



Buy Now





PIC24FJ64GA002-I/SO

DISTRI #
70046338





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MCU,  16-Bit,  28-Pin,  64KB Flash,  8KB RAM,  21 I/O,  nanoWatt

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            17
                        
                    


1 $2.5900
10 $2.5400
25 $2.4900
100 $2.3900
See More



Buy Now





PIC24HJ64GP506-I/PT

DISTRI #
70046347





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MCU,  16-Bit,  64KB Flash,  8KB RAM,  53 I/O,  TQFP-64

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            0
                        
                    


160 $6.1300
320 $5.0100
480 $4.7100



Buy Now





PIC24HJ64GP510-I/PT

DISTRI #
70046348





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MCU,  16-Bit,  64KB Flash,  8KB RAM,  85 I/O,  TQFP-100

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            1296
                        
                    


119 $6.5800
238 $5.3900
357 $4.8500



Buy Now





PIC24FJ128GA008-I/PT

DISTRI #
70045737





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


PIC24FJ128GA008-I/PT, 16bit PIC Microcontroller, 32MHz, 128kb Flash, 80-Pin TQFP

RoHS:

                    true
                



                        
                            22
                        
                    


1 $5.1400
25 $3.2000
100 $3.0800



Buy Now





View All Results From  Allied Electronics




Top of Page ↑




                
                Onlinecomponents.com ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






2607




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        


7/8 Diameter Analog Turns Counting Dial

RoHS:

                    Compliant
                



                        
                            39
                        
                    


1 $17.2700
10 $15.8300
25 $14.6200
100 $13.5700
250 $12.6700
500 $12.1800
See More



Buy Now





2627




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        


Current Meter, AC Current Wide-Vue Style


                        
                            5
                        
                    


1 $35.0000
5 $31.2000



Buy Now





2696




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        


Turns Counting Dial 7/8 Diameter Analog for 1/4 Shaft

RoHS:

                    Compliant
                



                        
                            429
                        
                    


1 $8.0000
10 $7.3300
20 $6.7700
100 $6.2900
250 $5.8700
500 $5.6400
See More



Buy Now





36414




                            Coto Technology USA
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            1
                        
                    


1 $69.7500



Buy Now





3675




                            Coto Technology USA
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            38
                        
                    


1 $27.0100
100 $13.3200
250 $11.1000
500 $9.9700
1000 $8.8600
2500 $8.0000
5000 $7.5600
10000 $7.5300
See More



Buy Now





31221




                            Carling Technologies
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            10
                        
                    

                        
 

                    

Buy Now





3475




                            Coto Technology USA
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            58
                        
                    


1 $24.9300
25 $19.4100
50 $18.4000
100 $17.3900
250 $16.3500
500 $15.3500
See More



Buy Now





Associated Electronic Components for microchip technology microcontroller

MCP73871EV • 
        
            SW500070 • 
        
            DM183036 • 
        
            2607 • 
        
            2627 • 
        
            2696 • 
        
            36414 • 
        
            3675 • 
        
            31221 • 
        
            3475 • 
        
            ATTINY4-MAHR • 
        
            PIC10F200T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F202T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F220T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F204T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC24FJ32GA002-I/SP • 
        
            PIC24FJ64GA004-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24FJ96GA010-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24FJ32GA002-I/SO • 
        
            PIC24HJ128GP310-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24HJ64GP210-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24FJ128GA006-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24FJ96GA006-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24HJ128GP206-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24HJ64GP206-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24FJ32GA004-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24FJ64GA002-I/SO • 
        
            PIC24HJ64GP506-I/PT • 
        
            PIC24HJ64GP510-I/PT • 
         PIC24FJ128GA008-I/PT





FindChips.com
Feedback? |
            Contact Us |
            Most Searched Terms |
            Privacy Policy |
            Terms of Service |
            Advertise With Us

All content Copyright © 2017, SupplyFrame.com





Confirm BOM Data



Unable to save document. Please try again.




List Name




Select Sheet







                        Change the Part Number column






                        Change the Quantity column








Please choose your BOM file's Part Number and Qty column.

Part Number Column



Qty Column







Part Number ( parts)
Qty








BOM Options

BOM Qty



Distributor preferences

 All Distributors
                

 Preferred distributors first
                

 Preferred distributors only
                

 Preferred distributors for this list
                    (0)
                



Pricing

 Best price and stock
                

 Best price available
                

 Channel analysis (max 10 distributors)
                    
                            You have 0 distributors selected, only first 10 will be processed
                    
Please select distributors









Save List
Cancel








Select preferred distributors




Save
Cancel







Working...








1

                        Uploading Document
                    


2

                        Processing Document
                    


3

                        Saving Data
                    





Your FindChips PRO licence has expired.
Please update your account details for future billings.
Update Account Details →
or
Request Extension →






























Add to list:
register or Sign In








 


microchip technology microcontroller Stock and Price by Distributor





















Register or Sign In

Menu

Search
Detail


If you like Findchips… You will love Findchips PRO. Try it Now.




FindChips.com




Please enter a full or partial manufacturer part number with a minimum of 3 letters or numbers
Search Entire List... Try FC Pro







                        Upload BOM
                        



Unable to extract parts from document. Please try again.








My Preferred Distributors  
Authorized  
Independent  
Industrial Supplies / MRO  


Register or Sign In to sort your Preferred Distributors to the top of the list!
                    
                


AE Petsche
Allied
Ameya
Arrow
Avnet
Bisco
Carlton-Bates
CDI
Chip One Exchange
Chip1Stop
Coilcraft
ComS.I.T.
Digi-Key
Electro Enterprises
Electroshield
element14
ERA
Farnell
Forward Components
Future Electronics
Gopher
Heilind Electronics
Interstate Connecting Comp
Jameco
Master Electronics
microchipDIRECT
Mouser
NAC
Newark
NexGen Digital
Onlinecomponents.com
PEI Genesis
Powell Electronics
Power & Signal
PUI
Richardson RFPD
Rochester
RS Components
Rutronik
Sager
Space Coast
Symmetry Electronics
Texas Instruments
TME
TTI
Verical
Waytek, Inc.
WPG Americas
Wuhan P&S




America II
basicEparts
Bristol
New Advantage
Quest
Terminals & Conn








Update your browser
Your browser (Internet Explorer) is out of date.
Update your browser for more security, comfort and the best experience for this site.



Switch to Lite Version







microchip technology microcontroller price and stock


MICRO...  Datasheet






Show Filters


                    Desired Stock: 

In Stock Only
Exact Matches Only

    Currency Estimator:
    
Default
BRL
CNY
EUR
GBP
ILS
JPY
KRW
RUB
TWD
USD









Top of Page ↑




                
                Arrow Electronics ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $23.3800



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            0
                        
                    


 $23.6200



Buy Now





SW500070




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IAR Embedded Workbench for Microchip dsPIC3x/PIC24


                        
                            0
                        
                    


1 $2,812.5000
10 $2,785.0600
50 $2,702.8300
100 $2,654.0700
See More



Buy Now







Top of Page ↑




                
                Digi-Key ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            12000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.2884



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





ATTINY4-MAHR

DISTRI #
ATTINY4-MAHRDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 512B FLASH 8UDFN


                        
                            14586In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.2915
25 $0.3192
1 $0.3500



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            18000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3605



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F200T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F200T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            20397In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3605
25 $0.4016
1 $0.4300



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            78000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F202T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F202T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 768B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            79881In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            27000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F220T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F220T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            28145In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTTR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            6000In Stock
                        
                    


3000 $0.3914



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTCT-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





PIC10F204T-I/OT

DISTRI #
PIC10F204T-I/OTDKR-ND





                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


IC MCU 8BIT 384B FLASH SOT23-6


                        
                            8554In Stock
                        
                    


100 $0.3914
25 $0.4328
1 $0.4700



Buy Now





View All Results From  Digi-Key




Top of Page ↑




                
                Verical ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






DM183036




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


MICROCHIP BLUETOOTH(R) EVALUATION KIT


                        
                            3
                        
                    


 $101.9880



Buy Now





MCP73871EV




                            Microchip Technology Inc
                        


Evaluation Board Demonstrates Microchips Standalone LinIeoanr Blaittery Charger With System Power Path


                        
                            5
                        
                    


 $35.0200



Buy Now










Top of Page ↑




                
                Onlinecomponents.com ECIA (NEDA) Member  Authorized Distributor





Part #
Manufacturer
Description
Stock
Price
Buy






2607




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        


7/8 Diameter Analog Turns Counting Dial

RoHS:

                    Compliant
                



                        
                            39
                        
                    


1 $17.2700
10 $15.8300
25 $14.6200
100 $13.5700
250 $12.6700
500 $12.1800
See More



Buy Now





2627




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        


Current Meter, AC Current Wide-Vue Style


                        
                            5
                        
                    


1 $35.0000
5 $31.2000



Buy Now





2696




                            TT electronics / BI Technologies
                        


Turns Counting Dial 7/8 Diameter Analog for 1/4 Shaft

RoHS:

                    Compliant
                



                        
                            429
                        
                    


1 $8.0000
10 $7.3300
20 $6.7700
100 $6.2900
250 $5.8700
500 $5.6400
See More



Buy Now





36414




                            Coto Technology USA
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            1
                        
                    


1 $69.7500



Buy Now





3675




                            Coto Technology USA
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            38
                        
                    


1 $27.0100
100 $13.3200
250 $11.1000
500 $9.9700
1000 $8.8600
2500 $8.0000
5000 $7.5600
10000 $7.5300
See More



Buy Now





31221




                            Carling Technologies
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            10
                        
                    

                        
 

                    

Buy Now





3475




                            Coto Technology USA
                        



                         

                        



                    

                        
                            58
                        
                    


1 $24.9300
25 $19.4100
50 $18.4000
100 $17.3900
250 $16.3500
500 $15.3500
See More



Buy Now





Associated Electronic Components for microchip technology microcontroller

MCP73871EV • 
        
            SW500070 • 
        
            DM183036 • 
        
            2607 • 
        
            2627 • 
        
            2696 • 
        
            36414 • 
        
            3675 • 
        
            31221 • 
        
            3475 • 
        
            ATTINY4-MAHR • 
        
            PIC10F200T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F202T-I/OT • 
        
            PIC10F220T-I/OT • 
         PIC10F204T-I/OT





FindChips.com
Feedback? |
            Contact Us |
            Most Searched Terms |
            Privacy Policy |
            Terms of Service |
            Advertise With Us

All content Copyright © 2017, SupplyFrame.com





Confirm BOM Data



Unable to save document. Please try again.




List Name




Select Sheet







                        Change the Part Number column






                        Change the Quantity column








Please choose your BOM file's Part Number and Qty column.

Part Number Column



Qty Column







Part Number ( parts)
Qty








BOM Options

BOM Qty



Distributor preferences

 All Distributors
                

 Preferred distributors first
                

 Preferred distributors only
                

 Preferred distributors for this list
                    (0)
                



Pricing

 Best price and stock
                

 Best price available
                

 Channel analysis (max 10 distributors)
                    
                            You have 0 distributors selected, only first 10 will be processed
                    
Please select distributors









Save List
Cancel








Select preferred distributors




Save
Cancel







Working...








1

                        Uploading Document
                    


2

                        Processing Document
                    


3

                        Saving Data
                    





Your FindChips PRO licence has expired.
Please update your account details for future billings.
Update Account Details →
or
Request Extension →






























Add to list:
register or Sign In










	Microchip Technology Distributor | DigiKey Electronics
























United States

1-800-344-4539


Change Country

English

USD


 Your item(s) View Cart Login orREGISTER LoginRegisterWhy Register





All ProductsAll ContentAudio ProductsBattery ProductsBoxes Enclosures RacksCable AssembliesCables Wires ManagementCables WiresCapacitorsCircuit ProtectionComputers Office Components AccessoriesConnectors InterconnectsCrystals and OscillatorsDevelopment Boards, Kits, ProgrammersDiscrete Semiconductor ProductsEmbedded ComputersFans Thermal ManagementFiltersHardware Fasteners AccessoriesInductors Coils ChokesIndustrial Controls MetersIntegrated CircuitsIsolatersKitsLine Protection Distribution BackupsMagnetics Transformer Inductor ComponentsMaker/DIY, EducationalMemory Cards ModulesMotors Solenoids Driver Boards ModulesNetworking SolutionsOptical Inspection EquipmentOptoelectronics Potentiometers Variable ResistorsPower Supplies Board MountPower Supplies External Internal Off-BoardPrototyping ProductsRelaysResistorsRF IF and RFIDSensors TransducersSoldering Desoldering Rework ProductsStatic Control ESD Clean Room ProductsSwitchesTape AdhesivesTest and MeasurementToolsTransformers





PRODUCTS MANUFACTURERS RESOURCESResearchAcademic ProgramArticlesBlog - TheCircuitContent LibraryEngineering ResourcesIndustrial AutomationIoT Product SelectorNewest ProductsProduct Training ModulesSensors Product SelectorTechForumVideo LibraryDesignConversion CalculatorsDevelopment ToolsEDA & Design ToolsMaker.ioReference Designs Scheme-it® Design ToolTechZones℠Search / OrderingBOM ManagerBrowser ResourcesOnline CatalogOrder StatusShopping Cart 






Manufacturer Linecard
            
        >
            
            Microchip Technology
        








Microchip Technology
 - Microchip Technology Inc. is a leading provider of microcontroller and analog semiconductors, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality.







PARTS
CONTENT












            PIC® & AVR® MCUs
        



Microchip’s PIC and AVR 8-bit MCU's easy development, autonomous peripherals, and robust selection make them a favored, cost-effective choice. Learn More








            Analog and Interface Products
        



Microchip has a comprehensive portfolio of cost-effective and reliable power management solutions for a wide variety of applications. Learn More








            Security
        



Microchip brings together both cryptographic and non-cryptographic devices to build a total solution for access control to building. Learn More







Product Listing
View All







Cable Assemblies (7)





Smart Cables (7)





Discrete Semiconductor Products (302)





Transistors - FETs, MOSFETs - Arrays (20)


Transistors - FETs, MOSFETs - Single (281)


Transistors - IGBTs - Single (1)





Maker/DIY, Educational (2)





Books, Media (1)


Educational Kits (1)





Optoelectronics (2)





Display Modules - LCD, OLED, Graphic (1)


Fiber Optics - Transceiver Modules (1)





Prototyping Products (1)





Jumper Wire (1)





Test and Measurement (9)





Equipment - Specialty (9)








Crystals, Oscillators, Resonators (6015)





Oscillators (4936)


Pin Configurable/Selectable Oscillators (325)


Programmable Oscillators (704)


Sockets and Insulators (43)


Stand Alone Programmers (7)





Integrated Circuits (ICs) (65621)





Audio Special Purpose (5)


Clock/Timing - Application Specific (128)


Clock/Timing - Clock Buffers, Drivers (617)


Clock/Timing - Clock Generators, PLLs, Frequency Synthesizers (580)


Clock/Timing - Delay Lines (56)


Clock/Timing - Programmable Timers and Oscillators (24)


Clock/Timing - Real Time Clocks (140)


Data Acquisition - ADCs/DACs - Special Purpose (8)


Data Acquisition - Analog Front End (AFE) (74)


Data Acquisition - Analog to Digital Converters (ADC) (345)


Data Acquisition - Digital Potentiometers (1205)


Data Acquisition - Digital to Analog Converters (DAC) (273)


Data Acquisition - Touch Screen Controllers (69)


Embedded - CPLDs (Complex Programmable Logic Devices) (306)


Embedded - FPGAs (Field Programmable Gate Array) (199)


Embedded - FPGAs (Field Programmable Gate Array) with Microcontrollers (40)


Embedded - Microcontrollers (27854)


Embedded - Microcontrollers - Application Specific (343)


Embedded - Microprocessors (58)


Embedded - PLDs (Programmable Logic Device) (241)


Interface - Analog Switches - Special Purpose (84)


Interface - Controllers (834)


Interface - Drivers, Receivers, Transceivers (968)


Interface - Encoders, Decoders, Converters (21)


Interface - I/O Expanders (100)


Interface - Modems - ICs and Modules (3)


Interface - Sensor and Detector Interfaces (133)


Interface - Signal Buffers, Repeaters, Splitters (4)


Interface - Specialized (240)


Interface - Telecom (30)


Linear - Amplifiers - Audio (2)


Linear - Amplifiers - Instrumentation, OP Amps, Buffer Amps (1331)


Linear - Amplifiers - Special Purpose (215)


Linear - Comparators (267)


Linear - Video Processing (10)


Logic - Buffers, Drivers, Receivers, Transceivers (59)


Logic - Comparators (10)


Logic - Counters, Dividers (100)


Logic - Flip Flops (183)


Logic - Gates and Inverters (4)


Logic - Gates and Inverters - Multi-Function, Configurable (172)


Logic - Latches (24)


Logic - Parity Generators and Checkers (17)


Logic - Shift Registers (88)


Logic - Signal Switches, Multiplexers, Decoders (334)


Logic - Specialty Logic (333)


Logic - Translators, Level Shifters (371)


Memory (9944)


Memory - Configuration Proms for FPGAs (241)


PMIC - AC DC Converters, Offline Switchers (100)


PMIC - Battery Chargers (272)


PMIC - Battery Management (32)


PMIC - Current Regulation/Management (41)


PMIC - Display Drivers (147)


PMIC - Energy Metering (104)


PMIC - Full, Half-Bridge Drivers (70)


PMIC - Gate Drivers (1271)


PMIC - Hot Swap Controllers (242)


PMIC - Laser Drivers (107)


PMIC - LED Drivers (546)


PMIC - Lighting, Ballast Controllers (103)


PMIC - Motor Drivers, Controllers (261)


PMIC - OR Controllers, Ideal Diodes (5)


PMIC - Power Distribution Switches, Load Drivers (1208)


PMIC - Power Management - Specialized (165)


PMIC - Power Over Ethernet (PoE) Controllers (1)


PMIC - Power Supply Controllers, Monitors (5)


PMIC - Supervisors (2118)


PMIC - Thermal Management (122)


PMIC - V/F and F/V Converters (9)


PMIC - Voltage Reference (114)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - DC DC Switching Controllers (442)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - DC DC Switching Regulators (1427)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - Linear (7240)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - Linear + Switching (244)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - Linear Regulator Controllers (62)


PMIC - Voltage Regulators - Special Purpose (73)


Specialized ICs (403)





Memory Cards, Modules (7)





Memory Cards (7)





Power Supplies - Board Mount (59)





DC DC Converters (59)





RF/IF and RFID (2313)





RF Accessories (6)


RF Amplifiers (161)


RF Antennas (8)


RF Demodulators (8)


RF Evaluation and Development Kits, Boards (329)


RF Front End (LNA + PA) (49)


RF Misc ICs and Modules (47)


RF Mixers (17)


RF Modulators (12)


RF Receiver, Transmitter, and Transceiver Finished Units (17)


RF Receivers (328)


RF Transceiver ICs (541)


RF Transceiver Modules (242)


RF Transmitters (258)


RFID Evaluation and Development Kits, Boards (34)


RFID Reader Modules (1)


RFID Transponders, Tags (101)


RFID, RF Access, Monitoring ICs (154)





Tools (1)





Specialized Tools (1)








Development Boards, Kits, Programmers (2258)





Accessories (432)


Evaluation and Demonstration Boards and Kits (705)


Evaluation Boards - Analog to Digital Converters (ADCs) (16)


Evaluation Boards - DC/DC & AC/DC (Off-Line) SMPS (114)


Evaluation Boards - Digital to Analog Converters (DACs) (4)


Evaluation Boards - Embedded - Complex Logic (FPGA, CPLD) (10)


Evaluation Boards - Embedded - MCU, DSP (278)


Evaluation Boards - Expansion Boards (10)


Evaluation Boards - LED Drivers (65)


Evaluation Boards - Linear Voltage Regulators (46)


Evaluation Boards - Op Amps (13)


Evaluation Boards - Sensors (121)


Programmers, Emulators, and Debuggers (93)


Programming Adapters, Sockets (228)


Software, Services (123)





Kits (5)





Integrated Circuits (ICs) Kits (5)





Networking Solutions (5)





Miscellaneous (5)





Power Supplies - External/Internal (Off-Board) (2)





AC DC Desktop, Wall Adapters (2)





Sensors, Transducers (1383)





Accessories (1)


Capacitive Touch Sensors, Proximity Sensor ICs (405)


Float, Level Sensors (5)


Motion Sensors - IMUs (Inertial Measurement Units) (3)


Multifunction (2)


Temperature Sensors - Analog and Digital Output (732)


Temperature Sensors - Thermostats - Solid State (235)





Uncategorized (16)





Miscellaneous (16)













Featured Products







SmartConnect WINC1500

            The Atmel® SmartConnect WINC1500 from Atmel is an IEEE 802.11 b/g/n IoT network controller SoC. It offers the ideal add-on to existing MCU solutions, making it easy to bring Wi-Fi and Network capabilities through UART or SPI-to-Wi-Fi interfaces into your designs.  Learn More





DSC6000 Series MEMS Oscillators

            Microchip's DSC6000 family of MEMS oscillators combines the industry leading low power consumption and ultra-small packages with exceptional frequency stability and jitter performance over temperature. Learn More










Newest Products
View All (311)










Low-Power 32-Bit ARM®/PIC MCUs
Microchip has a broad range of ultra low power and low power MCUs that provide optimal power consumption and performance well suited for power constrained applications seeking high levels of functionality.
Learn More








DM990012 Secure IoT1702 Demo Board
Microchip's SecureIoT1702 development board is intended as a development, demonstration, and testing platform for Internet of Things applications.
Learn More










MIKROE-2046 Wi-Fi 7 click board™
The MIKROE-2046 Wi-Fi 7 click from MikroElektronika features the ATWINC1510-MR210PB IEEE 802.11 b/g/n module. 
Learn More








Real-Time Clocks/Calendars (RTCCs)
Microchip’s portfolio of MCP79xx RTCCs offer low-cost system timekeeping solution that are highly integrated with a usable amount of non-volatile memory.
Learn More










General Purpose MCP6001/2 Op Amps
Microchip’s MCP6001 and MCP6002 series of op amps offer a low-cost solution suitable for general purpose applications such as signal amplification, sensor buffer and driving an analog-to-digital converter.
Learn More








Lithium-Ion Charge Management Controllers
Microchip’s MCP73831 and MCP73832 charge management products are highly advanced linear charge management controllers for use in space limited, cost-sensitive applications.
Learn More









Tools & Support







Atmel START

Atmel® START is an innovative online tool for intuitive, graphical configuration of embedded software projects. Learn More





MPLAB® X IDE

            MPLAB® X IDE is a software program that runs on a PC (Windows®, Mac OS®, Linux®) to develop applications for Microchip microcontrollers and digital signal controllers. It is called an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) because it provides a single integrated "environment" to develop code for embedded microcontrollers. Learn More








Atmel Studio 7

Studio 7 is the integrated development platform (IDP) for developing and debugging all AVR® and SAM microcontroller applications. Learn More





MPLAB® Code Configurator

            MPLAB® Code Configurator (MCC) is a free, graphical programming environment that generates seamless, easy-to-understand C code to be inserted into your project. Learn More








Treelink

            Analog and Interface Treelink Tool Learn More





Development Tool Selector

            Microchip's development tool selector. Learn More









Product Training Modules
View All (97)







16-bit PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs with Core Independent Peripherals Overview
Duration: 5 minutes
This training will introduce Core Independent Peripherals in PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs and discuss their value propositions.





Oscillator Immunity to Shock and Vibration
Duration: 5 minutes
This tutorial will highlight the MEMS oscillator's ability to withstand the shock of a fall, mechanical flexing, mechanical shock, and vibration.







Zero Touch Provisioning Kit
Duration: 10 minutes
The ATECC508A-AWS encapsulates the entire provisioning process into a turnkey crypto-authentication device





MIC2127A 75V Synchronous PWM Controller
Duration: 5 minutes
This tutorial will introduce the MIC2127A, provide an overview of Microchip’s 75V Controller Family, review key features and benefits, and cover some of the typical applications.








Featured Videos
View All (387)







Microchip Curiosity Boards – Another Geek Moment 
Microchip Curiosity Boards are an inexpensive way to get your hands on a fully integrated microcontroller platform.  





The MPLAB® XC Compiler Family Webinar
This Microchip webinar gives an overview of the different types of C compilers available for all Microchip PIC devices.







Microchip mTouch Capacitive Touch Demonstration
An early example of Microchip’s demonstration board. Missing the decal, but including all the electrical features.





mTouch™ Sensing Technology Demonstration
Microchip's mTouch Technology supports buttons, sliders, and touch screens. Award winning Metal Over Cap touch solutions are now ready for embedding in your projects.









Additional Content




Product Information - View All

MCP642x EMI Hardened Operational Amplifiers
HV98100/1 Non-Dimmable, Off-line, LED Driver
MCP19124/5 Digitally-Enhanced Power Analog Synchronous Low-Side Dual-Loop PWM Controller
Sensor Interfacing Load Cell: Weight Scale Application
200 Msps, 12-, 14- and 16-bit Low-Power ADCs
MIC24046 Pin-Programmable, Step-Down Converter
MCP1501 High-Precision Buffered Voltage Reference
Digitally Enhanced Power Analog (DEPA) Controllers
MCP6VXX Family of Zero-Drift Operational Amplifiers
MCP39F511N Single-Phase, Dual Input Power-Monitoring IC

Selection Guides

Focus Product
Micrel Product Selection Guide

Articles

Challenges in Embedded System Design? A New Level of Integration in MCUs to Your Rescue!
A new approach to the challenge of powering modern cellular M2M modems
Straight Talk About Jitter Talk



Brochures and Catalogs

Corporate Product Overview
Embedded & Industrial Solutions
LPS - Linear and Power Solutions
Military Catalog
Shortform Catalog

News

Sign up for the Atmel Product News newsletter
ARM9 Linux Ready - Free Subscription

Newsletters

New Product Highlights Q1 2015

White Papers

Designing Cutting-Edge Wearable Medical Devices
Measuring Heart Rate and Blood Oxygen Levels for Portable and Wearable Devices








Manufacturer Web site






Visit Microchip's Web site















Information
Terms & ConditionsBlog - TheCircuitTechForumAbout Digi-KeyContact UsNewsroomSite MapSupported BrowsersPrivacy StatementCareers

United States
sales@digikey.com
Toll Free: 1-800-344-4539Phone: 218-681-6674Fax: 218-681-3380




International
AfricaAsiaAustraliaEuropeMiddle EastNorth AmericaSouth America




Copyright © 1995-2017, Digi-Key Electronics.All Rights Reserved.701 Brooks Avenue South,Thief River Falls, MN 56701 USA















microchip technology inc, Shopping.net











































Top Category Matches



> Electrical Supplies




> Audio / Video Cables & Ad...




> Projector Accessories




> Other Laptop Accessories




> Technology Books




> Medical & Orthopedic Supp...




> Monitor Accessories




> Misc. Health & Beauty




> Scanners




> NIC




> Bridges & Routers




> Tablet Computers




> Network Hub & Switches




> Phones




> Power Tools




> Fish Supplies




> Projectors




> Table Lamps




> Chairs



see all categories













Price



Price must be rounded to nearest dollar
$

to $







Free Shipping







Color







Black

902






Blue

525






White

337






Red

244






Green

145






Purple

120



 more












Networking Connection Type







Ethernet

184






Gigabit Ethernet

90



 more












Signal Processing







Unbuffered

195



 more












RAM Type







SDRAM

81



 more












Form Factor







DIMM

426






SO-DIMM

134



 more












Total Memory







16 GB

135






8 GB

131






2 GB

118






4 GB

108



 more












Operating System Compatibility







PC

316






Mac

79



 more












Gender







Men's

293






Unisex

277






Women's

137






Boys'

84



 more












Brand







0

865






Helly Hansen

863






Kingston

709






Incipio

587






Easton

505






LifeWorks

390






Fox River

350






Impact

329






WatchGuard

300






Head

267



 more












Material







Wool

670






Brass

527






Leather

459






Aluminum

379






Plastic

294






Stainless Steel

284






Rubber

250






Fleece

193






Spandex

177






Steel

174



 more















Shop by Department



Appliances




Automotive




Babies & Kids




Clothing & Accessories




Computers & Software




DVDs & Videos




Electronics




Gifts, Flowers & Food




Health & Beauty Supplies




Home & Garden




Jewelry




Musical Instruments & Accessories




Office Supplies




Other Products




Pet Supplies




Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear




Toys




Video Games




 See more































Hubbell Building Automation LightHAWK LHMTD2I...
$115.00
$58.90














RV Lighting WBU-PWM-CW12 Cold White Universal...

$21.77














Leviton OSSMD-GDG Occupancy Sensor Decora Style...

$135.41














Leviton OSSMD-MDG Occupancy Sensor Decora Style...

$131.91













Brand New Microchip Analog To Digital Converter...

$21.56













LUMENITE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY, INC. 3J Cable,...

$144.67













Atlona Technologies AT2180-UK 5Ft 3-Pin Computer...

$15.89













Leviton ODC20-MDW ODC Series 2000 Sq. Ft....
$159.00
$116.22













Wave-Point 36-Inch 78-Watt 2 Bulb High Output...

$123.57













Little Fuse L70S-200 Powr-Gard High Speed Fuse,...
$132.72
$105.50













Little Fuse L70S-250 Powr-Gard High Speed Fuse,...
$151.33
$114.50













Little Fuse L70S-125 Powr-Gard High Speed Fuse,...
$118.83
$62.50













Little Fuse L70S-250 Powr-Gard High-Speed Fuse,...
$122.72
$94.50













Little Fuse L70S-150 Powr-Gard High Speed Fuse,...
$110.72
$89.50













Hubbell Automation FHB142PSUNV Fluorescent High...
$89.00
$72.50













RV Lighting WBU-PWM-WW36 Cold White Universal...

$24.27













RV Lighting WBU-PWM-CW36 Cold White Universal...

$24.27













PowerTac E5G3 950-Lumen E5 Gen III LED Flashlight
$155.27
$79.65













"Microchip Technology Inc. MCP1700-3302E/TO...

$5.98













"Microchip Technology Inc. MCP4231-103E/P...

$3.13













Microchip Technology Inc. MCP3201-CI/P 12-BIT...

$6.03













Led Clamp Super Blue Wavepoint Technology, Inc.

$59.57

Pupdaddy.com











Led Clamp Daylight Wavepoint Technology, Inc.

$60.28

Pupdaddy.com











"Microchip Technology Inc. MCP23008-E/P...

$6.77













Microchip PIC16F887-I/P ICs and Semiconductors,...

$4.30












1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9


10


>






































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


Shopping.net is compensated by these merchants. Payment is one of several factors used to rank these results. Tax and shipping costs are estimates.
© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

























Shopping.net


















 

















Popular Products







Ovation Slim Secret Full-seat Breeches Show Tan...
$109.95
$99.99













Puritan's Pride Maca 1000 mg Exotic Herb for...
$19.99
$9.99













Nature's Bounty - Fish Oil 1200 mg. - 200...
$17.29
$15.13













Women's Monica Mid-Heel Sandal

$34.99













Bryonia Alba 30X (Rheumatic Pain, Dry Cough)...

$7.35













Lawrence 60" Double Vanity -...

$1,699.00













Slo-Niacin - Polygel Controlled-Release Niacin...
$25.14
$15.16













Rev-A-Shelf 4WCTM-12DM1 4WCTM Series 35 Quart...
$104.69
$74.29













WIREMOLD 2886 Drop Ceiling Connector...

$4.80













Planetary herbals Turmeric Gold 500mg, 60 capsule
$36.48
$27.44













Moen DN6886 Brushed Nickel Accessory Moen DN6886...
$27.15
$18.10













28-inch Round Exquisite Ceiling Medallion (28...

$89.99













Deni Non-Stick Electric Skillet with Glass Lid...

$23.99













303 30207 Multi-Purpose Cleaner Trigger Sprayer,...
$23.48
$11.48













Accelerade Advance Sports Drink - 60...
$72.99
$54.99













EMD EMD 1.09533.0007 PH Strip, 5.0 to 10.0 pH,...

$147.51













Farberware 4-Slice Toaster, Stainless Steel

$34.92













Dixie - Itw Brands 25216 EZ Ancor Stud Solver...

$14.34













30 Amp 120/240-Volt 7,200-Watt Fused...

$21.41













Kyme Ricky 50MM Squared Rectangle Sunglasses -...

$300.00
































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

























Shopping.net


















 

















Popular Products







Ovation Slim Secret Full-seat Breeches Show Tan...
$109.95
$99.99













Puritan's Pride Maca 1000 mg Exotic Herb for...
$19.99
$9.99













Nature's Bounty - Fish Oil 1200 mg. - 200...
$17.29
$15.13













Women's Monica Mid-Heel Sandal

$34.99













Bryonia Alba 30X (Rheumatic Pain, Dry Cough)...

$7.35













Lawrence 60" Double Vanity -...

$1,699.00













Slo-Niacin - Polygel Controlled-Release Niacin...
$25.14
$15.16













Rev-A-Shelf 4WCTM-12DM1 4WCTM Series 35 Quart...
$104.69
$74.29













WIREMOLD 2886 Drop Ceiling Connector...

$4.80













Planetary herbals Turmeric Gold 500mg, 60 capsule
$36.48
$27.44













Moen DN6886 Brushed Nickel Accessory Moen DN6886...
$27.15
$18.10













28-inch Round Exquisite Ceiling Medallion (28...

$89.99













Deni Non-Stick Electric Skillet with Glass Lid...

$23.99













303 30207 Multi-Purpose Cleaner Trigger Sprayer,...
$23.48
$11.48













Accelerade Advance Sports Drink - 60...
$72.99
$54.99













EMD EMD 1.09533.0007 PH Strip, 5.0 to 10.0 pH,...

$147.51













Farberware 4-Slice Toaster, Stainless Steel

$34.92













Dixie - Itw Brands 25216 EZ Ancor Stud Solver...

$14.34













30 Amp 120/240-Volt 7,200-Watt Fused...

$21.41













Kyme Ricky 50MM Squared Rectangle Sunglasses -...

$300.00
































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

























Shopping.net


















 

















Popular Products







Ovation Slim Secret Full-seat Breeches Show Tan...
$109.95
$99.99













Puritan's Pride Maca 1000 mg Exotic Herb for...
$19.99
$9.99













Nature's Bounty - Fish Oil 1200 mg. - 200...
$17.29
$15.13













Women's Monica Mid-Heel Sandal

$34.99













Bryonia Alba 30X (Rheumatic Pain, Dry Cough)...

$7.35













Lawrence 60" Double Vanity -...

$1,699.00













Slo-Niacin - Polygel Controlled-Release Niacin...
$25.14
$15.16













Rev-A-Shelf 4WCTM-12DM1 4WCTM Series 35 Quart...
$104.69
$74.29













WIREMOLD 2886 Drop Ceiling Connector...

$4.80













Planetary herbals Turmeric Gold 500mg, 60 capsule
$36.48
$27.44













Moen DN6886 Brushed Nickel Accessory Moen DN6886...
$27.15
$18.10













28-inch Round Exquisite Ceiling Medallion (28...

$89.99













Deni Non-Stick Electric Skillet with Glass Lid...

$23.99













303 30207 Multi-Purpose Cleaner Trigger Sprayer,...
$23.48
$11.48













Accelerade Advance Sports Drink - 60...
$72.99
$54.99













EMD EMD 1.09533.0007 PH Strip, 5.0 to 10.0 pH,...

$147.51













Farberware 4-Slice Toaster, Stainless Steel

$34.92













Dixie - Itw Brands 25216 EZ Ancor Stud Solver...

$14.34













30 Amp 120/240-Volt 7,200-Watt Fused...

$21.41













Kyme Ricky 50MM Squared Rectangle Sunglasses -...

$300.00
































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC























	Home | Microchip Technology Inc.






















































‹








Products
Applications
Design Support
Sample and Buy
About Us
Contact Us
myMicrochip Login







Microcontrollers and Microprocessors 

8-bit MCUs 
16-bit MCUs 
32-bit MCUs 
32-bit MPUs 



Analog 


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview 
Operational Amplifiers 
Instrumentation Amplifiers 
Comparators 
PGA 
Power/Current Monitors 



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview 
Analog-to-Digital Converter 
Digital Potentiometers 
Digital-to-Analog Converters 
Power and Energy Measurement 
F/V and V/F Converters 
Power/Current Sensors 
Voltage References 



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview 
MOSFETs – Interface 
Driver Arrays 
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers 
Application Specific 


Motor Drivers 

Power Management

Power Management Overview 
Voltage References 
Battery Management 
Charge Pumps 
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors 
LDO Regulators 
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers 
PWM Controllers 
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators 
Switching Regulators 
Voltage Detectors 
Power Modules 
Power Switches 
High Voltage Linear Regulators 



CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs 
Horn Driver ICs 



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview 
Local Temperature Sensors 
Remote Temperature Sensors 
Fan Controller ICs 
Thermocouple ICs 



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview 
Analog Multiplexers/Switches 
Beamformer Source Drivers 
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays 
Continuous Transmit Pulsers 
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters 
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs 
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers 





Clock and Timing 

Overview 
Clock Generation 
Oscillators 
Clock and Data Distribution 
Real-time Clock 



High-Speed Networking and Video 

Overview 
Ethernet 
ARCNET 
CoaXpress® 
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets 
Video Equalizers 
Video Transceivers 
Video Sub-Systems 
Clock and Data Recovery ICs 



Interface and Connectivity 

CoaXpress® 
CAN 
Infrared 
LIN 
Serial Peripherals 
USB 





Display and LED Drivers 

Display and LED Drivers Overview 
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers 
Automotive LED Drivers 
Backlight LED Drivers 
General-Purpose LED Drivers 
Linear Current Regulators 
Sequential Linear LED Drivers 
Camera Flash Drivers 



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O 

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview 
Desktop and Super I/O 
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers 
Expansion and Legacy I/O 



Programmable Logic 

SPLD/CPLD 
FPGA 
FPGA Configuration Memory 



Memory 

Serial EEPROM 
Serial EERAM 
Serial SRAM 
Serial Flash 
Parallel Flash 
Parallel EEPROM 
OTP EPROM 



Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 





Wireless 

Wireless Connectivity 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® Technology 
MiWi™ Protocol 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 
802.15.4 
Sigfox 
RF Identification 
IR Control 
Wireless Audio 



Smart Energy/Metering 

Overview 
Metering 
Power Line Communications 
Wireless Communications 



Rad Hard 

Overview 
Rad Hard ASICs 
Rad Hard Communication ICs 
Rad Hard FPGAs 
Rad Hard Memories 
Rad Hard Processors 
Rad Tolerant Devices 



Security ICs 

Security ICs Overview 

CryptoAuthentication

Overview 
Geting Started 
SHA Based 
ECC Based 
ECC-AWS IoT Based 
AES Based 



Trusted Platform Module

Overview 
TCG Version 1.2 



CryptoRF

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoRF 
CryptoRF Reader 



CryptoMemory

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V) 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V) 








Curiosity Development Board

Your next embedded design idea has a new home. Curiosity is a cost-effective, fully-integrated 8-bit development platform targeted at first-time users, makers and those seeking a feature-rich rapid prototyping board




MCP6V9X

This family of operational amplifiers provides input offset voltage correction for very low offset and offset drift, with a gain bandwidth product of 10 MHz.




DSC6000

The new DSC6000 family is the industry's smallest MEMS MHz oscillator with the lowest power consumption over full frequency range of 2 KHz to 100 MHz.




GigEpack Ethernet Products

 
Advanced design techniques ensure reliable operation under extreme conditions while stripping away complexity and advancing ease-of-use, the GigEpack provides three key elements: Certified Products, free drivers and copy-ready evaluation boards, and Microchip’s free LANCheck® design check service. Together, they ensure interoperability, rapid development and robust board design.
                                



UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement the revolutionary USB-C™ connector in practically any consumer, industrial or automotive application.




HV9805

The HV9805 features a PFC boost converter with valley/ZCD switching that reduces system cost by lessening the thermal and optical design requirements. The linear post-regular provides True DC lighting with no flickering and the configurable to SEPIC technology supports lower LED string voltage.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




SST26WF080B/040B

Manufactured with SuperFlash® technology that provides the industry's fastest erase times, the SST26WF080B (8 Mbit) and SST26WF040B (4 Mbit) are approximately 300 times faster than competitive devices.




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 Aerospace and Defense
 Audio and Speech

Automotive 

Automotive Solutions 
Automotive Connectivity 
Functional Safety 


 Battery Management
 CAN
 Computing

Displays 

Graphical Displays 
Segmented LCD 


 Embedded Security

Ethernet 

Ethernet Overview 
Ethernet of Everything 
USB-to-Ethernet 
Ethernet Controllers 
Ethernet Switches 
Ethernet PHYs 
EtherCAT® 




 High Temperature
 Home Appliance
 Intelligent Power
 Internet of Things
 Lighting
 Low Power
 LIN
 Medical

Metering 

Metering Overview 
Electric Meter 
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters 
Power Monitoring 




 Motor Control and Drive
 Power Monitoring
 Smart Energy/Metering
 Smartphone Accessories

Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - automotive and industrial touch screens 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



USB 

USB Overview 
USB Hubs and Devices 
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs 


 Wireless Audio

Wireless Connectivity 

Wireless Connectivity Overview 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® 
MiWi™ 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 






Lower Power High Performance ADC

Microchip is committed to providing military grade products for integration into present and future aerospace and defense sector programs. Our complete portfolio of microcontrollers, power, analog, digital, memory, RF, mixed-signal and interface




PIC32 Bluetooth Audio Development Kit (DV320032)

This kit delivers the hardware and software needed to develop digital audio docking applications with USB or Bluetooth connectivity. Preloaded demo code enables audio streaming via USB or Bluetooth.




OS82150

The OS82150 integrates a coaxial cable driver and coaxial receiver, extending the usage of coaxial cabling to enable powerful automotive infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




MCP73871 Fully Integrated Linear Solution

The MCP73871 device is a 1A fully integrated linear solution for system load sharing and Li-Ion / Li-Polymer battery charge management with AC-DC wall adapter and USB port power sources selection. It's also capable of autonomous power source selection between input or battery.




CAN FD Transceiver Family

The CAN Flexible Data Rate (CAN FD) Transceiver family helps CAN systems meet the physical layer requirement for CAN FD systems, and is one of only a few CAN FD transceivers approved by auto OEMs.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




TC7106A

The TC7106A 3½ digit LCD direct-display drive analog-to-digital converters allow existing TC7106-based systems to be upgraded. Each device has a precision reference with a 20ppm/°C max temperature coefficient. This represents a 4-7 times improvement over similar 3½ digit converters.




PIC24FJ128GB204

The new PIC24F "GB4" family expands Microchip's eXtreme Low Power portfolio and includes an integrated hardware crypto engine with both OTP and Key RAM options for secure key storage, up to 256 KB of Flash memory and a direct drive for segmented LCD displays, in 64-, 100- or 121-pin packages.




LAN9352/LAN9352i

The LAN9352/LAN9352i is a high-performance, small-footprint, full-featured 2-port managed Ethernet switch and is application-optimized for consumer, embedded and Industrial designs.




MCP2561/2 FD

This is a second generation high-speed CAN transceiver that guarantees Loop Delay Symmetry in order to support higher data rates required for CAN FD. Maximum propagation delay was improved to support longer bus length. The device meets the automotive requirements for CAN FD bit rates exceeding 5 Mbps.




Class B Safety Software Library

Microchip has developed a library of low-level software routines and hardware peripherals that simplify meeting IEC 60730 requirements for Class B Safety. Each product family (PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, dsPIC® DSC and PIC32) has functions specifically designed to work efficiently with the available resources.




dsPIC33EP "GS" Family for Digtal Power Applications

This family delivers the performance needed to implement more sophisticated non-linear, predictive & adaptive control algorithms at higher switching frequencies. These advanced algorithms enable power supply designs that are more energy efficient & have better power supply specifications.




WCM and ECM Development Kits

Microchip's WCM (Wi-Fi® Client Module) and ECM (Ethernet Client Module) development kits are designed to enable you to quickly and easily connect an embedded system to a cloud-based server, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). This will reduce the learning curve and help you get connected to the cloud quickly.




Smart Lights are Better Lights

Microchip's PIC® microcontrollers with intelligent analog integration like the PIC16F176X family make it possible to get advanced features such as digital control to smooth dimming, as well as color temperature tuning, usage-based lifetime prediction and networked communication for monitoring and control.




PIC24FJ256GB412

PIC24F 16-bit microcontroller featuring integrated Hardware Crypto module and eXtreme Low Power. This family also includes 256 KB Flash, 16 KB RAM, USB, LCD and advanced peripherals. The combination of features makes the part ideally suited for low-power embedded security applications.




OS82150

The OS82150 extends the usage of coaxial cabling to powerful infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




Is Your Medical Device Design Secured?

Is your medical device design truly secured? Microchip's full line of security products, including MCUs, wireless products and software libraries, can secure your medical device designs from the ground up.




MCP39F511

The MCP39F511 is a highly integrated, single-phase power-monitoring IC designed for real-time measurement of input power for AC/DC power supplies, providing power and energy values. It includes dual-channel delta sigma ADCs, a 16-bit calculation engine, EEPROM and a flexible 2-wire interface.




MCP8026

This is a 3-Phase brushless gate driver with power module & 5 µA (typ) sleep-mode current. It integrates three half-bridge drivers to drive external NMOS/NMOS transistor pairs configured to drive a 3-phase BLDC motor, a comparator, a voltage regulator to provide bias to a companion microcontroller & power monitoring comparators.




dsPIC33EP32MC202

The dsPIC33E family of digital signal controllers (DSCs) features a 70 MIPS dsPIC® DSC core with integrated DSP and enhanced on-chip peripherals. These DSCs enable the design of high-performance, precision motor control systems that are more energy efficient, quieter in operation.




Single-Burner Induction Cooktop Reference Design

This cost-effective single-burner induction cooktop reference design is a fully functional single-burner unit that achieves greater than 90%* efficiency and consumes less than 0.5W power during standby. The user interface implements mTouch® sensing solutions.




Smartphone Accessory

New accessories are emerging in sports/fitness, wellness, financial transactions markets. Microchip's accessory development kits make it easy to development your accessory products with fast time-to-market!




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement USB-C in practically any application, whether consumer, industrial, or automotive.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 New to Microchip?

Development Tools 

Development Tools Overview 
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards 

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions 
MPLAB® X IDE 
MPLAB® XC Compilers 
MPLAB® Code Configurator 
MPLAB® Xpress 
MPLAB® Harmony 
Microchip Libraries for Applications 
Software Libraries 
Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators 
Emulation Extention Paks 
Programmers 



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE 
Data Visualizer 
Compilers 
Atmel START 
MCU Software Library 
Atmel Gallery 



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers 
Programmers 



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols 
SPICE Models 
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator 
MindiSWLib 
IBIS Models 
Clockworks® Configurator 
BSDL 


Third-Party Development Tools 



Documentation 

Application Notes 
Data Sheets 
Erratas 
Packaging Specifications 
Programming Specifications 
Reference Manuals 
User Guides 
Product Briefs 
Migration Documents 



Training 

Training Overview 
Developer Help Wiki 
Webinars 
Microchip Videos 
MASTERs Conference 
Technical Training Center 




 Forums
 Design Partner Network
 Product Change Notification

Quality and Reliability 

Quality 
Reliability 




 Technical Support

Software 

Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 


 Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks




Need Help?

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.




PICKIT™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer

Microchip's PICkit™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer uses in-circuit debugging logic incorporated into each chip with Flash memory to provide a low-cost hardware debugger and programmer. In-circuit debugging offers low cost, minimum additional debug hardware and no expensive sockets or adapters




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Conferences, Tradeshows and Events

Microchip attends conferences and events around the world, visit our events page to see where we will be exhibiting next.




Microchip in the Press

View our latest announcements on products, corporate news and investor press announcements.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or about content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.







 Global Sales and Distribution
 microchipDIRECT
 Samples


 Programming Center
 Samples FAQ
 Sales Support


 Find Your Sales Office
 Getting Started With Microchip Products




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

Published six times a year, MicroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information to give you a competitive edge and help you meet your design goals. In each issue, you'll get an update on our new products and development tools, find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used by developers of a variety of applications.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.








Company Information 

About 
Corporate Overview 
Acquisitions 
Notice of Fraudulent Behavior 



Leadership 

Leadership Overview 
Board of Directors 
Appointed Officers 


 Investor Relations

Careers 

Careers Overview 
Microchip's Culture 
US Benefits 
Meet Your Recruiter 
Career Ladder 
Hiring Process 
Employee Testimonials 





Media Center 

Press Releases 
RSS Feeds 
Microchip Videos 


 MicroSolutions Digital Magazine
 Tradeshows and Events
 Academic Program



Corporate Responsibility 

Corporate Responsibility Overview 
Ethics and Conduct 
Sustainability 
Conflict Minerals 
Environment 
Community 
Products 
Customers 
Employees 
Environmental Health and Safety 



Legal Information 

Legal Information Overview 
General Product Legal Information 
Microchip Trademarks 
Microchip Patents 
Website Usage and Limitation of Liability 
Microchip Terms and Conditions of Sale 
Privacy Policy 
Copyrighted Material 
Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyrighted Infringement 


 Export Control Data
 Contact Us




























Featured Products

CAN FD Transceiver FamilyAutomotive approved with superior performance
PIC32 Value FamilyFeature-packed devices with high performance options.
PAC1921World's first sensor to characterize or measure power, current and voltage.
PIC24FJ256GB412Includes an integrated crypto engine and up to 256 KB of Flash memory.
 LoRa®  Wireless ModulesModules for long-range and low-power IoT networks. 
PIC16F18877 Family of DevicesWith Core Independent Peripherals to perform a wide variety of functions.








Announcements
Letter to our clients
Register here for Master 2017 Phoenix
Notice of fraudulent emails
Dev Tools Customer Letter
ATML Cost Basis Info
Additional Atmel Information








One project design environment for all of Microchip’s microcontrollers and digital signal controllers that works seamlessly with our compilers, debuggers, programmers and emulators on Windows®, Mac OS® and Linux® operating systems.








Resources

Microchip Advanced Parts Selector - MAPS
Development Tools Selector - DTS
Analog and Interface Products Presentation (Treelink)
Packaging & Specifications
Parametric Search Tool
Global Sales  & Distribution
MASTERs Conference
New to Microchip?
Microchip Careers
Media Center








Products
Collapse

Applications
Expand

Design Support
Expand




Products



Microcontrollers and Microprocessors

8-bit MCUs
16-bit MCUs
32-bit MCUs
32-bit MPUs



Analog


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview
Operational Amplifiers
Instrumentation Amplifiers
Comparators
PGA
Power/Current Monitors



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview
Analog-to-Digital Converter
Digital Potentiometers
Digital-to-Analog Converters
Power and Energy Measurement
F/V and V/F Converters
Power/Current Sensors
Voltage References



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview
MOSFETs – Interface
Driver Arrays
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers
Application Specific


Motor Drivers

Power Management

Power Management Overview
Voltage References
Battery Management
Charge Pumps
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors
LDO Regulators
Power MOSFET Drivers
Power MOSFETs
Hybrid PWM Controllers
PWM Controllers
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators
Switching Regulators
Voltage Detectors
Power Modules
Power Switches
High Voltage Linear Regulators



CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs
Horn Driver ICs



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview
Local Temperature Sensors
Remote Temperature Sensors
Fan Controller ICs
Thermocouple ICs



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview
Analog Multiplexers/Switches
Beamformer Source Drivers
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays
Continuous Transmit Pulsers
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers





Clock and Timing

Overview
Clock Generation
Oscillators
Clock and Data Distribution
Real-time Clock



High-Speed Networking and Video

Overview
Ethernet
ARCNET
CoaXpress®
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets
Video Equalizers
Video Transceivers
Video Sub-Systems
Clock and Data Recovery ICs



Interface and Connectivity

CoaXpress®
CAN
Infrared
LIN
Serial Peripherals
USB



Display and LED Drivers

Display and LED Drivers Overview
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers
Automotive LED Drivers
Backlight LED Drivers
General-Purpose LED Drivers
Linear Current Regulators
Sequential Linear LED Drivers
Camera Flash Drivers



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview
Desktop and Super I/O
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers
Expansion and Legacy I/O



Programmable Logic

SPLD/CPLD
FPGA
FPGA Configuration Memory



Memory

Serial EEPROM
Serial EERAM
Serial SRAM
Serial Flash
Parallel Flash
Parallel EEPROM
OTP EPROM



Touch and Gesture

Touch and Gesture Overview
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels
2D Touch – maXTouch<sup>&reg;</sup> - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads
3D Gestures



Wireless

Wireless Connectivity
Wi-Fi®
Bluetooth®
LoRa® Technology
MiWi™ Protocol
Sub-GHz
zigbee®
Infrared
Power Amplifiers
802.15.4
Sigfox
RF Identification
IR Control
Wireless Audio



Smart Energy/Metering

Overview
Metering
Power Line Communications
Wireless Communications



Rad Hard

Overview
Rad Hard ASICs
Rad Hard Communication ICs
Rad Hard FPGAs
Rad Hard Memories
Rad Hard Processors
Rad Tolerant Devices



Security ICs

Security ICs Overview

CryptoAuthentication

Overview
Geting Started
SHA Based
ECC Based
ECC-AWS IoT Based
AES Based



Trusted Platform Module

Overview
TCG Version 1.2



CryptoRF

Overview
CryptoCompanion
CryptoRF
CryptoRF Reader



CryptoMemory

Overview
CryptoCompanion
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V)
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V)








Applications



Aerospace and Defense




Audio and Speech




Automotive

Automotive Solutions
Automotive Connectivity
Functional Safety



Battery Management




CAN




Computing




Displays

Graphical Displays
Segmented LCD



Embedded Security




Ethernet

Ethernet Overview
Ethernet of Everything
USB-to-Ethernet
Ethernet Controllers
Ethernet Switches
Ethernet PHYs
EtherCAT®



High Temperature




Home Appliance




Intelligent Power




Internet of Things




Lighting




Low Power




LIN




Medical




Metering

Metering Overview
Electric Meter
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters
Power Monitoring



Motor Control and Drive




Power Monitoring




Smart Energy/Metering




Smartphone Accessories




Touch and Gesture

Touch and Gesture Overview
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels
2D Touch – maXTouch<sup>&reg;</sup> - automotive and industrial touch screens
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads
3D Gestures



USB

USB Overview
USB Hubs and Devices
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs



Wireless Audio




Wireless Connectivity

Wireless Connectivity Overview
Wi-Fi®
Bluetooth®
LoRa®
MiWi™
Sub-GHz
zigbee®
Infrared
Power Amplifiers






Design Support



New to Microchip?




Development Tools

Development Tools Overview
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions
MPLAB® X IDE
MPLAB® XC Compilers
MPLAB® Code Configurator
MPLAB® Xpress
MPLAB® Harmony
Microchip Libraries for Applications
Software Libraries
Code Examples
Embedded Code Source



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators
Emulation Extention Paks
Programmers



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE
Data Visualizer
Compilers
Atmel START
MCU Software Library
Atmel Gallery



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers
Programmers



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols
SPICE Models
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator
MindiSWLib
IBIS Models
Clockworks® Configurator
BSDL


Third-Party Development Tools



Documentation

Application Notes
Data Sheets
Erratas
Packaging Specifications
Programming Specifications
Reference Manuals
User Guides
Product Briefs
Migration Documents



Training

Training Overview
Developer Help Wiki
Webinars
Microchip Videos
MASTERs Conference
Technical Training Center



Forums




Design Partner Network




Product Change Notification




Quality and Reliability

Quality
Reliability



Technical Support




Software

Code Examples
Embedded Code Source



Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks














MASTERs 2017
Training Dates: August 16-19, 2017












Building the Future with AVR® MCUs
The New tinyAVR® Microcontroller Series












Ethernet GigEpack Devices
Delivering Compliance, Software & LANcheck® Services




































Recent News



Product Press




Corporate Press




Investor Press




















Microchip Technology - Wikipedia






















 






Microchip Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Microchip Technology





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: MCHP
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Semiconductors


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Chandler, Arizona,
United States



Key people

Steve Sanghi, Chairman & CEO
J. Eric Bjornholt, CFO
Ganesh Moorthy, President & COO


Products
Microcontrollers
Serial EEPROMs
Serial SRAM
Analog ICs


Revenue
$2.173 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

10,000+ (2016) <>[2]


Website
www.microchip.com






A 1988 vintage Microchip PIC16CR54 with the Apple Desktop Bus protocol pre-programmed, before they became an independent company, as used in a Macintosh SE.


Microchip Technology is an American manufacturer of microcontroller, memory and analog semiconductors. Its products include microcontrollers (PICmicro, dsPIC / PIC24, PIC32, AVR, AVR32 and SAM), Serial EEPROM devices, Serial SRAM devices, KEELOQ devices, radio frequency (RF) devices, thermal, power and battery management analog devices, as well as linear, interface and mixed signal devices. Some of the interface devices include USB, ZigBee/MiWi, Controller Area Network, LoRa, SIGFOX and Ethernet.
Corporate headquarters is located at Chandler, Arizona with wafer fabs in Tempe, Arizona, Gresham, Oregon and Colorado Springs, Colorado, assembly/test facilities in Chachoengsao, Thailand. Sales for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2016 were $2,173,334,000.[2]
Among its chief competitors are Analog Devices, Infineon, Maxim Integrated Products, NXP Semiconductors (previously Philips and purchased Freescale), Renesas Electronics, STMicroelectronics, and Texas Instruments.



Contents


1 History
2 Products

2.1 Microcontrollers
2.2 Integrated circuits


3 Acquisitions

3.1 HI-TECH Software
3.2 Silicon Storage Technology


4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Microchip Technology was founded in 1987 when General Instrument spun off its microelectronics division as a wholly owned subsidiary.[3] Microchip Technology became an independent company in 1989 when it was acquired by a group of venture capitalists, and went public in 1993.[4]
In April 2009, Microchip Technology announced the nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers (With World’s Lowest Sleep Current).[5] Microchip Technology had sold more than 6 billion microcontrollers as of 2009.[6]
In April 2010, Microchip acquired Silicon Storage Technology (SST),[7] and sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems in May that year.[8]
As of 2011, Microchip Technology ships over a billion processors every year. In September 2011, Microchip Technology shipped the 10 billionth PIC microcontroller.[9]
In August 2012, Microchip acquired Standard Microsystems Corporation (SMSC).[10] Among SMSC's assets were those it had previously acquired from Symwave, a start-up that specialized in USB 3.0 chips, and two hi-fi wireless audio companies — Kleer Semiconductor and Wireless Audio IP BV.[11][12][13]
In January 2016, Microchip agreed to buy Atmel for $3.56 billion.[14][15][16] JPMorgan Chase advised Microchip while Qatalyst Partners advised Atmel.[17]
Products[edit]
Microchip develops a wide range of microcontrollers and integrated circuits (ICs), for the hobbyist and professional markets.
Microcontrollers[edit]
Microchip is widely known for their line of PIC microcontrollers, and their MCU-related product line includes:

PIC microcontrollers

8-bit MCUs - PIC10, PIC12, PIC16, PIC18
16-bit MCUs - PIC24, dsPIC
32-bit MCUs - PIC32MX, PIC32MZ
Legacy Intel MCS-51 MCUs
KEELOQ MCUs for security applications
rfPIC MCUs for wireless sensor applications


AVR Microcontrollers
SAM ARM-based Microntrollers and Microprocessors
Computer software

MPLAB IDE
MPLAB Xpress
C and C++ compilers for PIC/dsPIC MCUs
Code libraries for PIC/dsPIC MCUs


Development hardware

MPLAB series (debuggers & programmers for professionals)
PICkit series (programmers for hobbyists and students)



Integrated circuits[edit]
The Microchip product line of integrated circuits include:

Memory storage devices

Serial EEPROM chips
Serial SRAM chips
Serial Flash chips
Parallel Flash chips


Interface devices

USB controllers
ZigBee/MiWi controllers
CAN/LIN controllers
Ethernet controllers


Power management devices

Battery charge controllers (Li-Ion, NiMH, Multi-Chemistry)
Power MOSFETs
Voltage regulators


Motor drivers

PWM-based controllers
DC motor controllers
BLDC motor controllers


Touch sensing

mTouch (capacitive sensor technology)
RightTouch (turn-key capacitive sensor technology)
GestIC (3D Tracking and gesture detection technology)
Haptics (Eccentric Rotating Mass (ERM) actuators)


Ultrasound devices

Ultrasound switches
Ultrasound transmitters



Acquisitions[edit]
HI-TECH Software[edit]
HI-TECH Software was an Australian-based company that provides ANSI C compilers and development tools. Founded in 1984, the company is best known for its HI-TECH C PRO compilers with whole-program compilation technology, or Omniscient Code Generation (OCG).[18][19] HI-TECH Software was bought by Microchip on 20 February 2009,[20] whereupon it refocused its development effort exclusively on supporting Microchip products.[21]
Supported manufacturers and architectures :

Microchip PIC10, PIC12, PIC14, PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, PIC32 and dsPIC
Cypress PSoC's
Silicon Laboratories MCUs
8051 MCUs
Z80 for CP/M[22] and Z80 cross compiler.

Silicon Storage Technology[edit]




EPROM 28EE011 made by SST


Silicon Storage Technology, Inc. (SST) was a Sunnyvale, California, United States, technology company producing non-volatile memory devices and related products.[23][24] SST supplied NOR flash and other integrated circuits for high-volume applications.[25]
Bing Yeh co-founded SST in August 1989, and served as its chief executive.[26]
At the 1992 Fall COMDEX trade show, SST introduced the first single-board 30 MB 2.5” solid-state drive with standard hard-disk ATA interface and a 5 MB PC Card memory card with built-in controller and firmware.[27]
In 1993, SST moved its headquarters to Sunnyvale. That same year, SST introduced its first SuperFlash technology products, with lower costs and faster write speeds. By the end of 1995, more than 90% of the PC motherboards produced in Taiwan had adopted SST's 1 Mbit SuperFlash EEPROM product for the BIOS storage.[citation needed] The company had its initial public offering November 21, 1995, trading on the NASDAQ market under the symbol SSTI.[28] Analytical models of SuperFlash were published.[29][30] A five-year licensing agreement was announced in January 1999 with Acer Inc..[31] A 1997 lawsuit filed by Intel was settled in May 1999 after mediation.[32]
In 2004, SST began to diversify beyond flash memory products, targeting consumer and industrial products with embedded solid-state data storage and RF wireless communication.[33] In September 2004 SST purchased a majority stake in Emosyn, which designed products for SIM cards. In October it announced the acquisition of G-Plus, based in Santa Monica, California.[33]
In 2006, SST announced a joint development agreement with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) to develop 90 nm SuperFlash technology.[34]
SST had its stock option grant practices investigated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, ending in June 2008.[35] It determined it needed to restate earnings, and was given a de-listing notice by NASDAQ for filing late reports from 2006 through 2007.[36] Business slowed in the Great Recession.The company announced a loss on reduced revenues, reducing its workforce by 17% in December 2008.[37]
In November 2009, Technology Resource Holdings offered to acquire the company for about $200 million, but a group of shareholders thought it was undervalued.[38] Starting in February 2010, private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management and public company Microchip Technology both made offers to acquire SST.[39][40] In April 2010, Microchip completed the acquisition for about $292 million.[41][42] Microchip sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems (founded by Yeh) in May of that year.[43]

SMSC
Atmel
Micrel
ISSC Technologies Corporation
Supertex
EqcoLogic Inc.

Acquisitions
References[edit]


^ *[1]
^ a b "2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). [2]
^ "General Instrument Microelectronics Renamed". Archived from the original on 2004-12-13. 
^ "Microchip Investor Relations - FAQs". 
^ Quick, Darren. "nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers claim world’s lowest sleep current" gizmag April 30, 2009
^ Brian Santo (May 2009). "25 Microchips That Shook the World". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved 2012-04-01. 
^ "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. April 8, 2010. Retrieved 2016-02-22. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. 
^ Microchip Technology Delivers 10 Billionth PIC® Microcontroller
^ "Microchip Technology and SMSC announce the completion of the acquisition of SMSC by Microchip Technology" (PDF) (Press release). Retrieved 2012-08-29. 
^ Mark LaPedus, November 15, 2010 SMSC acquires Symwave, EE Times
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1256626
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1173085
^ "Microchip To Buy Atmel in Latest Semiconductor Deal". Fortune. January 20, 2016. 
^ Assis, Claudia. "Microchip Technology buys chip maker Atmel in $3.56 billion deal". MarketWatch. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ By. "Microchip To Acquire Atmel for $3.56 Billion". Hackaday. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-01-19). "Microchip Technology to Buy Atmel for Nearly $3.6 Billion". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Whole Program C Compiler Optimizes Across Modules
^ Omniscient Code Generation - A whole-program compilation technology for superior code density and performance
^ http://www.search.asic.gov.au/cgi-bin/gns030c?acn=002_724_549&juris=9&hdtext=ACN&srchsrc=1
^ HI-TECH Customer Letter
^ The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine saved a copy of the compiler, available here and a installing turorial is available here.
^ Christensen, Clayton M. (1997). The innovator's dilemma: when new technologies cause great firms to fail. Boston, Mass.: Harvard Business School Press. p. 50. ISBN 978-0-87584-585-2. 
^ "SST Reports Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results". Press release. Silicon Storage Technology. July 28, 2009. Archived from the original on August 8, 2009. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage Technology". StorageSearch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-04. 
^ Saxenian, AnnaLee (1999). Silicon Valley's new immigrant entrepreneurs. San Francisco: Public Policy Institute of California. p. 92. ISBN 978-1-58213-009-5. 
^ "Pioneers of the Digital Revolution". Goldsea Asian American Daily. 2006. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Annual report for the Year ending December 31, 1996". Form 10K. US Securities and Exchange Commission. March 27, 1997. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ H. Guan, D. Lee, and G. P. Lee (March 2003). "An analytical model for optimization of programming efficiency and uniformity of split gate source-side injection SuperFlash memory". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 50 (3): 809–815. doi:10.1109/TED.2003.811416. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Xian Liu, V. Markov, A. Kotov, Tho Ngoc Dang, A. Levi, I. Yue, A. Wang, and R. Qian (October 2006). "Endurance Characteristics of SuperFlash Memory". 8th International Conference on Solid-State and Integrated Circuit Technology: 763–765. doi:10.1109/ICSICT.2006.306479. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "Chips are up for Acer: Deal with SST to bring welcome cash boost". The Register. January 14, 1999. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mike Magee (May 14, 1999). "Intel and Silicon Storage settle lawsuit: A mediator has mediated". The Register. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b "SST 2004 Annual Report" (PDF). SST. April 22, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on August 1, 2012. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Nancy Gohring (August 21, 2006). "SST, TSMC to jointly develop 90nm SuperFlash: Companies plan to be the first on the market with licensable 90nm embedded flash technology". Info World. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST back in Nasdaq compliance, SEC investigation ends". San Jose Business Journal. July 7, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST gets Nasdaq warning over late financials". San Jose Business Journal. August 17, 2007. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage lowers outlook, cuts jobs". San Jose Business Journal. December 17, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mary Duan (January 5, 2010). "Shareholder group fights SSTI acquisition". San Jose Business Journal. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Raises Bid for Silicon Storage". New York Times Deal Book. March 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Andrew Johnson (March 9, 2010). "Microchip ups bid for tech company". The Arizona Republic. 
^ Mark LaPedus (April 8, 2010). "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Sews Up Silicon Storage Deal". New York Times Deal Book. April 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official Microchip Technology Inc. website
Official Microchip IC wiki



Business data for Microchip Technology: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Microchip Technology



Products



PIC and dsPIC

Instruction set
PIC16x84


KeeLoq
MiWi





Development tools



MPLAB
ICD & REAL ICE
PICkit
ICSP





Third Party



PICAXE
OOPic
Maximite
Parallax SX
Flowcode
IOIO












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx








Companies portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Microchip_Technology&oldid=790199683"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQMicrochip Technology hardwareSemiconductor companiesElectronics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Chandler, ArizonaComputer companies established in 1989Electronics companies established in 1989Science and technology in ArizonaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterArticles needing additional references from July 2013All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDeutschEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 06:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.






















	Home | Microchip Technology Inc.




















































‹








Products
Applications
Design Support
Sample and Buy
About Us
Contact Us
myMicrochip Login







Microcontrollers and Microprocessors 

8-bit MCUs 
16-bit MCUs 
32-bit MCUs 
32-bit MPUs 



Analog 


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview 
Operational Amplifiers 
Instrumentation Amplifiers 
Comparators 
PGA 
Power/Current Monitors 



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview 
Analog-to-Digital Converter 
Digital Potentiometers 
Digital-to-Analog Converters 
Power and Energy Measurement 
F/V and V/F Converters 
Power/Current Sensors 
Voltage References 



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview 
MOSFETs – Interface 
Driver Arrays 
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers 
Application Specific 


Motor Drivers 

Power Management

Power Management Overview 
Voltage References 
Battery Management 
Charge Pumps 
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors 
LDO Regulators 
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers 
PWM Controllers 
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators 
Switching Regulators 
Voltage Detectors 
Power Modules 
Power Switches 
High Voltage Linear Regulators 



CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs 
Horn Driver ICs 



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview 
Local Temperature Sensors 
Remote Temperature Sensors 
Fan Controller ICs 
Thermocouple ICs 



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview 
Analog Multiplexers/Switches 
Beamformer Source Drivers 
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays 
Continuous Transmit Pulsers 
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters 
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs 
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers 





Clock and Timing 

Overview 
Clock Generation 
Oscillators 
Clock and Data Distribution 
Real-time Clock 



High-Speed Networking and Video 

Overview 
Ethernet 
ARCNET 
CoaXpress® 
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets 
Video Equalizers 
Video Transceivers 
Video Sub-Systems 
Clock and Data Recovery ICs 



Interface and Connectivity 

CoaXpress® 
CAN 
Infrared 
LIN 
Serial Peripherals 
USB 





Display and LED Drivers 

Display and LED Drivers Overview 
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers 
Automotive LED Drivers 
Backlight LED Drivers 
General-Purpose LED Drivers 
Linear Current Regulators 
Sequential Linear LED Drivers 
Camera Flash Drivers 



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O 

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview 
Desktop and Super I/O 
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers 
Expansion and Legacy I/O 



Programmable Logic 

SPLD/CPLD 
FPGA 
FPGA Configuration Memory 



Memory 

Serial EEPROM 
Serial EERAM 
Serial SRAM 
Serial Flash 
Parallel Flash 
Parallel EEPROM 
OTP EPROM 



Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 





Wireless 

Wireless Connectivity 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® Technology 
MiWi™ Protocol 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 
802.15.4 
Sigfox 
RF Identification 
IR Control 
Wireless Audio 



Smart Energy/Metering 

Overview 
Metering 
Power Line Communications 
Wireless Communications 



Rad Hard 

Overview 
Rad Hard ASICs 
Rad Hard Communication ICs 
Rad Hard FPGAs 
Rad Hard Memories 
Rad Hard Processors 
Rad Tolerant Devices 



Security ICs 

Security ICs Overview 

CryptoAuthentication

Overview 
Geting Started 
SHA Based 
ECC Based 
ECC-AWS IoT Based 
AES Based 



Trusted Platform Module

Overview 
TCG Version 1.2 



CryptoRF

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoRF 
CryptoRF Reader 



CryptoMemory

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V) 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V) 








Curiosity Development Board

Your next embedded design idea has a new home. Curiosity is a cost-effective, fully-integrated 8-bit development platform targeted at first-time users, makers and those seeking a feature-rich rapid prototyping board




MCP6V9X

This family of operational amplifiers provides input offset voltage correction for very low offset and offset drift, with a gain bandwidth product of 10 MHz.




DSC6000

The new DSC6000 family is the industry's smallest MEMS MHz oscillator with the lowest power consumption over full frequency range of 2 KHz to 100 MHz.




GigEpack Ethernet Products

 
Advanced design techniques ensure reliable operation under extreme conditions while stripping away complexity and advancing ease-of-use, the GigEpack provides three key elements: Certified Products, free drivers and copy-ready evaluation boards, and Microchip’s free LANCheck® design check service. Together, they ensure interoperability, rapid development and robust board design.
                                



UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement the revolutionary USB-C™ connector in practically any consumer, industrial or automotive application.




HV9805

The HV9805 features a PFC boost converter with valley/ZCD switching that reduces system cost by lessening the thermal and optical design requirements. The linear post-regular provides True DC lighting with no flickering and the configurable to SEPIC technology supports lower LED string voltage.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




SST26WF080B/040B

Manufactured with SuperFlash® technology that provides the industry's fastest erase times, the SST26WF080B (8 Mbit) and SST26WF040B (4 Mbit) are approximately 300 times faster than competitive devices.




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 Aerospace and Defense
 Audio and Speech

Automotive 

Automotive Solutions 
Automotive Connectivity 
Functional Safety 


 Battery Management
 CAN
 Computing

Displays 

Graphical Displays 
Segmented LCD 


 Embedded Security

Ethernet 

Ethernet Overview 
Ethernet of Everything 
USB-to-Ethernet 
Ethernet Controllers 
Ethernet Switches 
Ethernet PHYs 
EtherCAT® 




 High Temperature
 Home Appliance
 Intelligent Power
 Internet of Things
 Lighting
 Low Power
 LIN
 Medical

Metering 

Metering Overview 
Electric Meter 
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters 
Power Monitoring 




 Motor Control and Drive
 Power Monitoring
 Smart Energy/Metering
 Smartphone Accessories

Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - automotive and industrial touch screens 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



USB 

USB Overview 
USB Hubs and Devices 
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs 


 Wireless Audio

Wireless Connectivity 

Wireless Connectivity Overview 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® 
MiWi™ 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 






Lower Power High Performance ADC

Microchip is committed to providing military grade products for integration into present and future aerospace and defense sector programs. Our complete portfolio of microcontrollers, power, analog, digital, memory, RF, mixed-signal and interface




PIC32 Bluetooth Audio Development Kit (DV320032)

This kit delivers the hardware and software needed to develop digital audio docking applications with USB or Bluetooth connectivity. Preloaded demo code enables audio streaming via USB or Bluetooth.




OS82150

The OS82150 integrates a coaxial cable driver and coaxial receiver, extending the usage of coaxial cabling to enable powerful automotive infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




MCP73871 Fully Integrated Linear Solution

The MCP73871 device is a 1A fully integrated linear solution for system load sharing and Li-Ion / Li-Polymer battery charge management with AC-DC wall adapter and USB port power sources selection. It's also capable of autonomous power source selection between input or battery.




CAN FD Transceiver Family

The CAN Flexible Data Rate (CAN FD) Transceiver family helps CAN systems meet the physical layer requirement for CAN FD systems, and is one of only a few CAN FD transceivers approved by auto OEMs.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




TC7106A

The TC7106A 3½ digit LCD direct-display drive analog-to-digital converters allow existing TC7106-based systems to be upgraded. Each device has a precision reference with a 20ppm/°C max temperature coefficient. This represents a 4-7 times improvement over similar 3½ digit converters.




PIC24FJ128GB204

The new PIC24F "GB4" family expands Microchip's eXtreme Low Power portfolio and includes an integrated hardware crypto engine with both OTP and Key RAM options for secure key storage, up to 256 KB of Flash memory and a direct drive for segmented LCD displays, in 64-, 100- or 121-pin packages.




LAN9352/LAN9352i

The LAN9352/LAN9352i is a high-performance, small-footprint, full-featured 2-port managed Ethernet switch and is application-optimized for consumer, embedded and Industrial designs.




MCP2561/2 FD

This is a second generation high-speed CAN transceiver that guarantees Loop Delay Symmetry in order to support higher data rates required for CAN FD. Maximum propagation delay was improved to support longer bus length. The device meets the automotive requirements for CAN FD bit rates exceeding 5 Mbps.




Class B Safety Software Library

Microchip has developed a library of low-level software routines and hardware peripherals that simplify meeting IEC 60730 requirements for Class B Safety. Each product family (PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, dsPIC® DSC and PIC32) has functions specifically designed to work efficiently with the available resources.




dsPIC33EP "GS" Family for Digtal Power Applications

This family delivers the performance needed to implement more sophisticated non-linear, predictive & adaptive control algorithms at higher switching frequencies. These advanced algorithms enable power supply designs that are more energy efficient & have better power supply specifications.




WCM and ECM Development Kits

Microchip's WCM (Wi-Fi® Client Module) and ECM (Ethernet Client Module) development kits are designed to enable you to quickly and easily connect an embedded system to a cloud-based server, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). This will reduce the learning curve and help you get connected to the cloud quickly.




Smart Lights are Better Lights

Microchip's PIC® microcontrollers with intelligent analog integration like the PIC16F176X family make it possible to get advanced features such as digital control to smooth dimming, as well as color temperature tuning, usage-based lifetime prediction and networked communication for monitoring and control.




PIC24FJ256GB412

PIC24F 16-bit microcontroller featuring integrated Hardware Crypto module and eXtreme Low Power. This family also includes 256 KB Flash, 16 KB RAM, USB, LCD and advanced peripherals. The combination of features makes the part ideally suited for low-power embedded security applications.




OS82150

The OS82150 extends the usage of coaxial cabling to powerful infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




Is Your Medical Device Design Secured?

Is your medical device design truly secured? Microchip's full line of security products, including MCUs, wireless products and software libraries, can secure your medical device designs from the ground up.




MCP39F511

The MCP39F511 is a highly integrated, single-phase power-monitoring IC designed for real-time measurement of input power for AC/DC power supplies, providing power and energy values. It includes dual-channel delta sigma ADCs, a 16-bit calculation engine, EEPROM and a flexible 2-wire interface.




MCP8026

This is a 3-Phase brushless gate driver with power module & 5 µA (typ) sleep-mode current. It integrates three half-bridge drivers to drive external NMOS/NMOS transistor pairs configured to drive a 3-phase BLDC motor, a comparator, a voltage regulator to provide bias to a companion microcontroller & power monitoring comparators.




dsPIC33EP32MC202

The dsPIC33E family of digital signal controllers (DSCs) features a 70 MIPS dsPIC® DSC core with integrated DSP and enhanced on-chip peripherals. These DSCs enable the design of high-performance, precision motor control systems that are more energy efficient, quieter in operation.




Single-Burner Induction Cooktop Reference Design

This cost-effective single-burner induction cooktop reference design is a fully functional single-burner unit that achieves greater than 90%* efficiency and consumes less than 0.5W power during standby. The user interface implements mTouch® sensing solutions.




Smartphone Accessory

New accessories are emerging in sports/fitness, wellness, financial transactions markets. Microchip's accessory development kits make it easy to development your accessory products with fast time-to-market!




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement USB-C in practically any application, whether consumer, industrial, or automotive.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.







 New to Microchip?

Development Tools 

Development Tools Overview 
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards 

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions 
MPLAB® X IDE 
MPLAB® XC Compilers 
MPLAB® Code Configurator 
MPLAB® Xpress 
MPLAB® Harmony 
Microchip Libraries for Applications 
Software Libraries 
Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators 
Emulation Extention Paks 
Programmers 



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE 
Data Visualizer 
Compilers 
Atmel START 
MCU Software Library 
Atmel Gallery 



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers 
Programmers 



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols 
SPICE Models 
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator 
MindiSWLib 
IBIS Models 
Clockworks® Configurator 
BSDL 


Third-Party Development Tools 



Documentation 

Application Notes 
Data Sheets 
Erratas 
Packaging Specifications 
Programming Specifications 
Reference Manuals 
User Guides 
Product Briefs 
Migration Documents 



Training 

Training Overview 
Developer Help Wiki 
Webinars 
Microchip Videos 
MASTERs Conference 
Technical Training Center 




 Forums
 Design Partner Network
 Product Change Notification

Quality and Reliability 

Quality 
Reliability 




 Technical Support

Software 

Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 


 Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks




Need Help?

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.




PICKIT™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer

Microchip's PICkit™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer uses in-circuit debugging logic incorporated into each chip with Flash memory to provide a low-cost hardware debugger and programmer. In-circuit debugging offers low cost, minimum additional debug hardware and no expensive sockets or adapters




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Conferences, Tradeshows and Events

Microchip attends conferences and events around the world, visit our events page to see where we will be exhibiting next.




Microchip in the Press

View our latest announcements on products, corporate news and investor press announcements.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or about content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.







 Global Sales and Distribution
 microchipDIRECT
 Samples


 Programming Center
 Samples FAQ
 Sales Support


 Find Your Sales Office
 Getting Started With Microchip Products




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

Published six times a year, MicroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information to give you a competitive edge and help you meet your design goals. In each issue, you'll get an update on our new products and development tools, find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used by developers of a variety of applications.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.








Company Information 

About 
Corporate Overview 
Acquisitions 
Notice of Fraudulent Behavior 



Leadership 

Leadership Overview 
Board of Directors 
Appointed Officers 


 Investor Relations

Careers 

Careers Overview 
Microchip's Culture 
US Benefits 
Meet Your Recruiter 
Career Ladder 
Hiring Process 
Employee Testimonials 





Media Center 

Press Releases 
RSS Feeds 
Microchip Videos 


 MicroSolutions Digital Magazine
 Tradeshows and Events
 Academic Program



Corporate Responsibility 

Corporate Responsibility Overview 
Ethics and Conduct 
Sustainability 
Conflict Minerals 
Environment 
Community 
Products 
Customers 
Employees 
Environmental Health and Safety 



Legal Information 

Legal Information Overview 
General Product Legal Information 
Microchip Trademarks 
Microchip Patents 
Website Usage and Limitation of Liability 
Microchip Terms and Conditions of Sale 
Privacy Policy 
Copyrighted Material 
Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyrighted Infringement 


 Export Control Data
 Contact Us




























Featured Products

CAN FD Transceiver FamilyAutomotive approved with superior performance
PIC32 Value FamilyFeature-packed devices with high performance options.
PAC1921World's first sensor to characterize or measure power, current and voltage.
PIC24FJ256GB412Includes an integrated crypto engine and up to 256 KB of Flash memory.
 LoRa®  Wireless ModulesModules for long-range and low-power IoT networks. 
PIC16F18877 Family of DevicesWith Core Independent Peripherals to perform a wide variety of functions.








Announcements
Letter to our clients
Register here for Master 2017 Phoenix
Notice of fraudulent emails
Dev Tools Customer Letter
ATML Cost Basis Info
Additional Atmel Information








One project design environment for all of Microchip’s microcontrollers and digital signal controllers that works seamlessly with our compilers, debuggers, programmers and emulators on Windows®, Mac OS® and Linux® operating systems.








Resources

Microchip Advanced Parts Selector - MAPS
Development Tools Selector - DTS
Analog and Interface Products Presentation (Treelink)
Packaging & Specifications
Parametric Search Tool
Global Sales  & Distribution
MASTERs Conference
New to Microchip?
Microchip Careers
Media Center








Products
Collapse

Applications
Expand

Design Support
Expand




Products



Microcontrollers and Microprocessors

8-bit MCUs
16-bit MCUs
32-bit MCUs
32-bit MPUs



Analog


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview
Operational Amplifiers
Instrumentation Amplifiers
Comparators
PGA
Power/Current Monitors



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview
Analog-to-Digital Converter
Digital Potentiometers
Digital-to-Analog Converters
Power and Energy Measurement
F/V and V/F Converters
Power/Current Sensors
Voltage References



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview
MOSFETs – Interface
Driver Arrays
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers
Application Specific


Motor Drivers

Power Management

Power Management Overview
Voltage References
Battery Management
Charge Pumps
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors
LDO Regulators
Power MOSFET Drivers
Power MOSFETs
Hybrid PWM Controllers
PWM Controllers
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators
Switching Regulators
Voltage Detectors
Power Modules
Power Switches
High Voltage Linear Regulators



CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs
Horn Driver ICs



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview
Local Temperature Sensors
Remote Temperature Sensors
Fan Controller ICs
Thermocouple ICs



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview
Analog Multiplexers/Switches
Beamformer Source Drivers
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays
Continuous Transmit Pulsers
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers





Clock and Timing

Overview
Clock Generation
Oscillators
Clock and Data Distribution
Real-time Clock



High-Speed Networking and Video

Overview
Ethernet
ARCNET
CoaXpress®
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets
Video Equalizers
Video Transceivers
Video Sub-Systems
Clock and Data Recovery ICs



Interface and Connectivity

CoaXpress®
CAN
Infrared
LIN
Serial Peripherals
USB



Display and LED Drivers

Display and LED Drivers Overview
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers
Automotive LED Drivers
Backlight LED Drivers
General-Purpose LED Drivers
Linear Current Regulators
Sequential Linear LED Drivers
Camera Flash Drivers



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview
Desktop and Super I/O
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers
Expansion and Legacy I/O



Programmable Logic

SPLD/CPLD
FPGA
FPGA Configuration Memory



Memory

Serial EEPROM
Serial EERAM
Serial SRAM
Serial Flash
Parallel Flash
Parallel EEPROM
OTP EPROM



Touch and Gesture

Touch and Gesture Overview
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels
2D Touch – maXTouch<sup>&reg;</sup> - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads
3D Gestures



Wireless

Wireless Connectivity
Wi-Fi®
Bluetooth®
LoRa® Technology
MiWi™ Protocol
Sub-GHz
zigbee®
Infrared
Power Amplifiers
802.15.4
Sigfox
RF Identification
IR Control
Wireless Audio



Smart Energy/Metering

Overview
Metering
Power Line Communications
Wireless Communications



Rad Hard

Overview
Rad Hard ASICs
Rad Hard Communication ICs
Rad Hard FPGAs
Rad Hard Memories
Rad Hard Processors
Rad Tolerant Devices



Security ICs

Security ICs Overview

CryptoAuthentication

Overview
Geting Started
SHA Based
ECC Based
ECC-AWS IoT Based
AES Based



Trusted Platform Module

Overview
TCG Version 1.2



CryptoRF

Overview
CryptoCompanion
CryptoRF
CryptoRF Reader



CryptoMemory

Overview
CryptoCompanion
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V)
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V)








Applications



Aerospace and Defense




Audio and Speech




Automotive

Automotive Solutions
Automotive Connectivity
Functional Safety



Battery Management




CAN




Computing




Displays

Graphical Displays
Segmented LCD



Embedded Security




Ethernet

Ethernet Overview
Ethernet of Everything
USB-to-Ethernet
Ethernet Controllers
Ethernet Switches
Ethernet PHYs
EtherCAT®



High Temperature




Home Appliance




Intelligent Power




Internet of Things




Lighting




Low Power




LIN




Medical




Metering

Metering Overview
Electric Meter
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters
Power Monitoring



Motor Control and Drive




Power Monitoring




Smart Energy/Metering




Smartphone Accessories




Touch and Gesture

Touch and Gesture Overview
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels
2D Touch – maXTouch<sup>&reg;</sup> - automotive and industrial touch screens
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads
3D Gestures



USB

USB Overview
USB Hubs and Devices
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs



Wireless Audio




Wireless Connectivity

Wireless Connectivity Overview
Wi-Fi®
Bluetooth®
LoRa®
MiWi™
Sub-GHz
zigbee®
Infrared
Power Amplifiers






Design Support



New to Microchip?




Development Tools

Development Tools Overview
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions
MPLAB® X IDE
MPLAB® XC Compilers
MPLAB® Code Configurator
MPLAB® Xpress
MPLAB® Harmony
Microchip Libraries for Applications
Software Libraries
Code Examples
Embedded Code Source



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators
Emulation Extention Paks
Programmers



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE
Data Visualizer
Compilers
Atmel START
MCU Software Library
Atmel Gallery



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers
Programmers



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols
SPICE Models
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator
MindiSWLib
IBIS Models
Clockworks® Configurator
BSDL


Third-Party Development Tools



Documentation

Application Notes
Data Sheets
Erratas
Packaging Specifications
Programming Specifications
Reference Manuals
User Guides
Product Briefs
Migration Documents



Training

Training Overview
Developer Help Wiki
Webinars
Microchip Videos
MASTERs Conference
Technical Training Center



Forums




Design Partner Network




Product Change Notification




Quality and Reliability

Quality
Reliability



Technical Support




Software

Code Examples
Embedded Code Source



Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks














MASTERs 2017
Training Dates: August 16-19, 2017












Building the Future with AVR® MCUs
The New tinyAVR® Microcontroller Series












Ethernet GigEpack Devices
Delivering Compliance, Software & LANcheck® Services




































Recent News



Product Press




Corporate Press




Investor Press




















Microchip Technology - Wikipedia






















 






Microchip Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Microchip Technology





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: MCHP
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Semiconductors


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Chandler, Arizona,
United States



Key people

Steve Sanghi, Chairman & CEO
J. Eric Bjornholt, CFO
Ganesh Moorthy, President & COO


Products
Microcontrollers
Serial EEPROMs
Serial SRAM
Analog ICs


Revenue
$2.173 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

10,000+ (2016) <>[2]


Website
www.microchip.com






A 1988 vintage Microchip PIC16CR54 with the Apple Desktop Bus protocol pre-programmed, before they became an independent company, as used in a Macintosh SE.


Microchip Technology is an American manufacturer of microcontroller, memory and analog semiconductors. Its products include microcontrollers (PICmicro, dsPIC / PIC24, PIC32, AVR, AVR32 and SAM), Serial EEPROM devices, Serial SRAM devices, KEELOQ devices, radio frequency (RF) devices, thermal, power and battery management analog devices, as well as linear, interface and mixed signal devices. Some of the interface devices include USB, ZigBee/MiWi, Controller Area Network, LoRa, SIGFOX and Ethernet.
Corporate headquarters is located at Chandler, Arizona with wafer fabs in Tempe, Arizona, Gresham, Oregon and Colorado Springs, Colorado, assembly/test facilities in Chachoengsao, Thailand. Sales for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2016 were $2,173,334,000.[2]
Among its chief competitors are Analog Devices, Infineon, Maxim Integrated Products, NXP Semiconductors (previously Philips and purchased Freescale), Renesas Electronics, STMicroelectronics, and Texas Instruments.



Contents


1 History
2 Products

2.1 Microcontrollers
2.2 Integrated circuits


3 Acquisitions

3.1 HI-TECH Software
3.2 Silicon Storage Technology


4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Microchip Technology was founded in 1987 when General Instrument spun off its microelectronics division as a wholly owned subsidiary.[3] Microchip Technology became an independent company in 1989 when it was acquired by a group of venture capitalists, and went public in 1993.[4]
In April 2009, Microchip Technology announced the nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers (With World’s Lowest Sleep Current).[5] Microchip Technology had sold more than 6 billion microcontrollers as of 2009.[6]
In April 2010, Microchip acquired Silicon Storage Technology (SST),[7] and sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems in May that year.[8]
As of 2011, Microchip Technology ships over a billion processors every year. In September 2011, Microchip Technology shipped the 10 billionth PIC microcontroller.[9]
In August 2012, Microchip acquired Standard Microsystems Corporation (SMSC).[10] Among SMSC's assets were those it had previously acquired from Symwave, a start-up that specialized in USB 3.0 chips, and two hi-fi wireless audio companies — Kleer Semiconductor and Wireless Audio IP BV.[11][12][13]
In January 2016, Microchip agreed to buy Atmel for $3.56 billion.[14][15][16] JPMorgan Chase advised Microchip while Qatalyst Partners advised Atmel.[17]
Products[edit]
Microchip develops a wide range of microcontrollers and integrated circuits (ICs), for the hobbyist and professional markets.
Microcontrollers[edit]
Microchip is widely known for their line of PIC microcontrollers, and their MCU-related product line includes:

PIC microcontrollers

8-bit MCUs - PIC10, PIC12, PIC16, PIC18
16-bit MCUs - PIC24, dsPIC
32-bit MCUs - PIC32MX, PIC32MZ
Legacy Intel MCS-51 MCUs
KEELOQ MCUs for security applications
rfPIC MCUs for wireless sensor applications


AVR Microcontrollers
SAM ARM-based Microntrollers and Microprocessors
Computer software

MPLAB IDE
MPLAB Xpress
C and C++ compilers for PIC/dsPIC MCUs
Code libraries for PIC/dsPIC MCUs


Development hardware

MPLAB series (debuggers & programmers for professionals)
PICkit series (programmers for hobbyists and students)



Integrated circuits[edit]
The Microchip product line of integrated circuits include:

Memory storage devices

Serial EEPROM chips
Serial SRAM chips
Serial Flash chips
Parallel Flash chips


Interface devices

USB controllers
ZigBee/MiWi controllers
CAN/LIN controllers
Ethernet controllers


Power management devices

Battery charge controllers (Li-Ion, NiMH, Multi-Chemistry)
Power MOSFETs
Voltage regulators


Motor drivers

PWM-based controllers
DC motor controllers
BLDC motor controllers


Touch sensing

mTouch (capacitive sensor technology)
RightTouch (turn-key capacitive sensor technology)
GestIC (3D Tracking and gesture detection technology)
Haptics (Eccentric Rotating Mass (ERM) actuators)


Ultrasound devices

Ultrasound switches
Ultrasound transmitters



Acquisitions[edit]
HI-TECH Software[edit]
HI-TECH Software was an Australian-based company that provides ANSI C compilers and development tools. Founded in 1984, the company is best known for its HI-TECH C PRO compilers with whole-program compilation technology, or Omniscient Code Generation (OCG).[18][19] HI-TECH Software was bought by Microchip on 20 February 2009,[20] whereupon it refocused its development effort exclusively on supporting Microchip products.[21]
Supported manufacturers and architectures :

Microchip PIC10, PIC12, PIC14, PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, PIC32 and dsPIC
Cypress PSoC's
Silicon Laboratories MCUs
8051 MCUs
Z80 for CP/M[22] and Z80 cross compiler.

Silicon Storage Technology[edit]




EPROM 28EE011 made by SST


Silicon Storage Technology, Inc. (SST) was a Sunnyvale, California, United States, technology company producing non-volatile memory devices and related products.[23][24] SST supplied NOR flash and other integrated circuits for high-volume applications.[25]
Bing Yeh co-founded SST in August 1989, and served as its chief executive.[26]
At the 1992 Fall COMDEX trade show, SST introduced the first single-board 30 MB 2.5” solid-state drive with standard hard-disk ATA interface and a 5 MB PC Card memory card with built-in controller and firmware.[27]
In 1993, SST moved its headquarters to Sunnyvale. That same year, SST introduced its first SuperFlash technology products, with lower costs and faster write speeds. By the end of 1995, more than 90% of the PC motherboards produced in Taiwan had adopted SST's 1 Mbit SuperFlash EEPROM product for the BIOS storage.[citation needed] The company had its initial public offering November 21, 1995, trading on the NASDAQ market under the symbol SSTI.[28] Analytical models of SuperFlash were published.[29][30] A five-year licensing agreement was announced in January 1999 with Acer Inc..[31] A 1997 lawsuit filed by Intel was settled in May 1999 after mediation.[32]
In 2004, SST began to diversify beyond flash memory products, targeting consumer and industrial products with embedded solid-state data storage and RF wireless communication.[33] In September 2004 SST purchased a majority stake in Emosyn, which designed products for SIM cards. In October it announced the acquisition of G-Plus, based in Santa Monica, California.[33]
In 2006, SST announced a joint development agreement with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) to develop 90 nm SuperFlash technology.[34]
SST had its stock option grant practices investigated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, ending in June 2008.[35] It determined it needed to restate earnings, and was given a de-listing notice by NASDAQ for filing late reports from 2006 through 2007.[36] Business slowed in the Great Recession.The company announced a loss on reduced revenues, reducing its workforce by 17% in December 2008.[37]
In November 2009, Technology Resource Holdings offered to acquire the company for about $200 million, but a group of shareholders thought it was undervalued.[38] Starting in February 2010, private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management and public company Microchip Technology both made offers to acquire SST.[39][40] In April 2010, Microchip completed the acquisition for about $292 million.[41][42] Microchip sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems (founded by Yeh) in May of that year.[43]

SMSC
Atmel
Micrel
ISSC Technologies Corporation
Supertex
EqcoLogic Inc.

Acquisitions
References[edit]


^ *[1]
^ a b "2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). [2]
^ "General Instrument Microelectronics Renamed". Archived from the original on 2004-12-13. 
^ "Microchip Investor Relations - FAQs". 
^ Quick, Darren. "nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers claim world’s lowest sleep current" gizmag April 30, 2009
^ Brian Santo (May 2009). "25 Microchips That Shook the World". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved 2012-04-01. 
^ "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. April 8, 2010. Retrieved 2016-02-22. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. 
^ Microchip Technology Delivers 10 Billionth PIC® Microcontroller
^ "Microchip Technology and SMSC announce the completion of the acquisition of SMSC by Microchip Technology" (PDF) (Press release). Retrieved 2012-08-29. 
^ Mark LaPedus, November 15, 2010 SMSC acquires Symwave, EE Times
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1256626
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1173085
^ "Microchip To Buy Atmel in Latest Semiconductor Deal". Fortune. January 20, 2016. 
^ Assis, Claudia. "Microchip Technology buys chip maker Atmel in $3.56 billion deal". MarketWatch. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ By. "Microchip To Acquire Atmel for $3.56 Billion". Hackaday. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-01-19). "Microchip Technology to Buy Atmel for Nearly $3.6 Billion". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Whole Program C Compiler Optimizes Across Modules
^ Omniscient Code Generation - A whole-program compilation technology for superior code density and performance
^ http://www.search.asic.gov.au/cgi-bin/gns030c?acn=002_724_549&juris=9&hdtext=ACN&srchsrc=1
^ HI-TECH Customer Letter
^ The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine saved a copy of the compiler, available here and a installing turorial is available here.
^ Christensen, Clayton M. (1997). The innovator's dilemma: when new technologies cause great firms to fail. Boston, Mass.: Harvard Business School Press. p. 50. ISBN 978-0-87584-585-2. 
^ "SST Reports Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results". Press release. Silicon Storage Technology. July 28, 2009. Archived from the original on August 8, 2009. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage Technology". StorageSearch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-04. 
^ Saxenian, AnnaLee (1999). Silicon Valley's new immigrant entrepreneurs. San Francisco: Public Policy Institute of California. p. 92. ISBN 978-1-58213-009-5. 
^ "Pioneers of the Digital Revolution". Goldsea Asian American Daily. 2006. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Annual report for the Year ending December 31, 1996". Form 10K. US Securities and Exchange Commission. March 27, 1997. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ H. Guan, D. Lee, and G. P. Lee (March 2003). "An analytical model for optimization of programming efficiency and uniformity of split gate source-side injection SuperFlash memory". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 50 (3): 809–815. doi:10.1109/TED.2003.811416. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Xian Liu, V. Markov, A. Kotov, Tho Ngoc Dang, A. Levi, I. Yue, A. Wang, and R. Qian (October 2006). "Endurance Characteristics of SuperFlash Memory". 8th International Conference on Solid-State and Integrated Circuit Technology: 763–765. doi:10.1109/ICSICT.2006.306479. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "Chips are up for Acer: Deal with SST to bring welcome cash boost". The Register. January 14, 1999. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mike Magee (May 14, 1999). "Intel and Silicon Storage settle lawsuit: A mediator has mediated". The Register. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b "SST 2004 Annual Report" (PDF). SST. April 22, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on August 1, 2012. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Nancy Gohring (August 21, 2006). "SST, TSMC to jointly develop 90nm SuperFlash: Companies plan to be the first on the market with licensable 90nm embedded flash technology". Info World. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST back in Nasdaq compliance, SEC investigation ends". San Jose Business Journal. July 7, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST gets Nasdaq warning over late financials". San Jose Business Journal. August 17, 2007. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage lowers outlook, cuts jobs". San Jose Business Journal. December 17, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mary Duan (January 5, 2010). "Shareholder group fights SSTI acquisition". San Jose Business Journal. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Raises Bid for Silicon Storage". New York Times Deal Book. March 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Andrew Johnson (March 9, 2010). "Microchip ups bid for tech company". The Arizona Republic. 
^ Mark LaPedus (April 8, 2010). "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Sews Up Silicon Storage Deal". New York Times Deal Book. April 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official Microchip Technology Inc. website
Official Microchip IC wiki



Business data for Microchip Technology: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Microchip Technology



Products



PIC and dsPIC

Instruction set
PIC16x84


KeeLoq
MiWi





Development tools



MPLAB
ICD & REAL ICE
PICkit
ICSP





Third Party



PICAXE
OOPic
Maximite
Parallax SX
Flowcode
IOIO












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx








Companies portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Microchip_Technology&oldid=790199683"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQMicrochip Technology hardwareSemiconductor companiesElectronics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Chandler, ArizonaComputer companies established in 1989Electronics companies established in 1989Science and technology in ArizonaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterArticles needing additional references from July 2013All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDeutschEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 06:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















MicrochipTech (@MicrochipTech) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      MicrochipTech



@MicrochipTech












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
10.6K
            



Following
Following
246



Followers
Followers
33.1K



Likes
Likes
3,153



Lists
Lists
2
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists






Unmute @MicrochipTech

Mute @MicrochipTech



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















MicrochipTech



@MicrochipTech


8-/16-/32-bit MCUs, analog and Flash-IP solutions. We will be most able to respond to customer questions between the hours of 7 am to 5 pm MST



            Chandler, AZ

      



 
    Microchip.com
  




Joined September 2008












                
                676 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @MicrochipTech
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @MicrochipTech
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            MicrochipTech followed
        






















MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







hackaday‏Verified account @hackaday

14h14 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#HackadayPrize 2017 sponsors @supplyframe, @digikey, & @MicrochipTech supports creating & engineering w/ a purpose!http://bit.ly/206WUYP 









0 replies




4 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







Digi-Key Electronics‏Verified account @digikey

13h13 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







@MicrochipTech offers an industry-leading #energy efficient 32-bit #microcontroller ecosystem http://dky.bz/2tGVWMQ pic.twitter.com/RLPbkoH9Gm
















0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

12h12 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Adding an @mikroel Accel 3 click board to an MPLAB® Xpress Evaluation Board: http://mchp.us/2v10eif  @embarcados









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

14h14 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Dual-personality Flip&Click PIC32MZ can be programmed with chipKIT-core in #Arduino IDE or  @mikroel PIC32 compilershttp://mchp.us/2ttZ2ji 









0 replies




5 retweets




10 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


10





Liked


10










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

16h16 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How two of our latest 32-bit MCUs are blurring the lines between the “MCU” and “DSP” categories: http://mchp.us/2uQCfCx  @AllAboutCircuit









0 replies




5 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







Hardware Pioneers‏ @HdwPioneers

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







10 August event "Bringing #IoT Products to Market" with @MicrochipTech @CypressSemi @KoobeGlobal at @Cocoon_Networks http://ow.ly/xfMc30dofUw pic.twitter.com/WcYzKDL717
















0 replies




3 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







The Hackaday Prize‏ @HackadayPrize

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Thank you to our #HackadayPrize sponsors @digikey, @microchiptech & @supplyframe for supporting technology education!pic.twitter.com/zgxi8LP3wJ
















0 replies




2 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Reduce costs in next-generation automotive infotainment designs with OS81119AF INIC for MOST150 networks: http://mchp.us/2tq3008 pic.twitter.com/qoai9Frmet
















0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Have a great idea that you believe would be a useful addition to MPLAB® X IDE? Read how to create a custom plug-in: http://mchp.us/2uCPCoT pic.twitter.com/B3DoySXWu8
















0 replies




2 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Time is running out – registration for #MCHPMASTERs 2017 closes on July 27th. Don't miss out, register today:  http://mchp.us/2o3Xqdf pic.twitter.com/mykj9qDLOd
















1 reply




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Spark your curiosity! Bring your #IoT or other design to life with 16-bit PIC24FJ256GA7 Curiosity Development Board http://mchp.us/2uB2RHs pic.twitter.com/27Ps4KU32Y
















1 reply




6 retweets




8 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







The Embedded Lab‏ @TheEmbeddedLab

Jul 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Learn how to create a proximity meter for your garage! Part 2 coming soon! #embedded #microcontroller @MicrochipTechhttp://theembeddedlab.com/tutorials/create-proximity-sensor-garage-part-1-measure-distance-hc-sr04/ …









0 replies




8 retweets




11 likes








Reply










Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


11





Liked


11










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







Zerynth‏ @Zerynth

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Using #Python on @MicrochipTech/@mikroel board to control #Servo Motors for #IoT projects
See more on @Hacksterio: https://www.hackster.io/luigifcerfeda/using-python-to-control-servo-motors-for-iot-projects-3196ac …pic.twitter.com/aFb6z0Etkt



















2 replies




33 retweets




75 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


33




Retweeted


33








Like


75





Liked


75










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







Mouser Electronics‏Verified account @MouserElec

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







As cities get smarter, @MicrochipTech is a leader in bringing LoRaWAN solutions to market. #ShapingSmarterCities
http://mou.sr/2uDo8fo pic.twitter.com/Pen000o8Vv
















0 replies




1 retweet




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







Mouser Electronics‏Verified account @MouserElec

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Autonomous vehicles could benefit from LPWAN. @MicrochipTech has #LoRaWAN & #Sigfox solutions. #ShapingSmarterCities http://mou.sr/2uTM0eZ 





0 replies




2 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







There’s fast, and there’s reliable. Get both with our GigEpack portfolio of Gigabit Ethernet devices: http://mchp.us/2uNgqDT pic.twitter.com/ktPFauuhm3
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







New @mikroel MCU card for EasyPIC Fusion™ v7 board features PIC32MZ2048EFH144 MCU and LAN8720A Ethernet transceiverhttp://mchp.us/2vCFIkd 









0 replies




7 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


7




Retweeted


7








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MicrochipTech‏ @MicrochipTech

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Ready for global deployment: add Bluetooth® connectivity to #IoT and other applications with our RN4678 modulehttp://mchp.us/2uMD27j 









0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







Vishnu Sharma‏ @getvishnu

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







My first #RaspberryPi #hat design in progress :-) Externally powered with @MicrochipTech MIC29302, running #Windows10 #IoT core.pic.twitter.com/rvPeArrMDd
















0 replies




11 retweets




16 likes








Reply










Retweet


11




Retweeted


11








Like


16





Liked


16










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MicrochipTech Retweeted
            







Hardware Pioneers‏ @HdwPioneers

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







10 August event "Bringing #IoT Products to Market" with @MicrochipTech @CypressSemi @KoobeGlobal at @Cocoon_Networks http://ow.ly/xfMc30dofUw pic.twitter.com/g4wpLX95QZ
















1 reply




2 retweets




3 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @MicrochipTech hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Microchip Technology - Wikipedia






















 






Microchip Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Microchip Technology





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: MCHP
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Semiconductors


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Chandler, Arizona,
United States



Key people

Steve Sanghi, Chairman & CEO
J. Eric Bjornholt, CFO
Ganesh Moorthy, President & COO


Products
Microcontrollers
Serial EEPROMs
Serial SRAM
Analog ICs


Revenue
$2.173 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

10,000+ (2016) <>[2]


Website
www.microchip.com






A 1988 vintage Microchip PIC16CR54 with the Apple Desktop Bus protocol pre-programmed, before they became an independent company, as used in a Macintosh SE.


Microchip Technology is an American manufacturer of microcontroller, memory and analog semiconductors. Its products include microcontrollers (PICmicro, dsPIC / PIC24, PIC32, AVR, AVR32 and SAM), Serial EEPROM devices, Serial SRAM devices, KEELOQ devices, radio frequency (RF) devices, thermal, power and battery management analog devices, as well as linear, interface and mixed signal devices. Some of the interface devices include USB, ZigBee/MiWi, Controller Area Network, LoRa, SIGFOX and Ethernet.
Corporate headquarters is located at Chandler, Arizona with wafer fabs in Tempe, Arizona, Gresham, Oregon and Colorado Springs, Colorado, assembly/test facilities in Chachoengsao, Thailand. Sales for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2016 were $2,173,334,000.[2]
Among its chief competitors are Analog Devices, Infineon, Maxim Integrated Products, NXP Semiconductors (previously Philips and purchased Freescale), Renesas Electronics, STMicroelectronics, and Texas Instruments.



Contents


1 History
2 Products

2.1 Microcontrollers
2.2 Integrated circuits


3 Acquisitions

3.1 HI-TECH Software
3.2 Silicon Storage Technology


4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Microchip Technology was founded in 1987 when General Instrument spun off its microelectronics division as a wholly owned subsidiary.[3] Microchip Technology became an independent company in 1989 when it was acquired by a group of venture capitalists, and went public in 1993.[4]
In April 2009, Microchip Technology announced the nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers (With World’s Lowest Sleep Current).[5] Microchip Technology had sold more than 6 billion microcontrollers as of 2009.[6]
In April 2010, Microchip acquired Silicon Storage Technology (SST),[7] and sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems in May that year.[8]
As of 2011, Microchip Technology ships over a billion processors every year. In September 2011, Microchip Technology shipped the 10 billionth PIC microcontroller.[9]
In August 2012, Microchip acquired Standard Microsystems Corporation (SMSC).[10] Among SMSC's assets were those it had previously acquired from Symwave, a start-up that specialized in USB 3.0 chips, and two hi-fi wireless audio companies — Kleer Semiconductor and Wireless Audio IP BV.[11][12][13]
In January 2016, Microchip agreed to buy Atmel for $3.56 billion.[14][15][16] JPMorgan Chase advised Microchip while Qatalyst Partners advised Atmel.[17]
Products[edit]
Microchip develops a wide range of microcontrollers and integrated circuits (ICs), for the hobbyist and professional markets.
Microcontrollers[edit]
Microchip is widely known for their line of PIC microcontrollers, and their MCU-related product line includes:

PIC microcontrollers

8-bit MCUs - PIC10, PIC12, PIC16, PIC18
16-bit MCUs - PIC24, dsPIC
32-bit MCUs - PIC32MX, PIC32MZ
Legacy Intel MCS-51 MCUs
KEELOQ MCUs for security applications
rfPIC MCUs for wireless sensor applications


AVR Microcontrollers
SAM ARM-based Microntrollers and Microprocessors
Computer software

MPLAB IDE
MPLAB Xpress
C and C++ compilers for PIC/dsPIC MCUs
Code libraries for PIC/dsPIC MCUs


Development hardware

MPLAB series (debuggers & programmers for professionals)
PICkit series (programmers for hobbyists and students)



Integrated circuits[edit]
The Microchip product line of integrated circuits include:

Memory storage devices

Serial EEPROM chips
Serial SRAM chips
Serial Flash chips
Parallel Flash chips


Interface devices

USB controllers
ZigBee/MiWi controllers
CAN/LIN controllers
Ethernet controllers


Power management devices

Battery charge controllers (Li-Ion, NiMH, Multi-Chemistry)
Power MOSFETs
Voltage regulators


Motor drivers

PWM-based controllers
DC motor controllers
BLDC motor controllers


Touch sensing

mTouch (capacitive sensor technology)
RightTouch (turn-key capacitive sensor technology)
GestIC (3D Tracking and gesture detection technology)
Haptics (Eccentric Rotating Mass (ERM) actuators)


Ultrasound devices

Ultrasound switches
Ultrasound transmitters



Acquisitions[edit]
HI-TECH Software[edit]
HI-TECH Software was an Australian-based company that provides ANSI C compilers and development tools. Founded in 1984, the company is best known for its HI-TECH C PRO compilers with whole-program compilation technology, or Omniscient Code Generation (OCG).[18][19] HI-TECH Software was bought by Microchip on 20 February 2009,[20] whereupon it refocused its development effort exclusively on supporting Microchip products.[21]
Supported manufacturers and architectures :

Microchip PIC10, PIC12, PIC14, PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, PIC32 and dsPIC
Cypress PSoC's
Silicon Laboratories MCUs
8051 MCUs
Z80 for CP/M[22] and Z80 cross compiler.

Silicon Storage Technology[edit]




EPROM 28EE011 made by SST


Silicon Storage Technology, Inc. (SST) was a Sunnyvale, California, United States, technology company producing non-volatile memory devices and related products.[23][24] SST supplied NOR flash and other integrated circuits for high-volume applications.[25]
Bing Yeh co-founded SST in August 1989, and served as its chief executive.[26]
At the 1992 Fall COMDEX trade show, SST introduced the first single-board 30 MB 2.5” solid-state drive with standard hard-disk ATA interface and a 5 MB PC Card memory card with built-in controller and firmware.[27]
In 1993, SST moved its headquarters to Sunnyvale. That same year, SST introduced its first SuperFlash technology products, with lower costs and faster write speeds. By the end of 1995, more than 90% of the PC motherboards produced in Taiwan had adopted SST's 1 Mbit SuperFlash EEPROM product for the BIOS storage.[citation needed] The company had its initial public offering November 21, 1995, trading on the NASDAQ market under the symbol SSTI.[28] Analytical models of SuperFlash were published.[29][30] A five-year licensing agreement was announced in January 1999 with Acer Inc..[31] A 1997 lawsuit filed by Intel was settled in May 1999 after mediation.[32]
In 2004, SST began to diversify beyond flash memory products, targeting consumer and industrial products with embedded solid-state data storage and RF wireless communication.[33] In September 2004 SST purchased a majority stake in Emosyn, which designed products for SIM cards. In October it announced the acquisition of G-Plus, based in Santa Monica, California.[33]
In 2006, SST announced a joint development agreement with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) to develop 90 nm SuperFlash technology.[34]
SST had its stock option grant practices investigated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, ending in June 2008.[35] It determined it needed to restate earnings, and was given a de-listing notice by NASDAQ for filing late reports from 2006 through 2007.[36] Business slowed in the Great Recession.The company announced a loss on reduced revenues, reducing its workforce by 17% in December 2008.[37]
In November 2009, Technology Resource Holdings offered to acquire the company for about $200 million, but a group of shareholders thought it was undervalued.[38] Starting in February 2010, private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management and public company Microchip Technology both made offers to acquire SST.[39][40] In April 2010, Microchip completed the acquisition for about $292 million.[41][42] Microchip sold several SST flash memory assets to Greenliant Systems (founded by Yeh) in May of that year.[43]

SMSC
Atmel
Micrel
ISSC Technologies Corporation
Supertex
EqcoLogic Inc.

Acquisitions
References[edit]


^ *[1]
^ a b "2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). [2]
^ "General Instrument Microelectronics Renamed". Archived from the original on 2004-12-13. 
^ "Microchip Investor Relations - FAQs". 
^ Quick, Darren. "nanoWatt XLP Microcontrollers claim world’s lowest sleep current" gizmag April 30, 2009
^ Brian Santo (May 2009). "25 Microchips That Shook the World". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved 2012-04-01. 
^ "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. April 8, 2010. Retrieved 2016-02-22. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. 
^ Microchip Technology Delivers 10 Billionth PIC® Microcontroller
^ "Microchip Technology and SMSC announce the completion of the acquisition of SMSC by Microchip Technology" (PDF) (Press release). Retrieved 2012-08-29. 
^ Mark LaPedus, November 15, 2010 SMSC acquires Symwave, EE Times
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1256626
^ http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1173085
^ "Microchip To Buy Atmel in Latest Semiconductor Deal". Fortune. January 20, 2016. 
^ Assis, Claudia. "Microchip Technology buys chip maker Atmel in $3.56 billion deal". MarketWatch. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ By. "Microchip To Acquire Atmel for $3.56 Billion". Hackaday. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Picker, Leslie (2016-01-19). "Microchip Technology to Buy Atmel for Nearly $3.6 Billion". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-01-21. 
^ Whole Program C Compiler Optimizes Across Modules
^ Omniscient Code Generation - A whole-program compilation technology for superior code density and performance
^ http://www.search.asic.gov.au/cgi-bin/gns030c?acn=002_724_549&juris=9&hdtext=ACN&srchsrc=1
^ HI-TECH Customer Letter
^ The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine saved a copy of the compiler, available here and a installing turorial is available here.
^ Christensen, Clayton M. (1997). The innovator's dilemma: when new technologies cause great firms to fail. Boston, Mass.: Harvard Business School Press. p. 50. ISBN 978-0-87584-585-2. 
^ "SST Reports Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results". Press release. Silicon Storage Technology. July 28, 2009. Archived from the original on August 8, 2009. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage Technology". StorageSearch.com. Retrieved 2011-04-04. 
^ Saxenian, AnnaLee (1999). Silicon Valley's new immigrant entrepreneurs. San Francisco: Public Policy Institute of California. p. 92. ISBN 978-1-58213-009-5. 
^ "Pioneers of the Digital Revolution". Goldsea Asian American Daily. 2006. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Annual report for the Year ending December 31, 1996". Form 10K. US Securities and Exchange Commission. March 27, 1997. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ H. Guan, D. Lee, and G. P. Lee (March 2003). "An analytical model for optimization of programming efficiency and uniformity of split gate source-side injection SuperFlash memory". IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices. 50 (3): 809–815. doi:10.1109/TED.2003.811416. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Xian Liu, V. Markov, A. Kotov, Tho Ngoc Dang, A. Levi, I. Yue, A. Wang, and R. Qian (October 2006). "Endurance Characteristics of SuperFlash Memory". 8th International Conference on Solid-State and Integrated Circuit Technology: 763–765. doi:10.1109/ICSICT.2006.306479. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "Chips are up for Acer: Deal with SST to bring welcome cash boost". The Register. January 14, 1999. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mike Magee (May 14, 1999). "Intel and Silicon Storage settle lawsuit: A mediator has mediated". The Register. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b "SST 2004 Annual Report" (PDF). SST. April 22, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on August 1, 2012. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Nancy Gohring (August 21, 2006). "SST, TSMC to jointly develop 90nm SuperFlash: Companies plan to be the first on the market with licensable 90nm embedded flash technology". Info World. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST back in Nasdaq compliance, SEC investigation ends". San Jose Business Journal. July 7, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "SST gets Nasdaq warning over late financials". San Jose Business Journal. August 17, 2007. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Silicon Storage lowers outlook, cuts jobs". San Jose Business Journal. December 17, 2008. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Mary Duan (January 5, 2010). "Shareholder group fights SSTI acquisition". San Jose Business Journal. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Raises Bid for Silicon Storage". New York Times Deal Book. March 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Andrew Johnson (March 9, 2010). "Microchip ups bid for tech company". The Arizona Republic. 
^ Mark LaPedus (April 8, 2010). "Microchip completes SST acquisition". EE Times. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ "Microchip Tech Sews Up Silicon Storage Deal". New York Times Deal Book. April 9, 2010. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ Maleval, Jean-Jacques (May 27, 2010). "Greenliant Acquires Assets of Microchip". StorageNewsletter.com. Retrieved October 1, 2013. 


External links[edit]

Official Microchip Technology Inc. website
Official Microchip IC wiki



Business data for Microchip Technology: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Microchip Technology



Products



PIC and dsPIC

Instruction set
PIC16x84


KeeLoq
MiWi





Development tools



MPLAB
ICD & REAL ICE
PICkit
ICSP





Third Party



PICAXE
OOPic
Maximite
Parallax SX
Flowcode
IOIO












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx








Companies portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Microchip_Technology&oldid=790199683"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQMicrochip Technology hardwareSemiconductor companiesElectronics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Chandler, ArizonaComputer companies established in 1989Electronics companies established in 1989Science and technology in ArizonaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterArticles needing additional references from July 2013All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàČeštinaDeutschEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 06:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
