Social Reality's (SRAX) CEO Christopher Miglino on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Social Reality's (SRAX) CEO Christopher Miglino on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.15.17 | About: Social Reality (SRAX) Social Reality Inc. (NASDAQ:SRAX)
Q1 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call
May 15, 2017, 04:30 PM ET
Executives
Debra Chen - Public Relations and Communications, IRTH Communications
Christopher Miglino - CEO and Founder
J.P. Hannan - CFO
Erin DeRuggiero - Chief Innovations Officer
Analysts
James McIlree - Chardan Capital
Operator
Good day and welcome to the SRAX First Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.
And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to [Christn] of LHA. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Company Representative
Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon, everyone. I’d like to welcome you all of you to SRAX’s first quarter 2017 conference call. This call is being webcast and is available on the website.
In addition, today we'll use an accompanying slide show to review SRAX’s MD platform. You may view this via the webcast. With us today are SRAX’s CEO, Christopher Miglino; Chief Innovations Officer, Erin DeRuggiero; and CFO, J.P. Hannan.
Christopher will review the company first quarter 2017 highlights, Erin will provide an overview on SRAXmd. J.P. will discuss its operations and financial metrics and Chris will open the call for questions.
Before I turn the call over management, I would like to remind you that on this call, management’s prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and management may also make forward-looking statements during the question-and-answer session. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially.
When used in this call the words anticipate, could, enable, estimate, intend, expect, believe, potential, will, should, project and similar expressions as they relate to SRAX are, as such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those anticipated by SRAX at this time.
In addition, other risks are more fully described in SRAX’s public filings with the U.S. SEC, which can be reviewed at www.sec.gov. Finally, please make note that on today’s call management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures in which SRAX’s excludes stock-based compensation expense and other one-time items from its GAAP financial results. Please refer to SRAX’s press release for a full reconciliation of its non-GAAP performance measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures.
Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to SRAX’s CEO, Chris Miglino. Please go ahead Chris.
Christopher Miglino
Thanks, Cristin. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today.
We're excited about our operational progress of new growth initiatives along with our cost reductions. Our goal is to broaden our customer base and expand our product offerings while targeting more profitable relationships.
While our new offerings like SRAX Reach are doing well, the growth has been offset by a legacy buy side business. The first quarter results did not reflect our strategic measures. However, as we started reducing relationships with low margin buy side businesses in Q2 2016, we expect the financial benefit of our recent initiatives will be evident in Q2 2017 and build in Q3 and beyond.
Further as discussed on the call in late March, we focused on our buy side sales team efficiency. To foster more growth and reduce expenses, we resized the department and consolidated our operations into our LA headquarters. We continue expect this action to reduce 2017 annual expenses by $1.5 million.
Last week we re-formally branded while our roots are in social media, we've grown tremendously, developed with this -- developed with the future of advertising technology in mind, SRAX tools amplified performance and maximizing profits for brands in the healthcare, CPG, automotive, wellness and lifestyle verticals, we believe SRAX better reflects the breadth and depth of our tools offer digital marketers and content owners and our omnichannel approach that integrates every aspect of the marketing experience into one platform.

In early May, we successfully completed a financing, bringing approximately $4.5 million in net proceeds to the company. We now have additional working capital with which to continue to grow the business, satisfy certain obligations and help our customers execute their digital media marketing needs.
We continue to make advancements on both sides of our business. As many of you know, SRAX serves two primary sets of customers, marketers whom we refer to as the buy side and content owners whom we refer to as the sell side.
Turning to the buy side first, SRAXmd continues to be a very strong growth driver. In a few moments, Erin DeRuggiero, who heads up the SRAXmd efforts will provide us with an overview.
Another buy side product SRAX Social, which combines the social media management solution with the power of programmatic technology and big data to grow brand audiences is growing in magnitude. We've completed the ability for brands and their agencies to utilize our platform to manage all their social media needs and pay to boost their social post all in one platform.
On the sell side, there's a few highlights for the quarter. Through SRAX APP, our customers grow, engage with a valuable mobile audience. Using the product, they're able to create unique niche audience segments based on their interest for example U.S. located audience made up of males who are aged 25 to 40.
They're able to get location data and provide push notifications to create new messaging opportunities to their audience, increase brand engagement and loyalty with exclusive content and launch promotions and contents to drive engagement.
Turning to SRAX Reach, our custom ad unit, through SRAX Reach, you can buy beyond the banner as we like to say, as a combined display ads with native premium advertising, imagery and story content to deliver a compelling brand experience in a single unit.
We doubled the number of publishers that we're working with our SRAX Reach product in Q1. In an effort to have our investors better understand all of our offerings, we intend to invite one of our executives to our earnings call each quarter. Our first area of focus is SRAX MD.
I'd now like to turn the call over to Erin -- over to Erin. Erin is the cofounder and Chief Innovation Officer of SRAX where she spearheads SRAX MD sales and product development. As you may know, Erin and I first began working together in 2008 at the last company that I had started and prior to starting Social Reality together in 2010.
Erin, please go ahead.
Erin DeRuggiero
Thanks Chris. As Cristin, stated at the beginning of the call, we had some slides to accompany the conversation I'll begin on Slide 5.
I wanted to give you quick background on the digital and mobile landscape as it exits today, which will help to highlight why what we're doing is unique and powerful. I'll the overview of the technology high level, since a lot can get quite technical when you get all of the minute detail, but if you have specific questions or would like me to elaborate on any aspect of this, I'll be available for the Q&A at the end of the call and happy to address your questions.
The SRAX MD healthcare platform came to life to service a market need for true advertising automation and innovation within the digital healthcare space. Pharmaceutical companies are our core customers to SRAX MD who up until very recently didn't have many options to choose from when it came to reaching their intended audience with digital and mobile advertising.
The real standard was if you wanted to reach a doctor, you went to a very specific doctor app or journal and brought advertising there and there is limited scale and fewer opportunity to reach these physicians with a timely deployment of ads, triggered by an outside event what we call an outside event.

This could be a diagnosis, potentially relapsing patient, a rejected insurance and claim just an example. Our conversations with our Pharma brand customers further solidify that there is a big gap between what they're trying to achieve through digital and mobile ads targeting and what they feel is a real win that they aren’t getting from existing technology and partners and what most advertising agencies and tech companies are able to deliver.
We set out to close that gap with the healthcare IT products we've developed. DOCTRAX, DOCTRAX MATCH, DOME and [Mosi] that were built specifically to meet these needs that weren’t being addressed by agencies and ad tech companies serving healthcare professional media.
While consumers were being targeted and re-targeted with ads across millions of websites, healthcare professionals and in particular, medical doctors were much harder to reach due to legal and regulatory requirements around how and where you can engage a physician.
We knew there was an opportunity to change the way healthcare professionals were targeted and that we could do it in a safe way., while mapping the journey of the physician and showing them ads outside of traditional medically relevant content, not only reaching a doctor outside of a journal but tailoring a list of sites to the specific specialty that we're targeting.
This approach would allow us to give our pharma clients much larger share of voice with that doctor that they care about and at the same time increase the overall level of engagement and conversion rate.
We're seeing three times the click-through rates on our ad serve and nonmedical environments like a wired or ESPN compared to the engagement rates agencies and brands typically see within medical publisher sites.
We've the ability to track conversions as well, which means different things for different brands. It could be that we're tracking whether or not that doctor writes a prescription for the drug being advertised or has watched a video through the completion.
We have several goals in our approach to new product development. First and foremost is there a real market need for this product? Yes. Our clients are asking for this, so we check that box. Does it exist anywhere else? No, not yet. We're breaking new ground, which is always exciting to sell something that no one else is delivering and we knew we needed to create a safe environment for pharmaceutical brands to advertise.
We have a white list of sites and apps that have gone through rigorous med-legal and regulatory reviews and have been deemed safe content-wise for pharma advertising. We partner with brand safety vendors like Integral Ad Science and DoubleVerify to make sure that ads will not serve outside of the proper channels.
Second, we wanted to build a database of first and third-party healthcare professional data, which we've done over the last four years and we continue to build upon every single day. We now have more than 500,000 tag users across 30 specialty areas we can reach on the professional side.
In some specialties like oncology we have 90% of the total oncology universe available to target with ads on a laptop, desktop or mobile device. Some of our partnerships with third-party data providers is exclusive to SRAXmd, allowing us to tap into timely data feeds that support the deployment to ads to a physician's device within 24 hours of an order being placed by a professional for a particular drug or within 24 hours of a diagnosis.
Lastly, we wanted to focus on mobile where professionals are spending the majority of their time browsing content. Our cross-channel device targeting has ramped up over the last 24 months, which allows us to engage specific physicians on their mobile phones and tablets, when they're at a practice setting of traveling for medical meetings.

We have products at SRAXmd that are designed to reach the healthcare professional, doctors, nurses, nurse practitioners, physician's assistant or non-prescribers and we also have exciting products that target patients and caregivers.
For the purpose of today's call, I wanted to focus on the innovation, on the healthcare professional side, but if you would like to learn more about the patient offerings you can visit the website at SRAXmd.com.
Our core products on the healthcare professional side include DOCTRAX MATCH, is a highly targeted ad campaign utilized by healthcare brands, pharmaceutical agencies who want to reach a certain physician specialty. Most of the advertising messaging we see, related to DOCTRAX comes in the form of a branded pharmaceutical ad.
The offers serve unbranded ads, disease awareness, we recruit physicians for clinical trials. We advertise medical devices and continuing medical education.
DOCTRAX MATCH is a highly targeted ad campaign that will expose only a target list of physicians that a particular client or brand is interested in and we've been working on mapping the physician journey for four years now and we can also share information related to the type of content consumed by a physician, by specialty, which is considered highly valuable to our clients.
We can also share the HCP level data back to clients, integrating into their own internal software systems so that there is a constant loopback of data allowing them to understand when an ad message has been viewed or clicked.
DOME is our mobile meeting targeting product. Hundreds of thousands of medical meetings take place every year across 30 specialty areas in the United States and in Europe. We have the ability to serve ads into mobile devices at hotels, convention centers, where these meetings are taking place.
We can get the ad message to a certain cellular radius, a Wi-Fi network for instance provided by the meeting or isolate the targeting to reach only devices belonging to known physicians in the specialty attending the meeting.
Finally, we have MOSI. This is a product we've been working on for several years now that has a patent filed in process and is entirely unique in the healthcare ad targeting marketplace. Imagine you have a physician at their office, that physician just diagnosed a patient with a rare disease that they haven't yet decided on a therapy for that patient who might be diagnosed with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Our multiplatform can ingest what we call a triggering event like a diagnosis or a rejected claim, or an order placed to distribute product and we can turn around and serve an ad to the location where the triggering event took place within 24 hours.
We're in market now with this product with two of the leading blockbuster oncology drugs across several specialty areas and multiple indications.
Overall, our primary differentiator [AdtraMD] is our ability to deploy highly targeted advertising to the right physician or patient at the right time within a window of time that other healthcare IT companies or ad tech companies aren't able to execute.
We're really excited about the future of our business and what's next for SRAXmd and now I would like to turn the call to J.P. for a discussion on the financials.
J.P. Hannan
Great thanks Erin.
Now we review the first quarter of 2017, it's important to remember that some of our initiatives began a year ago and as expected are taking time to full fruition. This resulted noise when compared to the first quarter of 2016. We're pleased to say next quarter we expect our improvements begin to positively impact our financial position.
For the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016, revenues were $5.3 million. That compares of $5.5 million in the prior year's first quarter. This reflects the intentional decrease in revenue from the significant legacy, lower margin customer that we've been discussing in prior quarters and this is partially offset by an increase in revenue from our sell side clients as well as continued growth in SRAXmd.

Gross profit for the quarter was $2 million and that compares to $2.3 million in the first quarter of last year. Our gross margin was 38.4% and that compares to 41.8% in the prior year's first quarter. This is reflective of lower revenue and lower margin profile on our buy side business.
First quarter 2017 operating expenses were $5.3 million. That is included $4.4 million in SG&A which saw the continuation of our enhanced sales initiatives from last year. We were one more quarter before these year-over-year comparisons begin to normalize.
There was that $378,000 restructuring charge in quarter that related to our buy side reorganization and a $469,000 write-off for a non-compete agreement. All total this compared to $3.8 million in the first quarter of 2016.
Other income included lower interest expense, greater amortization and a $1.9 million benefit related to the accretion of the political warrants from our issuance in January through quarter end. We expect this to be partially offset by a charge related to the repurchase of those warrants that happen in conjunction with our recently announced financing in the second quarter.
Our net loss was $2 million in the quarter compared to $2.4 million in the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted EBITDA with a loss of $1.7 million compared to adjusted EBITDA loss of $980,000 in the first quarter of 2016.
As Chris mentioned earlier, we've been working on enhancing liquidity and we initiated a debt financing in the first quarter that then closed in the second quarter with net proceeds of approximately $4.5 million.
With regard to equity, there are approximately 8 million common shares of approximately $2.9 million warrants outstanding and I would like to end by saying the quarter performed as expected and we positioned the company for growth in 2017.
We are reaffirming 2017 guidance. We continue to expect 2017 revenue to range between $45 million and $50 million and we reiterate 2017 adjusted EBITDA guidance of between $2 million and $5 million.
And now with that, I'd like to turn the call back to Chris.
Christopher Miglino
Thanks J.P. and Erin. Over the past year, we've done a lot of work to improve our revenue base, expand our offerings and establish a better cost structure. We're posed to reap the benefits starting in the second quarter.
Last week, we held our Annual Sales Meeting and I can assure you the team is excited about all the opportunities with these new products.
And with that said, we now like to open the call for any questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator instructions] At this time, we'll go to James McIlree with Chardan Capital. Please go ahead.
James McIlree
Thank you and good afternoon. Chris, in your comments you said that -- hi, Chris in your comments you said that $4.5 million in you raise is you'll have will give you working capital to grow the business and satisfy certain obligations. Could you elaborate on what certain obligations are? How much they are? When they're due and I have a couple of others after that.
Christopher Miglino
Sure. So, we had a -- as many of you know there was a put right that M3 had on some of their warrants, which was a financial instrument, which had a benefit as the value of the stock went down, the value of the put warrant went up.
And we used around $2.5 million of the money to buy that put warrant back from Empree and thus there's no more incentive to drive the price of the stock down.
So that was one very important piece that we had to work towards getting taking care of because they actually had the right to put that back to us and if we didn't have the ability to pay them back, they would've had the ability to take that in stock.
So, we had to get that taken care of. So, we did and I think that will be a good thing for the stock and the maximum value that they were able to glean from the put value was right down in the $1, $1.96 range or $0.90 range.

So, they maximize the value of that put and we're able to buy that back. We had certain obligations that were due from just some people that we had owed some money to and continue to owe some money to. So, we took care of some of those -- some of those obligations.
There was also a put right that Victory Park Capital had some warrants that they have in the company, but they have not put that warrant to us although they have the right to do that and once they do that, I think we have around 45 to 60 days to pay them back that money once they put that to us.
So, I will mention that in the financing that we just completed, there is also a green shoe that is available in that financing that can come into effect after a shareholder meeting which has been put in product. So, we anticipate having that meeting in the next, J.P. what's the date of that meeting if you -- do know the date of the meeting?
J.P. Hannan
Yeah it was June 23.
Christopher Miglino
June 23. So, we have the ability to -- those investors have the ability to put an additional $3 million into the company as well, which we anticipate that they will do. Although there's no guarantee that that will happen, they've given us the indications that provided the shareholder approval, there will be an additional $3 million that will come into the company from that.
James McIlree
And J.P., the eight million shares outstanding and $2.9 million warrants that does today or at the quarter end?
J.P. Hannan
Actually both. 
James McIlree
Okay.
J.P. Hannan
So, the shares or both the -- we repurchased 380,000 warrants as part of this financing that Chris just described in the second quarter, so it's slightly lower.
James McIlree
Okay. And so, are there more -- after you buy the 2.5 million of the put warrants, are there -- is that the entire -- is that the entire amount or the put warrants or are there more out there?
J.P. Hannan
That is the entirety of their position. The warrants that have put rate features attached to it. They hold every warrants because they're just straight warrants.
James McIlree
Yeah. Okay. Great but then the -- go ahead.
J.P. Hannan
The ability for them to put the -- the ability for them to put anything to us from Empree has gone away.
James McIlree
Right, got it. Okay. And the intentional reduction in the legacy customer, is that going to continue in Q2 or that all gone now?
Christopher Miglino
There is some of that in Q2, but that really started a year ago in the second quarter. So, you're starting -- the numbers will start to normalize in the year-over-year disparities, will start to be more clean and be more apples to apples.
James McIlree
If we look at Q1 this year versus Q1 last year, about what is the dollar impact on that intentional reduction?
Christopher Miglino
I don't have that in front of me. I can definitely get back with you offline on that though.
James McIlree
Okay. Great. That's helpful and then to hit the guidance, at the low end you're talking $40 million for the final three quarters, which is obviously a big jump from where you are now and it sounds like Q2 doesn’t get you back to normal. It gets you kind of to better than Q1 performance.
I am just wondering what's the big driver if we -- if you hit $40 million for the final three quarters, that's $30 per quarter. What's driving that big jump and I know there's a seasonality in Q1, let's ignore that, but even if we compare it to the year-over-year comparisons it's still a pretty big jump. I would just like understand what you're expecting to grow that quickly?
J.P. Hannan
Chris, could cover that.
Christopher Miglino
Last year, we didn't have a lot of revenue, coming from a couple of different products. There was no revenue into the second and third quarter for our reach product because we're still in development. Social wasn't fully developed and MD wasn't having the type of year that it is having now.

So, we're definitely benefiting from those and also, we've put a lot of efforts, while we saw a reduction in the buy side customer that we keep talking about, we've done a lot of work in improving and in building up the team on the buy side. So, their contribution is starting to become evident. So…
J.P. Hannan
If I look at that number, it's a decline of $2.9 million, is the number you were looking for and that's what's almost entirely been made up in the quarter of their new products.
James McIlree
Okay. Great. And I think let me ask one more before I get back in line, can you talk about the percent of revenues coming from buy side versus sell side this quarter versus either -- versus the prior quarter and a year ago quarter?
J.P. Hannan
We don't generally break that out and the different product lines we've not put that in our financials.
James McIlree
Okay. So, let me ask it, I understand that. Let me ask a different one then. So, if we looked at the buy side ex this legacy customer, did the buy side grow year-over-year again ex that legacy customer?
Christopher Miglino
I think that's a number that J.P. would have to do a little calculating on?
J.P. Hannan
I don't have that level of detail in front of me right now, but I think it was flat ex that one customer.
James McIlree
Okay. That's great. Thank you. And I'll jump back in line.
Operator
[Operator instructions] We'll take a follow-up from Jim McIlree with Chardan Capital.
James McIlree
Yeah, thanks again. So just looking at expenses J.P. I was a little bit, I don't want to say confuse, I just want to make sure I understand what the expense profile is going forward. So, you talked, I think you had some comment about SG&A \one more quarter before normalizing and I'm just a little bit confused as to what you mean by that?
J.P. Hannan
Midyear last year as there was a more holistic view of the buy side business. The decision was made to expand the sales team and there were a number of people hired that started in the second and third quarter that they were not there a year ago and so we're just comping through that expanded share of investment.
James McIlree
Okay. Okay. So, you're talking about that year-over-year comparison normalizing. So, the first half of this year is a bad comparison because we've got those extra salespeople where we didn't had them last year?
J.P. Hannan
Right.
James McIlree
But in the second half it will be normal because they're in both sides, right?
J.P. Hannan
Correct. Yes.
James McIlree
Okay. Okay. I get it, that makes sense. All right great. I think that does it. Thank you. 
Operator
[Operator instructions] That will conclude the Q&A session. I'll turn the call back over to Chris for closing remarks.
Christopher Miglino
Thanks for joining us today. We're really excited about 2017. We think we have some great opportunity, some great products are coming to market and we look forward to talking to you more about that into the next quarter.
We'll be meeting with investors later this week in New York City. If you're interested in talking to us or meeting with us, please contact LHA. We'll also be at the B Riley conference in late May and LD Micro Conference in early June.
So again, thank you very much for joining the call today. We really appreciate it.
Operator
And again, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Internet Software & Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All SRAX TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksFrontier Communications:  Short Interest Spikes To Record Levels At Mid-July... What Now?FTR• Today, 3:40 AM • The OwlNutanix: Patience And GrowthNTNX• Today, 3:23 AM • Chandler ClinkingbeardTelekom Austria AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTKAGY• Today, 2:09 AM • SA TranscriptsApple Is Overvalued, Buy It Anyway?AAPL• Today, 1:26 AM • PendragonY•21 CommentsRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Today, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•1 CommentWhat AT&T's Q2 Results Tell Us About The Dividend SafetyT• Today, 12:10 AM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsWhat Will Apple Build In Those '3 Big, Beautiful Plants'?AAPL• Yesterday, 11:34 PM • Mark Hibben•22 CommentsAT&T: Grand SlamT• Yesterday, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•32 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Yesterday, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson Investors•1 CommentAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•29 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Yesterday, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Yesterday, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•32 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•35 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Yesterday, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Yesterday, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•2 Comments4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Yesterday, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•7 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•11 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Yesterday, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•16 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•10 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Yesterday, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•63 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•8 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•5 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•28 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Yesterday, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Yesterday, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•2 CommentsAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•2 CommentsRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Yesterday, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Yesterday, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•96 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Yesterday, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•17 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating User Growth And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•50 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•21 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Yesterday, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Yesterday, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Yesterday, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Yesterday, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•5 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•34 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•11 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•68 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•26 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•14 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•123 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•22 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•7 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•53 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•20 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•22 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•36 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•80 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•16 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Mon, Jul. 24, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•31 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•247 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•17 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•19 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•14 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•19 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•32 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•18 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMG•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



AT&T (T) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


T•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•4 Comments 



Hawaiian Holdings' (HA) CEO Mark Dunkerley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 


Christopher Miglino, Social Reality Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Christopher "Chris" Miglino

President/CEO,
Social Reality Inc






Career History




President/CEO
Social Reality Inc, 1/2017-PRESENT


Co-Founder
Conscious Enlightenment, 8/2008-PRESENT


Co-Founder
Centerlinq, PRESENT


CEO/Co-Founder
Social Reality Inc, UNKNOWN-1/2017


Chief Executive Officer
Lime AD Network, 8/2008-3/2010


CEO/Co-Founder
Conscious Enlightenment, 6/2004-8/2008


Chairman/CEO/CFO/Co-Founder
Social Reality Inc, 4/2010-UNKNOWN


CEO/CFO/Co-Founder
Social Reality Inc, FORMER


CEO/Co-Founder
Centerlinq, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.srax.com






Corporate Information
Address:

456 Seaton Street
Los Angeles, CA 90013
United States


Phone:
1-323-694-9800


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.srax.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Social Reality Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Golden Bridge Yoga


Board Member, 2004-PRESENT




Social Reality Inc


Chairman, 4/2010-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































Christopher Miglino | Facebook





Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？Christopher MiglinoChristopher Miglino 正在使用 Facebook。注册 Facebook，与 Christopher Miglino 建立联系。登录或注册关于 Christopher Miglino工作SRAXCEO & Founder · 2010年至今 · 比佛利山Social Media 学历University of Southern California1991 毕业 · Finance · 洛杉矶1991De La Salle High School1986 毕业 · 康科德 (加利福尼亚州)1986所在地和家乡洛杉矶所在地纽约家乡关于 Christopher MiglinoIn search of love and world enlightenment喜爱的引言还不够文艺，没发现引言你关注的主页MusicAudioRaidersMoviesThe Ford Institute电视Take This LollipopGamesAOL运动员Conor "Notorious" McGregor运动队Me其他Pepsi 、Josh Tickell 、 KLM Royal Dutch Airlines、James Felton Keith 、 Samsung US、Stick-e Products 、 Weareimage、Chase 、 Cyndi Lee、Support A Soldier 、 Human Rights、Environmental Conservation 、 Education、Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation 、 Yoga People、 JCPenney、A los delincuentes, ojo por ojo 、 Sean Nowak, Skyline Home Loans、MANDALA 、 U.S. Senator Kamala Harris、Sleepnomore 、Barefoot Cay Resort 、 Mozi、Tractor Soda Co. 、 RingTV、SRMX 、Katz & Dogs Wellness Clinic 、 DMD Connects、LAX - Los Angeles International Airport 、 Chandanni Scholarship Fund、Powder Mountain 、Summit 、 Marci Zaroff、Beauty & Pin-Ups 、 Dr Suhas Kshirsagar、Chef V LLC 、MyLinda Morales-Yoga 、 Genius Ramses、Stacy Apple Photography & Editorials 、 SugarBabies、Spanish Hills Country Club 、SONIMA 、 L'Oasi del Fauno、Crowdruption 、 Mi Calexico、Todd Caldecott 、Gabriela Bozic 、 All-Travel、The Black Jaguar-White Tiger Foundation 、 Land Rover、Sadhvi Bhagawati Saraswati 、Pete Cashmore 、 Mommi、GoodBelly 、 National Geographic TV、Essentia Water 、YOGI TIMES 、 Emerald Lake Golf Club、Vermont Gran Fondo 、 Marianne Williamson、Visit West Hollywood 、Bobbi-Toads 、 Southern Living、CrawDaddy Dash 、 Loaded Barrel Studios、Vooluu.com 、GLITTERRINGS 、 Sprayground、Mooji 、 Proof Eyewear、PIRO Shoes 、Tommy Rosen 、 Powell Fishing Rods、Firm Body Evolution - FBE Spa 、 Vibrant Health、Share A Meal 、Rubicon Project 、 Tiengarden Vegan Kitchen、International Yoga Festival 、 JetSuite、Meaghan Townsend 、Michael Stone 、 Chess Edwards - Awakening Spiritual Vitality、Tocaconmigo 、 Wristband Connection、Derek Beres 、Munchkin 、 TomTom、Elon Musk 、 LivnGiv、Amy Graves Photography 、Samantha Mehra 、 Cool Catalogs Online、Bespoke Ibiza 、 Grubhub、Qantas 、 Kenmore、SeaNet: Smart Yacht Ownership 、 Contrarian Press、Pujya Swami Chidanand Saraswatiji - Muniji 、Staples 、 Pepsi、Exegete Coffee 、 Dunkin' Donuts、Max Simon 、Electric Car Community 、 Zobha、DEMOapps 、 California Strawberry Festival、Wolford 、USC Kappa Sigma 、 SR Groupad Demo、Sukhdev Jackson 、 Del Taco、Equinox 、method home 、 Grape-Nuts、Moksha Festival 、 Nissan、Test page 1 、Hotel Araiza 、 The Babarazzi、Meditation Foundation 、 Fiat、Janet Bray Attwood 、AMS - Applied Merchant 、 Gee You Are You、Soma Intimates 、 Roberts-Saluti、Instyler fake 、Build.com 、 GroupAd、Yahweh Yoga 、 Micheline Berry、MediaMath 、Yulady Saluti Yoga 、 Salesforce、The 1909 、 Data.com、Calvin Klein 、adidas Originals 、 Mobil 1、JBL 、 Holiday Inn、SoBe 、Dunkin' Donuts 、 Ram Trucks、Chobani 、 Osho Los Angeles、Kasasa 、Circle K West 、 Liquid Thread、Julian Aureliano 、 AdEspresso、FOREVER DREAM FOUNDATION-FUNDACION FOREVER DREAM 、Appforma 、 Amber Arbucci、CHARGED Electric Vehicles Magazine 、 Kleenex UK & Ireland、Yahoo Gemini 、SoCalFord 、 AAA、Sales Cloud 、 Nissan Electric、Beth Kanter 、My App Tester 、 Nissan、Land Rover 、 Pantene North America、Seventh Generation 、TomTom 、 National Geographic TV展开照片+1,425查看更多照片其他名字相似的用户Christopher BockmanChristopher Blake CowartChristopher LowellChristopher MooreChristopher BurnsPhil Christopher联系方式网站http://www.socialreality.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/miglino中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017











Christopher Miglino 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















    Christopher Miglino | SRAX | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Christopher M Miglino - Camarillo, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Christopher M Miglino in Camarillo, CA


Christopher M Miglino

                                                                           Intelius found that Christopher M Miglino  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Camarillo, CA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Chris  Miglino


Get Report Now

Age

Christopher M Miglino is in his 40s

Christopher Has Lived In

Camarillo, CA
Van Nuys, CA
Corona Del Mar, CA

Christopher's Relatives

Mariam Miglino
Kathi Dana







Christopher M Miglino



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
CEO and Co-founder at Social Reality, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Christopher? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Christopher, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Christopher M Miglino
Get a Criminal Check on Christopher M Miglino
Get a Public Record Report on Christopher M Miglino
Get a People Search Report on Christopher M Miglino


Christopher M Miglino's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Christopher M Miglino has lived as well as Christopher M Miglino's phone numbers and email addresses.




Christopher M Miglino Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Christopher M Miglino


102 L* P***** D* 

Camarillo, CA


Has Lived In

Camarillo, CA
Van Nuys, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Christopher M Miglino

(310) ***-**** - Venice, CA 
(323) ***-**** - Camarillo, CA 
() ***-**** - Camarillo, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Christopher M Miglino

c*******1@***.com


Get Email Report




Christopher M Miglino's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Christopher M Miglino's academic history.  Find out which schools Christopher M Miglino attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Christopher M Miglino received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher M Miglino Has Attended 4 Schools
University of Southern California 1986 – 1991               Christopher M Miglino has a Bs in Finance               
University of Southern California               1986 – 1991               Christopher M Miglino has a Bs, in Finance               
University of Southern California               1986 – 1991               Christopher M Miglino has a Bs, Finance in Finance               
La Salle High School               1982 – 1986                              


Christopher M Miglino's Professional Information
Information regarding Christopher M Miglino's professional history.  Find out previous places Christopher M Miglino has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher M Miglino Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Social Reality, Inc.
               Title: CEO and Co-founder
Christopher M Miglino's Experience
Title: CEO and Co-founder
               Company: Social Reality, Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Christopher M Miglino

 See Christopher M Miglino's LinkedIn Profile



Christopher M Miglino's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Christopher M Miglino


Christopher M Miglino's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Christopher M Miglino's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Christopher Miglino
Username Matches

                  ChristopherMiglino
                  MiglinoChristopher
                  Christopher.Miglino
                  Miglino.Christopher
                  Christopher_Miglino
                  Miglino_Christopher
                  Christopher-Miglino
                  Miglino-Christopher
                  CMiglino
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Miglino







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















