




Adam Mikkelsen's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Adam Mikkelsen#668800@adam_mikkelsenOdd Company17Following15FollowersFollow1 UpvoteWheelys Bike CaféThe Swiss army knife of food vendingTech+ 3 save 96 9Share this profile


















Adam Mikkelson appointed to Masimo Corporation Board.
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Mr. Adam  MikkelsonPartner, Camber Capital Management LLCBoston, MAHe joined Camber in 2007, focusing on identifying investment opportunities in the therapeutic and medical device sectors. Previously he held various roles at Datamonitor PLC and Leerink Partners.2017 First QuarterAdded to: Masimo Corp. - Irvine, CAMasimo is a medical technology company offering noninvasive patient monitoring products. Revenues are $657 million.















 















 






















Masimo appoints Adam Mikkelson to its Board of Directors





























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Masimo appoints Adam Mikkelson to its Board of Directors Masimo appoints Adam Mikkelson to its Board of Directors








October 27, 2016
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies


– USA, CA – Masimo (NASDAQ: MASI), a global innovator of noninvasive patient monitoring technologies, announced today that Adam Mikkelson, Partner at Camber Capital Management, LLC, has been elected to Masimo’s Board of Directors.
Mr. Mikkelson has been with Camber Capital Management, a healthcare-focused investment fund, since 2007. He has almost 15 years of experience in the healthcare investment arena, focused on identifying and actively monitoring opportunities in both the therapeutic and medical device sectors. He received his B.Sc. in Business Administration from Boston University.
“Adam’s investment experience and deep knowledge of the medical device industry made him an ideal candidate for Masimo’s Board of Directors,” said Joe Kiani, Founder, Chairman, and CEO of Masimo. “His insight into our complex health care system and his standing in the investment community will be invaluable.”
“I’m excited to be joining Masimo’s Board,” said Mr. Mikkelson. “As a healthcare investor, I’ve enjoyed watching Masimo grow over the years via the continued adoption of its innovative monitoring technologies. I hope that I can make positive contributions to an already strong Board to drive long-term value for Masimo and its shareholders.”
About Masimo
Masimo (NASDAQ: MASI) is a global leader in innovative noninvasive monitoring technologies. Our mission is to improve patient outcomes and reduce the cost of care by taking noninvasive monitoring to new sites and applications. In 1995, the company debuted Masimo SET® Measure-through Motion and Low Perfusion™ pulse oximetry, which has been shown in multiple studies to significantly reduce false alarms and accurately monitor for true alarms. Masimo SET® is estimated to be used on more than 100 million patients in leading hospitals and other healthcare settings around the world. In 2005, Masimo introduced rainbow® Pulse CO-Oximetry technology, allowing noninvasive and continuous monitoring of blood constituents that previously could only be measured invasively, including total hemoglobin (SpHb®), oxygen content (SpOC™), carboxyhemoglobin (SpCO®), methemoglobin (SpMet®), and more recently, Pleth Variability Index (PVI®) and Oxygen Reserve Index (ORi™), in addition to SpO2, pulse rate, and perfusion index (PI). In 2014, Masimo introduced Root®, an intuitive patient monitoring and connectivity platform with the Masimo Open Connect™ (MOC-9™) interface. Masimo is also taking an active leadership role in mHealth with products such as the Radius-7™ wearable patient monitor and the MightySat™ fingertip pulse oximeter.
For more information, visit www.masimo.com
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Masimo adds Tom Harkin to its Board of DirectorsAtheer adds Joe Kiani to its Board along with raising $14m Series B funding round co-led by Signatures Capital and Streamlined VenturesVestagen appoints Bill Bold to its Board as CEO along with raising $7m financing led by Advent Life Sciences and HealthQuest CapitalTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


QuintilesIMS appoints Colleen Goggins to its Board of Directors
July 26, 2017



Fuel Tech announces CEO Vincent Arnone to additional role of Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 25, 2017



Amphenol appoints John Craig to its Board of Directors
July 25, 2017



Marine Products appoints Pam Rollins to the Board of Directors
July 25, 2017



AvalonBay Communities announces upcoming appointment of Steve Hills to its Board of Directors
July 25, 2017











Random BoardsQuandooStaubliKey CapitalNavios Maritime PartnersAceto Corporation











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -





























 

Adam Mikkelson's involvement in venture capital (via Liberty Storage South Daytona Lllp, Liberty Vp Clearwater Lllp, Liberty Ws Tampa Fletcher Lllp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/199342-mikkelson-adamsection=people&subsection=detail&id=199342




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


AdamMikkelsonGet alertedif Adam Mikkelson gets funded!Adam MikkelsonLiberty Storage South Daytona Lllp - Executive OfficerLiberty Vp Clearwater Lllp - Executive OfficerLiberty Ws Tampa Fletcher Lllp - Executive OfficerDeals involving Adam MikkelsonUndisclosed raised with Liberty Storage South Daytona Lllp on August, 2014Undisclosed raised with Liberty Vp Clearwater Lllp on February, 2015Undisclosed raised with Liberty Ws Tampa Fletcher Lllp on January, 2016Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Adam Mikkelson on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment! 



Adam Mikkelson of Camber Capital Management Joins Masimo’s Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Adam Mikkelson of Camber Capital Management Joins Masimo’s Board of 
      Directors






October 27, 2016 05:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time



IRVINE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Masimo 
      (NASDAQ: MASI), a global innovator of noninvasive patient monitoring 
      technologies, announced today that Adam Mikkelson, Partner at Camber 
      Capital Management, LLC, has been elected to Masimo’s Board of Directors.
    


      Mr. Mikkelson has been with Camber Capital Management, a 
      healthcare-focused investment fund, since 2007. He has almost 15 years 
      of experience in the healthcare investment arena, focused on identifying 
      and actively monitoring opportunities in both the therapeutic and 
      medical device sectors. He received his B.Sc. in Business Administration 
      from Boston University.
    

      “Adam’s investment experience and deep knowledge of the medical device 
      industry made him an ideal candidate for Masimo’s Board of Directors,” 
      said Joe Kiani, Founder, Chairman, and CEO of Masimo. “His insight into 
      our complex health care system and his standing in the investment 
      community will be invaluable.”
    

      “I’m excited to be joining Masimo’s Board,” said Mr. Mikkelson. “As a 
      healthcare investor, I’ve enjoyed watching Masimo grow over the years 
      via the continued adoption of its innovative monitoring technologies. I 
      hope that I can make positive contributions to an already strong Board 
      to drive long-term value for Masimo and its shareholders.”
    

@MasimoInnovates 
      | #Masimo
    

About Masimo


      Masimo (NASDAQ: MASI) is a global leader in innovative noninvasive 
      monitoring technologies. Our mission is to improve patient outcomes and 
      reduce the cost of care by taking noninvasive monitoring to new sites 
      and applications. In 1995, the company debuted Masimo SET® 
      Measure-through Motion and Low Perfusion™ pulse oximetry, which has been 
      shown in multiple studies to significantly reduce false alarms and 
      accurately monitor for true alarms. Masimo SET® is estimated 
      to be used on more than 100 million patients in leading hospitals and 
      other healthcare settings around the world. In 2005, Masimo introduced 
      rainbow® Pulse CO-Oximetry technology, allowing noninvasive 
      and continuous monitoring of blood constituents that previously could 
      only be measured invasively, including total hemoglobin (SpHb®), 
      oxygen content (SpOC™), carboxyhemoglobin (SpCO®), 
      methemoglobin (SpMet®), and more recently, Pleth Variability 
      Index (PVI®) and Oxygen Reserve Index (ORi™), in addition to 
      SpO2, pulse rate, and perfusion index (PI). In 2014, Masimo 
      introduced Root®, an intuitive patient monitoring and 
      connectivity platform with the Masimo Open Connect™ (MOC-9™) interface. 
      Masimo is also taking an active leadership role in mHealth with products 
      such as the Radius-7™ wearable patient monitor and the MightySat™ 
      fingertip pulse oximeter. Additional information about Masimo and its 
      products may be found at www.masimo.com.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release includes forward-looking statements as defined in 
      Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the 
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in connection with the Private 
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking 
      statements are based on current expectations about future events 
      affecting us and are subject to risks and uncertainties, all of which 
      are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control and 
      could cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from 
      those expressed in our forward-looking statements as a result of various 
      risk factors, including, but not limited to: risks related to our 
      assumptions regarding the repeatability of clinical results; risks 
      related to our belief that Masimo's unique noninvasive measurement 
      technologies contribute to positive clinical outcomes and patient 
      safety; risks related to our belief that Masimo noninvasive medical 
      breakthroughs provide cost-effective solutions and unique advantages; as 
      well as other factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of our 
      most recent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
      ("SEC"), which may be obtained for free at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
      Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our 
      forward-looking statements are reasonable, we do not know whether our 
      expectations will prove correct. All forward-looking statements included 
      in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the 
      foregoing cautionary statements. You are cautioned not to place undue 
      reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of 
      today's date. We do not undertake any obligation to update, amend or 
      clarify these statements or the "Risk Factors" contained in our most 
      recent reports filed with the SEC, whether as a result of new 
      information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under 
      the applicable securities laws.
    




Contacts

Investor Contact:MasimoEli Kammerman949-297-7077ekammerman@masimo.comorMedia 
      Contact:MasimoEvan Lamb949-396-3376elamb@masimo.com
















Release Summary
Masimo announced today that Adam Mikkelson, Partner at Camber Capital Management, LLC, has been elected to Masimo’s Board of Directors.






Contacts

Investor Contact:MasimoEli Kammerman949-297-7077ekammerman@masimo.comorMedia 
      Contact:MasimoEvan Lamb949-396-3376elamb@masimo.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 

Search Tag: Adam Mikkelson | HealthManagement.org


 





































































 












All

Imaging

ICU

EXEC

IT

Cardio
Search Tag: Adam Mikkelson






Adam Mikkelson of Camber Capital Management Joins Masimo’s Board of Directors


2016 28 Oct



Masimo (NASDAQ: MASI), a global innovator of noninvasive patient monitoring technologies, announced today that Adam Mikkelson, Partner at Camber Capital Management, LLC, has been elected to Masimo’s Board of Directors.Mr. Mikkelson has been with Camber Capital Management, a healthcare-focused investment fund, since 2007. He has almost 15 years of experience...
Read more




















JOIN OUR MANAGEMENT COMMUNITYChoose subscription channel
Choose Channel Hospital Products & Services / Lab / Dental and similarICU / Critical Care & Emergency MedicineRadiology / ImagingHealthcare IT and Medical InformaticsCardiology / Electrophysiology & Vascular


Industry
Point-of-Care Ultrasound Takes to the Skies
 EHAAT crew members and the SonoSite team with the new helicopterSonoSite...
Read moreSphere Medical Proxima™ Bedside Blood Gas Monitoring System Compatible with Philips IntelliVue
As a patient dedicated system,
Proxima is always connected to the patient...
Read moreUPMC, considers opportunities to join Moscow International Medical Cluster
UPMC, world-renowned
health care provider from USA, arrived on official...
Read morePhilips Speeds Up Research and Biomarker Discovery with Major Upgrade 
Royal Philips (NYSE: PHG, AEX: PHIA), a global leader in health techno...
Read moreClinical Trials Demonstrate Benefits of iFR Compared to FFR
The DEFINE FLAIR and iFR Swedeheart studies establish that iFR offers a...
Read more



Events Calendar




















Movers & Shakers
Catherine Estrampes Appointed President & CEO of GE Healthcare Europe
Catherine Estrampes has been announced as President &
CEO for GE Healthcare...
Read moreEOS imaging Appoints Mike Lobinsky to Newly Created Position of President, North America
Proven executive experienced in orthopedics and medical imaging will lead...
Read moreJohn Ormiston Awarded the EuroPCR 2017 Ethica Award
The 2017 Ethica Award, the highest honour of the European cardiovascular...
Read morePrimex Pharmaceuticals Appoints Jostein Davidsen and Angelo Colombo as Board Members
Swiss pharmaceutical group Primex Pharmaceuticals AG announces new board...
Read moreNew President of Sectra’s Secure Communications Business Area
Simo Pykälistö, currently CFO and Executive Vice President of Sectra AB...
Read more

JOIN OUR MANAGEMENT COMMUNITYChoose subscription channel
Choose Channel Hospital Products & Services / Lab / Dental and similarICU / Critical Care & Emergency MedicineRadiology / ImagingHealthcare IT and Medical InformaticsCardiology / Electrophysiology & Vascular





















































Tweets by @ehealthmgmt




JOIN OUR MANAGEMENT COMMUNITYChoose subscription channel
Choose Channel Hospital Products & Services / Lab / Dental and similarICU / Critical Care & Emergency MedicineRadiology / ImagingHealthcare IT and Medical InformaticsCardiology / Electrophysiology & Vascular




Back to top






 

 Adam Mikkelson of Camber Capital Management Joins Masimo’s Board of Directors
- HealthManagement.org







































































 














ICU MENU


Loading...









Adam Mikkelson of Camber Capital Management Joins Masimo’s Board of Directors






 Share




Masimo (NASDAQ: MASI), a global innovator of noninvasive patient monitoring technologies, announced today that Adam Mikkelson, Partner at Camber Capital Management, LLC, has been elected to Masimo’s Board of Directors.Mr. Mikkelson has been with Camber Capital Management, a healthcare-focused investment fund, since 2007. He has almost 15 years of experience in the healthcare investment arena, focused on identifying and actively monitoring opportunities in both the therapeutic and medical device sectors. He received his B.Sc. in Business Administration from Boston University.“Adam’s investment experience and deep knowledge of the medical device industry made him an ideal candidate for Masimo’s Board of Directors,” said Joe Kiani, Founder, Chairman, and CEO of Masimo. “His insight into our complex health care system and his standing in the investment community will be invaluable.”“I’m excited to be joining Masimo’s Board,” said Mr. Mikkelson. “As a healthcare investor, I’ve enjoyed watching Masimo grow over the years via the continued adoption of its innovative monitoring technologies. I hope that I can make positive contributions to an already strong Board to drive long-term value for Masimoand its shareholders.”Source & Image Credit: Masimo

Published on : Fri, 28 Oct 2016








Masimo,
Board of Directors,
Adam Mikkelson



Adam Mikkelson,Masimo,Board of Directors
Masimo,a global innovator of noninvasive patient monitoring technologies, announced today that Adam Mikkelson, Partner at Camber Capital Management, LLC, has been elected to Masimo’s Board of Directors.



No comment
Please login to leave a comment... 


Highlighted Products 
NovaPort cannulas
The safe access to the vascular system

NovaPort cannulas: The safe access to the vascular system. NovaPort® twin double lumen cannulas are specifically developed for veno-venous vascular access. NovaPort one single lumen cannulas are specifically developed for the percutaneous connection (KU)...

HAMILTON-C3 Ventilator: The compact high-end ventilation solution

The HAMILTON-C3 ventilator is a modular high-end ventilation solution for all patient groups. Offering a number of unique features, the HAMILTON-C3 is one of the first ventilators featuring the “Ventilation Autopilot” INTELLiVENT-ASV®. The HAMILTON-C3’s...

AQURE POC
Management System

Get an complete overview of your POCT setup - from one dashboard
 
Your point-of-care-testing setup probably involves many different types of devices from various manufacturers.  Radiometer's AQURE point-of-care management system can give you an overview...

HAMILTON-T1 Ventilator : Intelligent transport ventilation

The HAMILTON-T1 combines for the first time the functionality of a fully featured intensive care unit ventilator with the compactness and ruggedness required for transport. This is why the HAMILTON-T1 enables you to provide optimal ventilation therapy...
 PreviousNext
















JOIN OUR MANAGEMENT COMMUNITYChoose subscription channel
Choose Channel Hospital Products & Services / Lab / Dental and similarICU / Critical Care & Emergency MedicineRadiology / ImagingHealthcare IT and Medical InformaticsCardiology / Electrophysiology & Vascular


Industry
Sphere Medical Proxima™ Bedside Blood Gas Monitoring System Compatible with Philips IntelliVue
As a patient dedicated system,
Proxima is always connected to the patient...
Read moreStudy Compares Performance of Masimo Next Generation SedLine® PSi to Original PSi During Anesthesia
 Masimo (NASDAQ: MASI) has announced the findings of an abstract prese
Read moreNew Study Investigates the Clinical Utility of ORi™, Masimo Oxygen Reserve Index™
Masimo (NASDAQ: MASI) has announced the findings of an abstract presen
Read more



Events Calendar




















Movers & Shakers
Primex Pharmaceuticals Appoints Jostein Davidsen and Angelo Colombo as Board Members
Swiss pharmaceutical group Primex Pharmaceuticals AG announces new board...
Read moreReijo Salonen, Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical R&D, is CTO of the Year 2017
Reijo Salonen, Orion's Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical R&D and Reetta...
Read moreAdam Mikkelson of Camber Capital Management Joins Masimo’s Board of Directors
Masimo (NASDAQ: MASI), a global innovator of noninvasive patient monit...
Read more

JOIN OUR MANAGEMENT COMMUNITYChoose subscription channel
Choose Channel Hospital Products & Services / Lab / Dental and similarICU / Critical Care & Emergency MedicineRadiology / ImagingHealthcare IT and Medical InformaticsCardiology / Electrophysiology & Vascular





















































Tweets by @ICU_Management




JOIN OUR MANAGEMENT COMMUNITYChoose subscription channel
Choose Channel Hospital Products & Services / Lab / Dental and similarICU / Critical Care & Emergency MedicineRadiology / ImagingHealthcare IT and Medical InformaticsCardiology / Electrophysiology & Vascular




Back to top







