


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Miller Welders










 
















Free Shipping All Orders Over $25



Miller Welders






Miller Build With Blue™ Summer Savings Promotion
Rebate


Miller MIG Welders


Miller TIG Welders


Miller Stick Welders


Miller Plasma Cutters


Miller Multiprocess Welders


Miller Engine Driven Welders/Generators


Miller Multioperator Welders


Spot Welders


TIG Torches & Parts


Miller Spoolguns and Wire Feeders


Miller MIG Guns And Parts


Miller ArcStation Workbench


Miller Fume Extractors


Miller Welding Protective Clothing & Eyewear


Miller Accessories


Miller/Hobart Warranty








Call us toll free


1-888-328-9890


Business Hours: M-F 7:30-7:30 EDT







Keep track with us!







VIEW FULL SITE



  Copyright © 2017 Cyberweld
    
  All Rights Reserved.
  
  

  The Cyberweld© name, logo and the slogan "Weld with your mouse"© are registered service marks of J.W. Goodliffe & Son, Inc.


 


























Howard Miller Christopher Mantel Clock - Mantel Clocks at Hayneedle




































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






Rooms
Styles
Ideas
Free Shipping Over $49
Call Us:
						1.866.530.4155
			 			
Guest # 1-967-974-323




















 in 







 Favorites











 Account













0


My Cart
Your cart is currently empty.Sign in to see items you might have added previously.








Qty: 



View all items in my cart


Checkout










Furniture


Outdoor


Decor


Baby & Kids


Bed & Bath


Kitchen & Dining


Lighting


Pets


Home Improvement


Seasonal Shop


More ...


Sale



















Exclusive Furniture Event

Cut-a-Rug Sale

Nursery & Kids Furniture Sale

Style Spotlight: Farmhouse




Hayneedle

Decor

Clocks


Mantel Clocks



Item # HMI266











Full Screen
















Howard Miller Christopher Mantel Clock
by  Howard Miller


$250.00

$17900


28% OFF




























1 Reviews






















Add To Cart

























FREE Shipping
arrives by Aug 02





														Upgrade to get it sooner
													












Product Overview

Specifications


Delivery




Price Match Guarantee – talk to our product specialists&excl; Call 866-579-5183
8&period;5H x 17&period;75W x 4&period;75D inches
Windsor Cherry finish with convex crystal glass cover
Quartz movement and battery-operated
Hourly chimes with automatic night shut-off


More Product Info




								Dimensions
							

								8.5H x 17.75W x 4.75D
							

								Weight
							

								5 LB
							

								Brand
							

								Howard Miller
							

								Configuration
							

								Retirement Occasion4
							
More Specs







Similar Mantel Clocks
Shop All Mantel Clocks








6

$279.00








12

$89.95








6

$161.10








2

$189.95








5

$72.99








0

$241.95








2

$549.00








3

$179.00








0

$219.95








0

$196.90








1

$299.00








1

$105.72












Product Information




Overview

Price Match Guarantee – talk to our product specialists&excl; Call 866-579-5183
8&period;5H x 17&period;75W x 4&period;75D inches
Windsor Cherry finish with convex crystal glass cover
Quartz movement and battery-operated
Hourly chimes with automatic night shut-off




What's Included

Mantel clock
Battery




Description
The distinctive Howard Miller Christopher Mantel Clock has been styled in a traditional tambour shape. Crafted from select hardwoods and veneers with a rich Windsor Cherry finish, it makes an exquisite accent piece or gift. The off-white dial features a convex glass crystal, polished brass bezel, black Roman numerals and brass second hand. With reliable battery-operated quartz, movement, this clock will play Westminster chimes on the hour and counts the hour. An automatic nighttime chime shut-off option is also available. It comes complete with the required battery.



About Howard Miller

There's a certain level of expectation that comes with the Howard Miller name. And then there's the steady stream of surprises that make you stop in your tracks and take a second look. From traditional to hot trends and floor clocks to wine furniture, you'll find even more than you expected at Howard Miller. Fine details, expert craftsmanship, and beautiful materials; no matter what your taste or budget, a Howard Miller clock fits the bill.
Beginning in the 1920s, Howard Miller clocks have impressed all who see them with superior quality and design. Howard Miller wall, floor, and mantel clocks are crafted to last for generations and to perfectly accent your home.

The company's founder, Howard C. Miller, began manufacturing wall and mantel clocks in Michigan. Evolving to encompass cabinet making and other furniture design - all renowned for quality and style - the Howard Miller company proudly stands behind its reputation as the World's Largest Clock Manufacturer.

									Shop All Howard Miller
								







Technical Details



Specifications


									Dimensions
								

								
									8.5H x 17.75W x 4.75D
								
								



									Weight
								

								
									5 LB
								
								



									Brand
								

								
									Howard Miller
								
								



									Configuration
								

								
									Retirement Occasion4
								
								



									Feature
								

								
									Night Shut-off
								
									Chiming
								
									Quartz
								
								



									Finish Color
								

								
									Cherry
								
								



									Frame Material
								

								
									Wood
								
								



									Height (in.)
								

								
									8.5
								
								



									International Shipping
								

								
									Canada
								
								



									Movement
								

								
									Quartz
								
								



									Style
								

								
									Traditional
								
									Transitional
								
								



									Type
								

								
									Tambour
								
								



									Width (in.)
								

								
									17.75
								
								







Reviews









REVIEW SNAPSHOT®by PowerReviewsHoward Miller Christopher Mantel Clock - 635101 3.0(based on 1 review)Ratings Distribution5 Stars (0)4 Stars (0)3 Stars (1)2 Stars (0)1 Stars (0)Write a ReviewReviewed by 1 customerClear all filtersDisplaying review 1Back to topMar152009(3 of 3 customers found this review helpful) 3.0Disappointing workmamship By Senior housewifefrom Miranda, CAAbout Me Midrange ShopperProsAttractive DesignClear DisplayKeeps Good TimeReliableConsPoor workmanshipBest UsesDecorationComments about Howard Miller Christopher Mantel Clock - 635101:Very attractive clock, but my husband had to repair it before we used it.  The face and hands were loose - the hole in the center for the hands to attach to the works was way to big.  The works almost fell out as the screws were loose.  After 2 weeks, the chimes stopped.  We thought it might be the batteries so we changed them.  No luck.  Then my husband (a retired mechanic) spotted a wire on the chiming mechanism that was loose.  He fixed that and it works fine.  The quality of the parts are good, but the overall quality control is very poor.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend(3 of 3 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewDisplaying review 1Back to top










Sponsored Links

Mantel Clocks
















 































Howard Miller Christopher Mantel Clock - Bed Bath & Beyond

































Skip to Primary Content 
Skip to Navigation 
    JavaScript Disabled Bed Bath & Beyond works best with JavaScript enabled. To learn how to enable JavaScript in the most popular web browsers View PDF.   



















Please Enable CookiesCookies are required for our site to function properly. Please go to your browser settings and enable cookies. 




 buybuy BABYOpens a new window Cost Plus World MarketOpens a new window Christmas Tree ShopsOpens a new window Harmon Face ValuesOpens a new window Of A KindOpens a new window One Kings LaneOpens a new window Personalization MallOpens a new window 




  



 













  




  Free Shipping  on Orders over $29 details     Free Truck Delivery shop now    




	                                    Find A Store  

You May Like...   

									 	Track Order
Contact Us
Gift Cards

 Ship To   

   






Products
Opens a flyout



 Gifts


 Personalized Gifts


 Bedding


 Bath


 Kitchen


 Dining


 Home Decor


 Furniture


 Storage & Cleaning


 Outdoor


 Baby & Kids


 Health & Beauty


 More


 Shops


LOOK LOVE Healthy Living Designer Picks Shop by Brand Shop For College New Arrivals  Clearance & Savings
  

Trends & Ideas Opens a flyout



LOOK LOVE


Look Love
Experience our new curated collections showcasing modern, eclectic and traditional styles to suit all your decorating needs.
Shop All Look Love




brooklyn 






luxe fabrications 






mid century mash-up 






flea market chic 






coastal 





Shop the Room


Shop the Room
Design the room of your dreams effortlessly with the help of our Shop the Room guide. Filled with unique and beautiful pieces made to cater to your taste, the carefully curated rooms showcase an array of styles destined to be perfect for you and your home. Shop All Rooms

 

 
Bedroom




 
Living Room




 
Bathroom



 
 
 



Designer Picks


Designer Picks
Designers put together their favorite finds from throughout our website to create showcase spaces. Get ready to be inspired.
Shop All Designer Picks




Holiday Hostess
By Jaclyn Cusenza Real Simple





Small Space Outdoor Living
By Kyle Schuneman





From Runway To Hideaway
By Christian Siriano





Bright White Cottage
By Kristen Payne Coastal Living





Kaleidoscope Bedroom
By Sarah Pipps Aeropostale





Healthy Living


Well Beyond
A program designed to support overall well-being that includes dozens of smart solutions to improve nutrition, sleep, fitness, relaxation and your home environment. Shop All Healthy Living


 
Eat Better




 
Get Fit




 
Clean & Purify




 
Sleep Well




 
Relax & Restore






Shops


Shops
Discover a curated assortment of products and solutions to fit your lifestyle.
View All Shops




Coastal 






Fine Linens 






Summer Shop 






Smart Innovation






Sleepaway Camp








Above & Beyond Blog Opens a new window


Bed Bath & Beyond TV Opens a new window


Photo Gallery






        Mover
        Opens a flyout




Shop Mover




Checklists


Moving Checklists
Make sure to tick off every item on these to-do lists, from greeting your movers at your old house to rolling out the rug in your new one. 
See All Checklists




The Ultimate Moving Checklist






The Master Moving Day Checklist






Your Last Box Checklist






Post Move - Shopping Trip Checklist






Post Move - Home Essentials Checklist






Your Mover Blog


We've Got your Back
Tips, tricks and smart solutions to make your move easier.
See All Tips & Advice




Planning & Packing






Moving Day






Organizing Your Space






Inspired Rooms






Settling In






Create a Registry


Create a Housewarming Registry
Getting Ready for life's ultimate status change, register now.



Housewarming






benefits of registering
Build your registry with friends
                            Invite your friends to recommend items they know you’ll love.
Expert consulting
                                From the start of your registry, our registry consultants are available for you.
Amazing selection
                                We've got everything for every room - stuff you will actually love receiving.
Hassle-free returns
                                Get duplicate gifts? No problem. You can return or exchange any gift on your list.










College
Opens a flyout





 


Registry
Opens a flyout


 












Search Products





submit your search    























 

 









Home
>

	Home Decor
	
>

	Clocks
	
>

	Mantel & Tabletop Clocks
	
>
Howard Miller Christopher Mantel Clock	










			
	
	
	Personalization is required to add item to cart or registry.
	
		 
 
	
















    

  





Howard Miller Christopher Mantel Clock



                                With an elegant Windsor Cherry finish, Westminster chimes, Roman numerals, sleek black hands, a brass second hand, and convex glass crystal with a brass-finished bezel, this Christopher Mantel Clock is a sophisticated timepiece that will enhance any room.
                            


The Christopher Mantel Clock is a graceful and sophisticated timepiece that will enhance any room
Classic Tambour-style mantle clock
Windsor Cherry finished on select hardwoods and veneers
Off-white dial with Roman numerals, brass second hand, polished brass-finished bezel, and convex glass crystal
Quartz, single-chime movement plays Westminster chimes on the hour and counts the hour
Volume control and automatic nighttime shut-off
Quartz movement
Requires 3 AA batteries (not included)
Measures 17-3/4" L x 4-3/4" W x 8-1/2" H
1-year manufacturer's warranty
Imported

SKU # 43121809   







Vendor Shipping Details
Gift Packaging Unavailable


Shipping Restrictions Details  








4.9 out of 5 stars for the product Howard Miller Christopher Mantel Clock


10
 Reviews 

Write a review

Share This Product





















 





	Personalize This
	

 Fee will be applied

 Return Policy



				LT_F_PRD_ID:=1043121809	LT_F_SKU_ID:=43121809	




Truck Delivery Options :



Select your delivery service level 

Truck Delivery Return Policy  


  Item(s) has been added to your Cart!






View and Manage Cart




											Upon selecting "close" you will be able to begin a new personalization.			 





$179.99$179.99
 Free Shipping on Orders Over $29  



						In Stock
	
	
			




Decrease Quantity  
Increase Quantity
   

  







OUT OF STOCK ONLINE


Notify me when this item is available. 
 













						has been added to the item price.
					



Edit

Remove 








											Price estimate is subject to change and is based on average rates and duration of project. Final payment will be due to Porch professional upon completion of work. Offers cannot be applied to Porch services.	 





























SKU # 43121809 







							Shop All Howard Miller 




SAVE FOR LATER

  







 



Similar Items
The item you viewed above is out of stock. We also suggest:















Product Information

Ratings & Reviews 

Product Q&Abeta





The Christopher Mantel Clock is a graceful and sophisticated timepiece that will enhance any room
Classic Tambour-style mantle clock
Windsor Cherry finished on select hardwoods and veneers
Off-white dial with Roman numerals, brass second hand, polished brass-finished bezel, and convex glass crystal
Quartz, single-chime movement plays Westminster chimes on the hour and counts the hour
Volume control and automatic nighttime shut-off
Quartz movement
Requires 3 AA batteries (not included)
Measures 17-3/4" L x 4-3/4" W x 8-1/2" H
1-year manufacturer's warranty
Imported
SKU # 43121809


View Warranty Information
 
















   









Same Day Delivery Exclusions Same Day Delivery is not available for items that ship directly from the vendor or furniture items delivered by truck.  



Select a store you would like to make your favorite store.






Product name goes here.





  







Zip * 











OR
							




Address
									









City *











												State
														 * 






	Select State
	

	Alabama
	

	Alaska
	

	Arizona
	

	Arkansas
	

	California
	

	Colorado
	

	Connecticut
	

	Delaware
	

	District of Columbia
	

	Florida
	

	Georgia
	

	Hawaii
	

	Idaho
	

	Illinois
	

	Indiana
	

	Iowa
	

	Kansas
	

	Kentucky
	

	Louisiana
	

	Maine
	

	Maryland
	

	Massachusetts
	

	Michigan
	

	Minnesota
	

	Mississippi
	

	Missouri
	

	Montana
	

	Nebraska
	

	Nevada
	

	New Hampshire
	

	New Jersey
	

	New Mexico
	

	New York
	

	North Carolina
	

	North Dakota
	

	Ohio
	

	Oklahoma
	

	Oregon
	

	Pennsylvania
	

	Puerto Rico
	

	Rhode Island
	

	South Carolina
	

	South Dakota
	

	Tennessee
	

	Texas
	

	Utah
	

	Vermont
	

	Virginia
	

	Washington
	

	West Virginia
	

	Wisconsin
	

	Wyoming
	











Radius




5 miles 
10 miles 
15 miles 
20 miles 
25 miles
50 miles 

    
 







 









						Start
				

					Please enter the address, city, state where you will be starting.
				

  


Street



 


City *  



 


State *  




	Select State
	

	Alabama
	

	Alaska
	

	Arizona
	

	Arkansas
	

	California
	

	Colorado
	

	Connecticut
	

	Delaware
	

	District of Columbia
	

	Florida
	

	Georgia
	

	Hawaii
	

	Idaho
	

	Illinois
	

	Indiana
	

	Iowa
	

	Kansas
	

	Kentucky
	

	Louisiana
	

	Maine
	

	Maryland
	

	Massachusetts
	

	Michigan
	

	Minnesota
	

	Mississippi
	

	Missouri
	

	Montana
	

	Nebraska
	

	Nevada
	

	New Hampshire
	

	New Jersey
	

	New Mexico
	

	New York
	

	North Carolina
	

	North Dakota
	

	Ohio
	

	Oklahoma
	

	Oregon
	

	Pennsylvania
	

	Puerto Rico
	

	Rhode Island
	

	South Carolina
	

	South Dakota
	

	Tennessee
	

	Texas
	

	Utah
	

	Vermont
	

	Virginia
	

	Washington
	

	West Virginia
	

	Wisconsin
	

	Wyoming
	
  


Zip *  











Show directions without map   





Show directions with map   
   

 




Destination

Change








	Make Favorite Store
	
	









Map & Directions







                                        Select A Route Option
                                    


Driving

Value not found for key

Walking




From







To










Avoid Seasonal Roads







Avoid Highways







Avoid Toll Road




























 Delivery Charge The cost of item delivery.  Delivery expectations for each item will be listed in your cart. Assembly Charge The cost of item assembly. Assembly may not be available for all items. 

Same Day DeliveryCongrat Modal



Sign Up for Info & Offers




 Email Sign Up For Special Offers














My Offers

Privacy Policy - Your Privacy Rights





Contact Us Phone:1-800-GO-BEYOND(800-462-3966)EmailFAQsOpens a new window  


Customer Service
Welspun Returns
Easy Returns
RebatesOpens a new window
Shipping Info
Same Day Delivery
Home and Furniture Installation Services
International Shipping
Product Recall Information
Order Online - Pick up in store
Find a Registry
Create a Registry
Pay Your Credit CardOpens a new window
Credit Card - Apply Now
Gift Packaging
Price Match Guarantee
Accessibility
Events




Shopping Tools
Guides
VideosOpens a new window
Glossary
Shop Personalized Invitations
Shop Gift Cards
Gift Card BalanceOpens a new window
Shop all Clearance
Shop by Brand




Company Info
Business Direct
Corporate Responsibility
Media Relations
Investor RelationsOpens a new window
Careers
Terms of Use
Find A Store
To The Trade
 


Connect With Us
  Follow us on Facebook. Opens a new window 
 Follow us on Twitter. Opens a new window 
 Follow us on Pinterest. Opens a new window 
 Follow us on Youtube. Opens a new window 
 Follow us on Instagram. Opens a new window 
Our Other Sites  Above & BeyondBlogAbove & Beyond Blog. Opens a new window   Your MoveTips & AdviceYour Move Tips and Advice. Opens a new window   Bed Bath &Beyond TVBed Bath & Beyond TV. Opens a new window 
 






 Our Brands     







     Products by: title,                                              brand,                                              price,                                              popularity,                                              bestsellers,                                              most recent   Popular by: popularity,                                             our choices, 											 all-round favorites, most recent,						                Topsellers by: title,                                                brand,                                                price,                                                popularity,                                                favorites   Popular searches: title, 												   popularity, 												   seasonality,                                                   our choices,                                                   bestsellers 
Variation ID: 27876:857536,28251:869150,29292:895757,29308:896079    






                
 
 © 2017 Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and its subsidiaries
| Build : 2.09.14.002 | Build From : 20170630112412fe23b7a | Build Created On : GIT Build Date is 17

















Compare Products Select up to 4 products to compare, and see which one fits your needs the most. 





















			Compare Products
		



Remove All  













































Are you ready to checkout?


 Item(s) in Cart
			



Close checkout bar

















 




M. Christopher Miller | Hallett & Perrin PC











































Prev | Next







Attorneys
M. Christopher Miller













M. Christopher Miller Shareholder


214.922.4162
.(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
V-Card









Christopher’s principal areas of practice include corporate finance, bank financings, mergers and acquisitions, securities law, contract negotiations, and general corporate counsel. Christopher has represented institutional lenders, private equity funds, investors, individuals, corporations, limited liability companies, and partnerships in all types of business transactions, including the purchase and the sale of assets and stock, public and private issuances of equity and debt and other capital raising activities, investments in private companies and bank financings, as well as in entity selection and formation (including counsel with respect to shareholder rights and governance issues), and the negotiation and drafting of a broad array of general business contracts, including employment contracts. 
He has previous experience as a Senior Consultant with a then-Big Six Accounting Firm.
Practice Areas

Banking & FinanceCorporate & SecuritiesHealthcareMergers & Acquisitions

Education

Southern Methodist University School of Law, J.D., cum laude, 2000
International Law Review Association, Articles Editor
Order of the Coif

 
Abilene Christian University, B.B.A. in Accounting, with Honors, 1994 

Admissions

State Bar of Texas - Business Section

Dallas Bar Association - Corporate Counsel Section






Distinctions & Certifications


Certified Public Accountant, Texas, 1996 (Inactive Status)

Selected for inclusion in “Texas Super Lawyers - Rising Stars” by Thomas Reuters, 2010
Order of the Coif
International Law Review Association, Articles Editor
Award for Academic Excellence, College of Business Administration, Abilene Christian University













 


Christopher J.M. Smith
 | LinkedIn
 





























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Christopher J.M. SmithCustomer Engagement Rep (ECommerce) at Herman MillerLocationGrand Rapids, MichiganIndustryFurnitureCurrentHerman MillerPreviousHerman Miller, Federal Armored Truck, Inc.EducationAquinas College460 connectionsView Christopher J.M.’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Christopher J.M.’s Full ProfileChristopher J.M.’s ActivityInterview: Jennie Maneri on Herman Miller's Consumer...Christopher J.M. likedThere are many reasons why I am proud to say I work for...Christopher J.M. likedPhotoChristopher J.M. likedIncredible space developed by an incredible dealer partner,...Christopher J.M. likedTime after time, salespeople alienate their customers in...Christopher J.M. likedExperienceCustomer Engagement Consultant - eCommerceHerman MillerNovember 2016  –  Present (9 months)Customer Engagement Rep - eCommerceHerman MillerSeptember 2013  –  November 2016 (3 years 3 months)Corporate Customer Care (Intern)Herman MillerNovember 2012  –  September 2013 (11 months)Manufacturing AssociateHerman MillerAugust 2011  –  November 2012 (1 year 4 months)I started in Conveyance, delivering parts to the production line, from August 15, 2011, to early January,1012.  Then, I accepted a new position on the Aeron Chair Production Line building the chair.  I worked on the line until November 26th, 2012. Vault SupervisorFederal Armored Truck, Inc.August 2010  –  August 2011 (1 year 1 month)SkillsJI (Job Instruction) TrainingContinuous ImprovementCustomer ServiceE-commerceFurnitureKaizenLean ManufacturingSalesSales OperationsToyota Production SystemValue Stream MappingProduct DevelopmentTeam BuildingOperations ManagementProcess ImprovementLeadershipNew Business DevelopmentStrategic PlanningHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationAquinas CollegeBachelor's degree, Business Administration and Management, GeneralBachelor's degree, Business Administration and Management, General2005  –  2010Studied abroad in Ireland of 4 months.Activities and Societies: Soccer TeamView Christopher J.M.’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Christopher J.M. directlyView Christopher J.M.’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedShannon ZoncaeCommerce Channel Lead at Herman MillerBryce BergmanMaterials and Logistics Manager at Herman MillerKatrina BultmanAssociate Product Manager at Herman MillerChristine PetrusContract Sales- Design Within ReachJeff LobdellOwner, Restaurant Partners Inc.Shigeto Murase--Gayle Harris-EvansManager of Global Digital Services at Amway Inc.Levi SwaneyTerritory Manager at Check Point Software Technologies, Ltd.Katie K (Lane-Karczewski)President of Katie-K Team, Inc., Agent/Partner Keller Williams Realty East, Keller Williams North, Keller Williams Grand TraverseAdam SovereenRegional Manager at Connection Point LLC for Northern Midwest StatesPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




































Howard Miller Christopher Tambour-Style Mantel Clock 635101
















































































 

















 FIND US     

facebook


twitter







About Us   |  
Return Policy   |  
Contact Us   |   (866) 467-6460



Login  /  Register






















866 467-6460





0
Items


$
0
00

Cart View Cart
Empty Cart



No products in the cart.

 

 
 



















Widest Selection & Lowest Prices Guaranteed!Click to Learn More

Super Saturday
1-Day Sale

Ends TodayJuly 22, 2017
 Extra 10% Select Items 
        Code: memday17 | Shop Here

 Free Ground Shipping Continental USA. 
 No Sales Tax *except Missouri
 1 Year Returns
*View Return Policy





All Clocks

Wall
Alarm
Mantel
Cuckoo
Floor / Grandfather
Desk
Frank Lloyd Wright
German Clocks
Musical
Outdoor
Personalized (Engravable)
Radio-Controlled
Reproduction
Skeleton
Specialty
Table
Multi-Time Zone
Two Sided
Anniversary
Bluetooth Clocks / Speaker System


Wall Clocks

Chiming
Decorative
Large / Oversized (23″ – 60″)
Quartz / Battery
Mechanical, Key Wound
Modern / Contemporary
Pendulum
Schoolhouse & Regulator
Wrought Iron & Metal
Hanging  (Two Sided)


Alarm Clocks

Mechanical (wind)
Battery Operated
Travel


Mantel Clocks

Chiming
Non-Chiming
Quartz / Battery
Mechanical Clocks
Contemporary
Motion
Pendulum
Tambour
Bracket & Carriage
Decorative
Metal & Wrought Iron
Bluetooth Speaker System


Floor / Grandfather
Cuckoo Clocks

Bahnhausle
Chalet
Modern / Non-Traditional
1-Day
1-Day Musical
8-Day
8-Day Musical
Quartz (Battery operated)


Home Decor

Home Accents
Accent Furniture
Curio Cabinets
Wine & Bar Furnishings
Weather Devices
Made in the USA
Gift Certificates
Open Box


Brands

Bradford Clocks
Bulova
CBK
Chass
Cooper Classics
ELK
Floating Circus
Hermle
Howard Miller
IMAX
Infinity Instruments
Kieninger
L’Epee
Loricron
Morbier
Movado
Perfect Time
Rhythm
Ridgeway
River City Clocks
Robert Herr
Romba
Seiko
Sternreiter
Timewise
Uttermost
Xanadoo


Sale
 









Back to top







 

 



Howard Miller Christopher Tambour Mantel Clock 635-101




29%Off






Howard Miller Christopher Tambour Mantel Clock 635-101





Hang up this traditional tambour shaped mantel clock in your room for a new look. The off-white dial offers a convex glass crystal, polished brass finished bezel, black Roman numerals and brass second hand. Finished in Windsor Cherry on select hardwoods and veneers. This pretty piece of decor can be a perfect gift.


SKU: HM-635101
Categories: Clocks & Timepieces, Mantel Clocks, Quartz / Battery, Chiming Mantel Clocks, Tambour, Howard Miller




 




$250.00 $179.00




In stock

 
Quantity 



Add to cart







 





Description


Additional information


Reviews (0)


Product Inquiry



CHRISTOPHER TAMBOUR-STYLE MANTEL CLOCK 

 The off-white dial offers a convex glass crystal, polished brass finished bezel, black Roman numerals and brass second hand.  
Quartz, battery operated movement will 
  Play Westminster chimes on the hour and also count the hour with volume control and automatic nighttime chime shut-off option.
   Requires 3 AA batteries, not included. 
 Finished in Windsor Cherry on select hardwoods and veneers  
 H. 8-1/2″ (22 cm)  
 W. 17-3/4″ (45 cm)  
 D. 4-3/4″ (12 cm)

 Listen to Chimes
Expressions of Time is an authorized Howard Miller dealer. This means you’ll receive an authentic Howard Miller clock, covered by the one year manufacturer’s warranty.
Still have questions about this product?  Call us at 866 467-6460 or complete the product inquiry form.


Additional information


Brand
Howard Miller



Finish/Color
Cherry



UPC
020867351015



Movement
Battery





ReviewsThere are no reviews yetWould you like to submit yours? 
Be the first to review “Howard Miller Christopher Tambour Mantel Clock 635-101” Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Rating
Rate…
Perfect
Good
Average
Not that bad
Very Poor
Your ReviewName *
Email *
 

 

































     


* Insert the name
* Insert a valid email
* Insert a subject
* Insert a message


 



Related Products





30%Off 

Howard Miller Langeland Bracket-Style Mantel Clock 635-133
$427.00 $299.00




Read more 
See Details
Share



Share on: 
facebook


twitter


google


pinterest





Enhance the stylish appeal of your living room wall with this Howard Miller Langeland Bracket-Style Mantel Clock This stately bracket-style mantel clock features reeded columns with carved top and bottom caps, and a decorative molding at the top and bottom of the multi-tiered base. The lamb?s wool dial features Roman numerals and a polished brass bezel. This mantel his wall clock can also double up as a great gifting option.
 See Details






30%Off 

Howard Miller Albright Tambour Mantel Clock 635-114
$397.00 $279.00




Add to cart 
See Details
Share



Share on: 
facebook


twitter


google


pinterest





Add a vibrant touch to your decor by installing the Howard Miller Albright Tambour Mantel Clock from Clockshops. This 77th Anniversary Edition tambour mantel clock is rich in details. A beaded dentil molding surrounds the base, accenting the carved side scrolls and burl veneered front panel. Beneath a convex glass crystal, the aged dial offers black Arabic numerals, black serpentine hour and minute hands, and a special 77th Anniversary inscription. Designed to look classy and to last for a longer time, this wall clock is sure to earn you compliments for your high-end choice, it is made using premium-quality wood.
 See Details






30%Off 

Howard Miller Burton Oak Tambour Mantel Clock 635-106
$397.00 $279.00




Add to cart 
See Details
Share



Share on: 
facebook


twitter


google


pinterest





Enhance the look of your walls with Howard Miller Burton Oak Tambour Mantel Clock. This special anniversary edition tambour mantel clock features decorative top molding and triangular burl overlays. Finished in Golden Oak on select hardwoods and veneers. Quartz, triple chime Harmonic movement plays your choice of quarter hour or hourly Westminster Chime and Ave Maria, or Bim Bam chimes with volume control and automatic nighttime chime shut-off switch. With 12 months warranty, this clock is a smart choice.
 See Details






30%Off 

Howard Miller Burton II Tambour Mantel Clock 635-107
$397.00 $279.00




Add to cart 
See Details
Share



Share on: 
facebook


twitter


google


pinterest





Sporting an abstract pattern on the rim, the Howard Miller Burton II Tambour Mantel Clock is sure to add modish touch to your decor. This special anniversary edition tambour mantel clock features decorative top molding and triangular burl overlays. Finished in Windsor Cherry on select hardwoods and veneers. Made using high-quality wood, it is easy to maintain and long-lasting. Sporting appealing look, it will blend well with your interiors adding to its beauty.
 See Details













PURCHASES ARE PROCESSED ON OUR SECURE SERVER. ALL DATA IS SAFELY ENCRYPTED 











Customer ServiceLogin to Your Account
About Expressions of Time
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Info. & PoliciesShipping Policy
International Orders
Returns & Exchanges
Warranty Information
Helpful InformationExpressions of Time Blog
Manufacturers
Audio Files for Chiming Clocks
 



Mailing List

Sign Up For Our Newsletter to Get Exclusive Offers & Discounts







Email Address
        *












 













If you do not see a specific model, manufacturer or style, call us toll free at (866) 467-6460.
Copyright © 2017   Decorative Clocks, Accessories for Home, Curios, Home Bars - Expressions of Time - All Rights Reserved.











   

























































Christopher M. Miller - San Antonio, Texas | about.meChristopher M. MillerSystem Administrato in San Antonio, TexasChristopher M. MillerSystem Administrato in San Antonio, TexasHire meMasters in MIS, Minor in MBA from University of NebraskaCompTIA A+, Network+, Linux+, and Security+Active Secret DoD Security ClearanceGuitar Player, Market Follower & Amature Photographer#technology#programming#internet





Profile : The University of Akron


































Scroll To Top






My Akron
Virtual Tour
Calendars
Maps
Jobs
Giving








 

The University of Akron
College of Engineering










Search 


Our Site
People
News














About Engineering
Academics
Beyond the Classroom
Departments
Research
Alumni News
Support Us











 




 




 






Home

College of Engineering


Civil Engineering















Dr. Christopher M. Miller






Title: Associate Professor
Dept/Program: Civil Engineering
Office: Schrank Hall North 162B
Phone: 330-972-5915
Fax: 330-972-6020
Email: cmmiller@uakron.edu



Biography
Education

Ph.D. in Civil and Environmental Engineering, The University of Iowa, 1995
M.S. in Civil and Environmental Engineering, The University of Iowa, 1992
B.S. in Civil and Environmental Engineering, The University of Iowa, 1990

Professional Registration

Professional Engineer (License#E-62882) - Ohio

Experience

Associate Professor                                                          August 2001 to Present
Assistant Professor                                                           August 1995 to August 2001

The University of Akron, Dept. of Civil Engineering
Major Responsibilities: Undergraduate teaching in hydraulic engineering-water resources and statics, with graduate courses in water quality modeling and management, chemical oxidation processes, aquatic chemistry, and environmental organic chemistry. Department ABET Coordinator and 2007 Self-Study Report author. Primary research activity is drinking water projects for local municipalities involving source water management, field sampling, data analysis, hydraulic modeling, water quality modeling, and regulatory compliance assistance. Recent projects also include innovative and collaborative efforts with other faculty to develop comprehensive drinking water source management-sustainability strategies using GIS and other software models.

Consultant, Expert Witness, and Business Owner                October 1997 to Present

Envital Ltd.
Engineering consulting support for hydraulic-environmental projects for international consulting companies, private companies, and governments in New Zealand, Australia, South Korea, and Germany. Other research experiences include polymer development for a private company, grout development for the Idaho National Environmental Engineering Laboratory, and technology evaluation for the U.S. Army.

Civil Engineer                                                                    February 1996 to February 1999

U.S. Army Reserve, 416th Engineer Support Group
Major Responsibilities: Member of the Akron, Ohio engineering team responsible for environmental and facilities assessment of Reserve Center facilities in Ohio. Work also included design projects and construction/environmental management assistance.

Construction Engineer                                                        August 1986 to February 1996

U.S. Army Reserve, 389th Engineer Battalion
Major Responsibilities: Non-commissioned officer in charge of bridge, building, and road construction projects in Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Honduras, Guatemala, and Panama.
Honors and Awards

College of Engineering Outstanding Teacher – University of Akron, 2012 
Wendell LaDue Civil Engineer – American Society of Civil Engineers, 2008
College of Engineering Outstanding Teacher – University of Akron, 2003
University of Akron Patent Society, 2002
The Army Commendation Medal – Department of the Army, 1998
Raymond C. Firestone Research Initiation Fellowship – University of Akron, 1996
The Army Achievement Medal – Department of the Army, 1995
Neil B. Fisher Environmental Engineering Fellowship – University of Iowa, 1991

Patents

U.S. Patent #5,817,240 – Catalytic Fixed Bed Reactor Systems for the Destruction of Contaminants in Water by Hydrogen Peroxide.
U.S. Patent #6,767,472B2 – Catalytic Fixed Bed Reactor System for the Destruction of Contaminants in Water by Hydrogen Peroxide and Ozone.
U.S. Patent #6,984,328 – A Method for Removing Metals from Aqueous Solutions Using Mixed Lithic Materials.

Scholarly Journal Publications and Book Chapters

C. Miller, W. Schneider, and M. Kennedy (2014). “Evaluation of Management Alternatives for Truck Wash Water Generated During Winter Maintenance Activities,” Public Works Management and Policy, DOI: 1087724X14522601.
N. Sanchez, Skeriotis, A., and C. Miller (2014).  “A PARAFAC-Based Long-Term Assessment of DOM in a Multi-Coagulant Drinking Water Treatment Scheme,” Environmental Science and Technology, 48(3), 1582-1591.
N. Sanchez, Skeriotis, A., and C. Miller (2013). “Assessment of Dissolved Organic Matter Fluorescence PARAFAC Components Before and After Coagulation-Filtration in a Full Scale Water Treatment Plant,” Water Research, 47: 1679-1690.
Johnstone, D., Miller, C., and N. Sanchez (2009). "Parallel Factor Analysis of Excitation-Emission Matrices to Assess Drinking Water DBP Formation During a Peak Formation Period." Accepted for publication in Environmental Engineering Science – May 2009.
Johnstone, D. and C. M. Miller (2009). "Fluorescence Excitation-Emission Matrix Regional Transformation and Chlorine Consumption to Predict THM and HAA Formation," Environmental Engineering Science, 26(7): 1163–1170.
K. Hassan, K. C. Bower, and C. M. Miller (2006). "Iron Oxide Enhanced Chlorine Decay and Disinfection By-Product Formation," ASCE Journal of Environmental Engineering, 132(12): 1609–1616.
K. Hassan, K. C. Bower, and C. M. Miller (2003). "Numerical Simulation of Bromate Formation during Ozonation of Aqueous Bromide," ASCE Journal of Environmental Engineering, 129(11): 991–998.
K. C. Bower and C. M. Miller (2003). "Fenton's Reagent Degradation of 2,4-Dinitrotoluene in Water-Acetone Mixtures," Environmental Engineering and Science, 21(1): 65–69.
K. C. Bower and C. M. Miller (2002). "Filter Sand-Phosphate Buffer Effect on DNT Ozonation," ASCE Journal of Environmental Engineering, 128(2):131–136.
Kevin C. Bower, Kevin H. Gardner, C. M. Miller, and L. Kong (2001). "In-Situ Colloidal MnO2 Deposition and Ozonation of 2,4-Dinitrotoluene," Environmental Engineering and Science, 18(4):259–265.
C. M. Miller and K. C. Bower (2001). "Advanced Chemical Oxidation: Fenton's Reagent Degradation of Organic Compounds," Lab published in AEESP Environmental Engineering Processes Lab CD–ROM Manual.
K. Bower, S. E. Duirk, and C. M. Miller (2000). "Chapter 14. Development of an Enhanced Ozone-Hydrogen Peroxide Advanced Oxidation Process," Emerging Technologies in Hazardous Waste Management 8, Kluwer Academic/Plenum Publishers, pp. 167–176.
S. E. Duirk, W. Butala, and C. M. Miller (2000). "Chapter 17. Encapsulation of Nitrate Salts Using Vinylmethylpolysiloxane," Emerging Technologies in Hazardous Waste Management 8, Kluwer Academic/Plenum Publishers, pp. 199–206
I. D. Sasowsky, A. Foos, and C. M. Miller (2000). "Lithic Controls on the Removal of Metals and Remediation of Acidic Mine Drainage," Water Research, 34(10):2742–2746.
C. M. Miller, S. E. Duirk, and K. H. Gardner (2000). "Chromium Leaching from Silicone Foam-Encapsulated Mixed Waste," Environmental Science and Technology, 34(3):455–460.
C. M. Miller and R. L. Valentine (1999). "Mechanistic Studies of Surface-Catalyzed H2O2 Decomposition and Contaminant Degradation in the Presence of Sand," Water Research, 33(12):2805–2816.
C. M. Miller, R. L. Valentine, M. Roehl, and P. J. J. Alvarez (1996). "Chemical and Microbiological Assessment of Pendimethalin Contaminated Soil after Treatment with Fenton’s Reagent," Water Research, 30:2579–2586.
C. M. Miller and R. L. Valentine (1995). "Hydrogen Peroxide Decomposition and Quinoline Degradation in the Presence of Aquifer Material," Water Research, 29:2353–2359.
C. M. Miller and R. L. Valentine (1995). "Oxidation Behavior of Aqueous Contaminants in the Presence of Hydrogen Peroxide and Filter Media," Journal of Hazardous Materials, 41:106–116.
C. M. Miller, R. L. Valentine, J. L. Stacy, M. Roehl, and P. J. J. Alvarez (1995). "Chemical Oxidation and Toxicity Reduction of Pesticide Contaminated Soils" in Bioremediation of Recalcitrant Organics, Eds. R. E. Hinchee, R. E. Hoeppel, and D. B. Anderson, Battelle Press, pp. 175–181.
C. M. Miller and R. L. Valentine (1994). "Granular Media Surface Catalyzed Hydrogen Peroxide Decomposition and Oxidation of Selected Organics" in Chemical Oxidation: Technologies for the Nineties, Eds. John Roth and Alan R. Bowers, Technomic Publishing Co., pp. 80-90

Funded Research

"Implementation and Analysis of Snow Removal Wash Water Reuse," Federal Highway Administration and Ohio Department of Transportation, July 2014, $59,685.
"Evaluation of Cost Effective Protective Coatings for ODOT Snow; Ice Equipment," Federal Highway Administration and Ohio Department of Transportation, July 2014, $210,805.
"Evaluation of Box Culvert Maintenance Methods," Federal Highway Administration and Ohio Department of Transportation, September 2013, $229,339.
Evaluation of the GPS/AVL Systems for Snow and Ice Operations Resource Management," Federal Highway Administration and Ohio Department of Transportation, November 2012, $706,153.
Procedures for Waste Management from Street Sweeping and Stormwater Systems," Federal Highway Administration and Ohio Department of Transportation, October 2012, $241,611.
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of Salt Neutralizers for Washing Snow and Ice Equipment," Federal Highway Administration and Ohio Department of Transportation, October 2012, $213,747.
"Evaluation of the Viking-Cives TowPlow for Winter Maintenance," Federal Highway Administration and Ohio Department of Transportation, August 2012, $453,653.
"Akron Drinking Water Treatment Process Optimization and Disinfection By-Product Compliance Assistance," City of Akron, Ohio, April 2012, $47,500.
"Integrating Engineering Design Challenges into Science Curriculum" Ohio Board of Regents Improving Teacher Quality (ITQ) State Grants Program, January 2012, $84,150.
"Evaluation of Epoke; Bulk Spreader for Winter Maintenance" Federal Highway Administration and Ohio Department of Transportation, December 2011, $327,438.
"Snow Removal Wastewater Disposal Alternatives," Federal Highway Administration and Ohio Department of Transportation, September 2011, $298,240.
"Drinking Water Issues as a Context for Problem-Based Science Instruction," Ohio Board of Regents Improving Teacher Quality (ITQ) State Grants Program, January 2010
"Ravenna Drinking Water Source and Treatment Process Monitoring," City of Ravenna, Ohio, July 2009.
"Norwalk Drinking Water Source and Treatment Process Monitoring," City of Norwalk, Ohio, June 2009.
"Drinking Water Issues as a Context for Problem-Based Science Instruction," Ohio Board of Regents Improving Teacher Quality (ITQ) State Grants Program, February 2009.
"Drinking Water Source Characterization and Disinfection Byproduct Formation Modeling Using Land Use and Stream Reach Ecological Properties," Integrated Bioscience Grant Program, University of Akron, Akron, Ohio, August 2008.
"Water Distribution System Model Update and Initial Distribution System Evaluation," City of Barberton, Ohio, November 2007.
"Disinfection Byproduct Analytical Method Development," Parker Hannifin Corporation, August 2007.
"Field Study for Norwalk Distribution System Model Validation and Initial Distribution System Evaluation," City of Norwalk, Ohio, August 2006.
"Barberton Chlorine Reduction," City of Barberton, Ohio, August 2006.
"Barberton Coagulation and Disinfection Byproduct Reduction Assessment," City of Barberton, Ohio, May 2005.
"Tracer Study – Hydraulic and Water Quality Modeling of Barberton Water Distributions System – Task 1," City of Barberton, Ohio, September 2003.
"Tracer Study – Hydraulic and Water Quality Modeling of Barberton Water Distributions System – Task 2," City of Barberton, Ohio, September 2003.
"Development of Chlorine Decay Model and Deposit Inhibitor Study for the City of Barberton," City of Barberton, Ohio, July 2002.
"Fenton Reagent Treatment of Organic Solids," Technology Visions Group Inc., June 2001.
"Inorganic Binder Research," Technology Visions Group Inc. Australasia Limited, January 2001.
"The Role of Chemical Interferences in Grouting of Contaminated Soils," Orbit Technologies Inc. as a sub-grant from The Department of Energy (Contract #DE-ACO7-94ID13223), July 2000.
"Silicone Foam Encapsulation of Calcined Waste," Orbit Technologies Inc. as a sub-grant from The Department of Energy (Contract #DE-ACO7-94ID13223), June 1999.
"Use of Ceramic Silicone Foam (CSF) to Stabilize Calcine Waste," Orbit Technologies Inc. as a sub-grant from The Department of Energy (Contract #DE-ACO7-94ID13223), August 1998.
"Waste Stabilization," Orbit Technologies Inc. Unrestricted Research Support, July 1998.
"Field Erosion and Sediment Control," Summit County Unrestricted Research Support, June 1998.
"Waste Encapsulation," Krystal Bond Ohio Inc. Unrestricted Research Support, February 1998.
"Development of Quality Model for Canton Water Distribution System," City of Canton Water Department, November 1997.
"Ozone-H2O2-Sand Technology," GPD Associates Inc. Unrestricted Research Support, September 1997.
"Use of Ceramic Silicone Foam (CSF) to Stabilize Mixed Wastes," Orbit Technologies Inc. Unrestricted Research Support, September 1997.
"Use of Ceramic Silicone Foam (CSF) to Stabilize Nitrate Salt Wastes," Orbit Technologies Inc. as a sub-grant from The Department of Energy (Contract #DE-ACO7-94ID13223), May 1997.
"TCE Groundwater Treatability and Modeling Study for the Kings Mills Ohio Army Reserve Center," United States Army 88th Regional Support Command Unrestricted Research Support, June 1996.
"Aerobic Phthalate Biodegradation in Soil and Groundwater," Environmental Mitigation Group, Inc., Akron, Ohio, Unrestricted Research Support, June 1997.
"Soil Remediation and Water Quality Evaluation Using Microtox," Microbics Corporation Education/Research and Development Grant, April 1996.
"Chlorine Disinfection Byproduct Formation in Drinking Water Distribution Systems," The University of Akron, Faculty Research Grant Program, June 2004.
OBR/Research Challenge Matching Grant to DOE Award R4238, July 2000.
"Post-Doctoral Position for the Microscale Physiochemical Engineering Center," The University of Akron, College of Engineering, December 1999.
"Development of Small Group, Self-Directed Problem-Based Learning (SGSD–PBL) in Engineering at the University of Akron," The University of Akron, Teaching Academy Summer Grant, June 1999.
OBR/Research Challenge Matching Grant to DOE Award R4747, August 1998.
"Development of an Enhanced Ozone-Hydrogen Peroxide Advanced Oxidation Process," The University of Akron, Faculty Research Grant Program, February 1998.
OBR/Research Challenge Matching Grant to DOE Award R4238, July 1997.
"Degradation of Chlorinated Contaminants in the Presence of Chelating Agents and Hydrogen Peroxide," The University of Akron, College of Engineering, Raymond C. Firestone Research Initiation Fellowship, May 1996.
"Hydrogen Peroxide Reactivity and Degradation Capacity In The Presence of Subsurface Materials and Sediments," The University of Akron, Faculty Research Grant Program, November 1995.
"Government and Private Agency Involvement to Enhance Engineering Design Curriculum," The University of Akron, Educational Research and Development Center Faculty Grant Program, November 1995.
"Destruction of Energetics in Acetone-Water Mixtures Using a Novel Sand Reactor and Sonochemical Reactor," (submitted with G. G. Chase, U. of Akron), The University of Akron, College of Engineering Internal Grant, April 1996.

Graduate Student Advising
3 Ph.D. Dissertations Advised11 M.S. Thesis Advised8 M.S. Engineering Reports AdvisedCurrent Advising:2 Ph.D. (Aug. 2011, Aug. 2012) and 3 M.S. Theses
 

Education
Ph.D. in Civil and Environmental Engineering, The University of Iowa, 1995; M.S. in Civil and En vironmental Engineering, The University of Iowa, 1992; B.S. in Civil and Environmental Engineering, The University of Iowa, 1990








 





























Product Reviews: Hunter Brown and the Secret of the Shadow, The Codebearers Series 1593173288










































Hear about sales, receive special offers & more.You can unsubscribe at any time.


Enter email address














My Account

Wishlist

Help

Email Signup


Cart (0)  items
Checkout

Welcome to Christianbook.com! Sign in or create an account 




Search by title, author, isbn, etc.







Summer Savings- thru 7/24





Markdown Mania!





Fab Fridays







Search within

All Products
Books
eBook
Music
MP3 Downloads
Accompaniment
Bibles
Homeschool
Gift & Home
DVDs
Christian Living
Children
Fiction
Software







Search



Bibles
VBS
Church
Bible Study
Books
eBooks
Fiction
Homeschool
Music
Kids
Toys
Gifts
DVD
Bargain



BestsellersPrayerChristian LivingSpanish ProductsMP3sVBSChurch SuppliesBible CoversFamilyGift CardsCatalogMembers















Browse

All Products

Books, eBooks & Audio&times

Children's Books&times

Children's Fiction&times

Action / Adventure&times (1,328)













Refine by

Occasion▼▲AdventChristmasEasterHalloweenLentMother's DayWinterAges▼▲0-23-56-89-12TeensAudience▼▲ChildTweensTeensBoysGirlsTeen GirlsBinding▼▲HardcoverBoardMass MarketPaperbackTrade PaperbackSpiralLanguage▼▲EnglishSpanishMedia Type▼▲eBookPDFSeries▼▲ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPRSTVWYDRM▼▲DRM FreeDRM ProtectedGender▼▲BoyGirl
Author / Artist▼▲ A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P R S T U V W Y ZPublisher▼▲ A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P R S T V W X Y ZTop Rated▼▲1+ Stars2+ Stars3+ Stars4+ Stars5 starsPrice▼▲$0-$5$5-$10$10-$25$25-$50$50-$100$100 and upDiscount▼▲10%+ Off20%+ Off30%+ Off40%+ Off50%+ Off60%+ Off70%+ Off80%+ Off


Advanced Search Links

Advanced Search
Commentary Search
Bible Finder
Homeschool Finder
Song Search
Bible Study Search





                      
                

Product Reviews View Product Info


 

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Hunter Brown and the Secret of the Shadow, The Codebearers Series
Christopher Miller, Allan Miller Christopher Miller, Allan Miller Warner Press / 2008 / Trade Paperback 
$10.99
Retail: $13.99 Save 21%
($3.00)  5 Stars Out Of 5 37 Reviews Availability: In Stock Stock No: WW173280 







                    4.9 Stars Out Of 5
                



4.9 out of 5




5 Stars






                (34)
            



4 Stars






                (3)
            



3 Stars






                (0)
            



2 Stars






                (0)
            



1 Star






                (0)
            







Quality:




                        5 out Of 5
                    





(5 out of 5)




Value:




                        5 out Of 5
                    





(5 out of 5)




Meets Expectations:




                        5 out Of 5
                    





(5 out of 5)







100%


of customers would recommend this product to a friend.






Write Review







SORT BY: 


MOST RECENT
OVERALL RATING
HELPFULNESS




SEE: 


5
25
50






Displaying items 1-5 of 37

Page 1 of 8
12345 Next
|Last 






7wheelers


Age: 35-44
Gender: female

 






5 Stars Out Of 5



MUST READ!!!


November 17, 2012



7wheelers




Age: 35-44
Gender: female
  

Quality:




5
 
Value:




5
 
Meets Expectations:




5
  
            This book is amazing! It is the best book I have read in years. Everyone should read this book - but not until you are 9 or 10, or it might be a little to scary. My son and I can't wait to read book 2 and I can't wait to re-read book 1 with my other kids! This would make the best movie ever!
        














Was this review helpful?
Helpful Votes:

 YES (1) |
 NO  (0) 


Flag as inappropriate















carlson





 






5 Stars Out Of 5






April 28, 2010



carlson






  
            the book was totally awsome any one who likes narnia, the door whinin andowther adventure books ule love it oh and be sure to become a code bearer
        














Was this review helpful?
Helpful Votes:

 YES (1) |
 NO  (1) 


Flag as inappropriate















Sarg





 






5 Stars Out Of 5






December  7, 2009



Sarg






  
            I bought this book just looking for a good book to read, but after reading it I must say that the Miller Brothers have EASILY made it to my list of top authors! If you enjoy the cleverness and action of Bryan Davis and Wayne Thomas Batson you will love this book!!! Also dont forget the sequel BECAUSE IT ROCKS!
        














Was this review helpful?
Helpful Votes:

 YES (0) |
 NO  (0) 


Flag as inappropriate















Andrew Phelps





 






5 Stars Out Of 5






November 24, 2009



Andrew Phelps






  
            "Hunter Brown" is the best book I have ever read.The miller brothers are the best authors ever!!! Sometimes I can't find a good book to read now i can just read the "Hunter Brown" books because they never seem to get boring!!!
        














Was this review helpful?
Helpful Votes:

 YES (0) |
 NO  (0) 


Flag as inappropriate















Jill Williamson
Oregon

Age: 25-34
Gender: female

 






4 Stars Out Of 5






October 14, 2009



Jill Williamson
Oregon



Age: 25-34
Gender: female
  
            Hunter and his friends play the ultimate prank on the school bully. They hide in a dumpster to avoid his wrath but cant get out. After yelling for help for quite some time, someone finally comes to their aid. This janitor promises not to tell the school principal where he found the boys if theyll do him a favor. He hands Hunter a card with the address of a book shop and asks him to pick up an item and bring it back to the boys bathroom. Feeling as if they have no choice, the boys complete the errand. But when they return to the bathroom with a fancy, old book and a key, the janitor is nowhere to be found.Hunter takes the things home and discovers that the book is magical. Before he can truly figure out what the book is for, he and his friend are whisked away to Solandria, a realm that is at war with the Shadow. There Hunter discovers that he must complete Codebearer training if he is to help defeat this Shadow and get home again. With dragons, trolls, giant birds and lizards, and weapons similar to light sabers, this book was truly fun for all ages. I thought the premise and allegory was very powerful. Hunter is a delightful and sarcastic character. The minor characters were also fun. This was the strength of the book, in my opinion. There were some unnecessary backflashes that jerked me out of the story at times and some writing craft issues that teens probably wont notice. There were also many punctuation issues. I was surprised to see such mistakes in a book from Warner Press. I read it to my seven-year-old son, and he loved it, especially the illustrations. The Miller brothers seem to be quite talented as artists and animators, and now story tellers.
        














Was this review helpful?
Helpful Votes:

 YES (3) |
 NO  (0) 


Flag as inappropriate
















Displaying items 1-5 of 37

Page 1 of 8
12345 Next
|Last 










Sign Up To ReceiveExclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time




Sign Up To Receive Exclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time





Sign Up







Connect With Us








 Account

Checkout
Account
Order History
Wishlist
Cart
Subscribe Email
Unsubscribe Email


 Shipping & Returns

Shipping & Handling Rates
Easy Returns






 Services

Affiliate Program
Gift Cards
Membership
Self-Publishing


 Catalog

Catalog Quick Shop
Online Catalogs
Request our Catalogs







 Community

Social Media
Prayer Wall
Author Profiles


 About Us

Company Info.
Job Opportunities


 Help

Customer Service
FAQ






 Shops

Bibles
Homeschool
Bargains
VBS
Christian Living
Toys
Gifts
Kids
DVDs
Fiction
Music
Academics







Desktop Site










 1-800-CHRISTIAN1-800-247-4784(Outside the United Statesand Canada Call: 978-977-5000)




 Email Us


140 Summit St. Peabody, MA 01960





Tax Information for VT and LA Residents
Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
© 2017 Christianbook.com, LLC
* 59 *


























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Miller Welders










 
















Free Shipping All Orders Over $25



Miller Welders






Miller Build With Blue™ Summer Savings Promotion
Rebate


Miller MIG Welders


Miller TIG Welders


Miller Stick Welders


Miller Plasma Cutters


Miller Multiprocess Welders


Miller Engine Driven Welders/Generators


Miller Multioperator Welders


Spot Welders


TIG Torches & Parts


Miller Spoolguns and Wire Feeders


Miller MIG Guns And Parts


Miller ArcStation Workbench


Miller Fume Extractors


Miller Welding Protective Clothing & Eyewear


Miller Accessories


Miller/Hobart Warranty








Call us toll free


1-888-328-9890


Business Hours: M-F 7:30-7:30 EDT







Keep track with us!







VIEW FULL SITE



  Copyright © 2017 Cyberweld
    
  All Rights Reserved.
  
  

  The Cyberweld© name, logo and the slogan "Weld with your mouse"© are registered service marks of J.W. Goodliffe & Son, Inc.


 

























