


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE












 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.







SCOTT P. MILLER - ST. LOUIS, MO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



ST. LOUIS



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            SCOTT P. MILLER
                                    



 





















S 


SCOTT P. MILLER
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



43 FAIR OAKS DR ST. LOUIS, MO 63124
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Scott P. Miller is located at 43 Fair Oaks Dr in St. Louis and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Miller R/C Products - starting products for model planes, helicopters and boats














Home
Persuader Belt Reduction
Big Grip
½ A Starter






Contact Us
Hap & Nancy Miller
P: 707-833-5905
            F: 707-833-0059
PO Box 425
          159 Greene Street
          Kenwood, CA 95452 
 
Miller R/C Products are
made in the USA.
 




Welcome
Miller R/C Products offers precision-engineered starting products for model airplanes, helicopters and boats.  Miller R/C is known world-wide for outstanding performance and enduring quality. 

For more than 30 years Miller R/C Products has been the answer to starting problems for thousands of demanding hobbyists around the world.
          
The outstanding performance of our starting inserts is the foundation of our success. Our inserts will not mar or damage your nose cones and will last 100 times longer than any other insert worldwide. 

Our Persuader Belt Reduction units are designed to start those big cubic inch engines. Big Grip starting cup and insert is engineered for larger nose cones (for the hobbyist to build their own starter or adapt to your purchased starter). Our ½ A Starter is used to start those small engines like .049, .051, and .09. Helicopter extension inserts and mounting back rubber inserts are available to fit different starters and different helicopter extensions. Miller R/C Products also has many miscellaneous inserts and products that have been developed through the years. 
If what you need is not available from Miller R/C Products, chances are we can custom-make it for you. See your favorite hobby dealer or contact Hap and Nancy Miller direct.            
We invite you to see for yourself what sets us apart. 





 © Miller R/C Products  | Web site by: HotFireDesign.com











Scott Miller Salon & Spa Rochester





































LocationsPittsford
Webster

ServicesHair
Makeup
Spa
Wax







Team
Contact Us













 




LocationsPittsford
Webster

ServicesHair
Makeup
Spa
Wax







Team
Contact Us














   

   

   
 
 






Brands we love & carry








   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

 




   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   



 


SM Stories





  
 Makeup 
 MAC Dazzleglass Swatches & Reviews: Our Favorite Four  

  
 Makeup 
 Meet Silvana — Our Italian Sunshine  

  
 Skincare 
 Meet the $18 Coconut Cream That’s Changing Our Lives  

  
 Hair 
 Scott Miller Cutting Educators & their #1 Styling Product  

  
 Hair 
 Summer Hair  
 
 








        @scottmillerstyle      


(We also like to be social here too..)



 


 






Style your inbox







 





CAREERS / APPRENTICE PROGRAM / GIFT CARDS / STANDING APPOINTMENTS / CONTACT US / LEGAL / BLOG


scott miller 2017. all rights reserved.









 



Our Products - Miller-Scott












































































































Miller-ScottThe Master EngraverOur extensive range of gift and drinkware makes for the perfect personalised gift when engraved with your special message. If you have something in mind that you don’t see on the list, give us a call and we will do our best to make it happen. Don’t forget that country orders are most welcome.
Pewter mugs, Goblets & Drinkware:

Pewter Mugs
Pewter Beer Steins
Silver Mugs
Stainless Steel Mugs
Baby Mugs
Flasks
Drink Holders
Pewter Goblets
Silver Goblets
Bohemia Crystal Glasses
Glass Beer Mugs
Whiskey & Shot Glasses
Decanters


Crystalware:

Nancy Flute, Wine Glass & Angela Flute
Gold Trim Crystal Beer Mugs
Glasses


Jewellery & Money boxes:

Money Boxes
Jewellery Box 1
Jewellery Box 2


Picture frames:

Picture Frames 1
Picture Frames 2
Picture Frames 3


Baby frames & Albums:

Baby Frames & Albums 1
Baby Frames & Albums 2
Baby Frames


Specialty gifts:

Certificate Holders
Formal Gifts
Perfume Bottles
Vases
Manicure Kits 1
Manicure Kits 2


Executive gifts:

Business Card Holders 1
Business Card Holders 2
Business Card Holders 3


Clocks:

Glass Clocks
Novelty Clocks

(Wider range available in-store)

Key rings:

Key Ring & Pen Sets
Assorted Key Rings
Gift Boxed Key Rings


Wallets:

Mens Wallets 1
Mens Wallets 2
Ladies Wallets
Key Wallets


Knives:

Leatherman Knives
Leatherman Tools
Leatherman Gift Boxes
LED Torches
Pacific Knives 1
Pacific Knives 2
Pacific Mini Knives
Old Timer Pocket Knives
Pig Knives

You are here: Home / Our Products 



















 




Columbus Personal Injury Attorneys | Ohio Legal Malpractice Lawyers














































  Menu
contact




Free Consultation
Call: 614-441-8553






Volkema Thomas Miller & Scott A Legal Professional Association
Injured from a  trucking accident?
we can help






With more than 100 combined years of experience, our attorneys have the legal knowledge and time-tested litigation skills to obtain successful outcomes in trucking accident cases.
   View Our Practice Areas






Fighting For Auto Accident Victims Throughout Ohio

A collision with another auto can change your life in a split second. Suddenly, you face all kinds of new challenges: recovering physically, paying for medical care, repairing or replacing your vehicle and taking care of your family. It's stressful, unfamiliar and intimidating. But you don't have to do it alone.At Volkema Thomas Miller & Scott, LPA, we are committed to representing the interests of people hurt in  					trucking accidents as well as motor vehicle accidents in Columbus and throughout Ohio. Join our many happy clients and let us put that experience to work for youDirect Attention. Trusted Advice.We understand that you may be hesitant to contact a lawyer. The legal process can be confusing and frustrating. But you can count on us for personal service, individual attention and an unmatched dedication to communication. When you work with us, you gain the peace of mind that comes from knowing our firm will remain accessible, responsive and communicative throughout your case.We want you to feel comfortable, so we make every effort to keep the legal process as straightforward and stress-free as possible. When you come to our firm, you will meet directly with a lawyer rather than a legal assistant or paralegal. This allows you to have all of your questions answered by an experienced advocate with an in-depth understanding of the law.





















Why Choose Us?


Our Results
We have recovered tens of millions of dollars for accident victims and their families in cases just like yours. See some of our results.


Our Accessibility
We have an accessible attached parking garage available to our clients at no charge, as well as a convenient drop-off for clients with limited mobility.


Our Dedication
You will work directly with our named partners – not inexperienced associates or paralegals. Our lawyers draw on a century of experience to pursue every dollar of compensation you deserve.









$4,314,186 million
Webb v. Fire Safety Solutions


$2,866,521.35 million
Dillon v. OhioHealth


$230,500 million
Sullivan v. State Farm Mut. Auto. Ins. Co.



See all verdicts & settlements




Hear From Our Clients





















































Serving Clients All Over Ohio We'll Come To YouMost of our attorneys are natives of Ohio; we have spent the majority of our lives living in Ohio and practicing law in the state where we grew up. This has made us familiar with the rules, nuances and local politics that affect cases in courts across the state and allows us to serve as true local attorneys to clients throughout Ohio.Our office is located in downtown Columbus, but if you live outside the area we can travel to meet with you at your home, hospital or other convenient location. To learn more and arrange a  					free consultation, please  					contact us at 614-441-8553 or 866-718-4608 toll free. We offer  					free parking in the parking garage that is attached to our office building, and we have a curbside drop-off that is convenient for clients with limited mobility.


  Email Us For A Response

Set Up A Free Case Evaluation


Bold labels are required.
    










Contact Information

Name




Email Address


Please enter a valid email address.




Phone

Please enter a valid phone number. You may use 0-9, spaces and the ( ) - + characters.




Brief description of your legal issue





Please verify that you have read the disclaimer.



I have read the 
                        disclaimer.



disclaimer.
                




The use of the Internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.
close




Privacy Policy






























Scott Miller's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up MScott Miller#314210@scottmillerioCreator of Helpy.ioscottmiller.io38Following25FollowersFollow183 UpvotesPlaybooks From DriftThe easiest way to get more sales meetings.SaaS+ 5 save 513 12MacOS High SierraApple's newest MacOS updateMac+ 3 save 1149 52JobTrackA CRM for job seekersSaaS+ 4 save 738 17GitHub DesktopThe New NativeTech save 527 10Good Sales EmailsBest sales emails from great companiesEmail+ 3 save 1707 31Secret SauceA step-by-step guide to getting users, traffic and revenueBooks+ 3 save 522 56Y Combinator PodcastY Combinators new podcast on starting a startupTech save 1079 20Growth Bot 🤖Coaches startups on growing their business through feedbackArtificial Intell...+ 9 save 421 42GitHub for AtomGit and GitHub integration right inside AtomDeveloper Tools+ 3 save 797 21Not HotdogAn app that shows if your food is a hotdog 🌭iPhone+ 2 save 2777 129Zapier for TeamsAutomate everything, together.Tech+ 2 save 616 20Startup MixtapeA directory of the best business podcast episodes everTech+ 1 save 1172 43DropUnitedChrome extension removes United from your flight searchTech+ 2 save 932 51VoiceOpsAI powered call analytics for salesArtificial Intell...+ 2 save 1316 50LeadBotQualify leads on your website without forms or humansBots+ 3 save 912 34Crisp 2.0All-in-one solution to communicate with your customersMessaging+ 2 save 932 123Live View from DriftNever miss sales leads on your websiteMessaging+ 3 save 283 12VR Desktop for MacExperience macOS in virtual realityOculus Rift+ 4 save 773 39Fullstory FreeWeb analytics with full session playback, now freeMarketing+ 4 save 1615 67LinkedIn Desktop RedesignA complete redesign of LinkedIn on the web with chatTech+ 1 save 907 61Share this profileRecent CommentsMacBook ProHelpyHelpyHelpyHelpy






Scott P. Miller Gouverneur SiteProfile | FDAzilla

See PlansView Cart/Checkout BackScott P. MillerScott P. Miller GouverneurScott P. Miller Gouverneur SiteProfile$295This SiteProfile is a report containing information on 6 years of U.S. Food & Drug Administration inspections at the Scott P. Miller facility located in Gouverneur, NY, United States.This report is updated through Jul 10 2017. This document is not offered at this time.Site profiles provide key FDA inspection metrics as well as a comprehensive history of all FDA inspections of the site since the year 2011. Site profiles have proven to be useful as part of the due diligence process as companies evaluate a site for validation, acquisition, partnership, and/or benchmarking purposes.  If you will be validating a large number of sites on an on-going basis, you should consider Enforcement Analytics or contact us at sales@FDAzilla.com.Product detailsScott P. Miller Gouverneur's metrics: 
					483 issue rate, total inspections, total 483sLinks to Warning Letters issued, if anyInspection details for each inspection (since 2011)   conducted, including:
					
					All investigators for each inspectionIndustry of inspection and FDA office conducting the inspectionIf a 483 was issued, and whether or not any inspections resulted in a Warning Letter.
			Once you check out, you will receive an email (usually within minutes) with a link to download the site profile.
			


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































