







Millington Securities | Institutional Trading Services and ETF Launch Platform



































































						Menu
						
HomeBroker DealerRegistered Investment AdviserContact Us







INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS FOR INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS



Institutional Trading Services ETF Launch Platform Services







Millington Securities is a broker dealer and registered investment adviser focused on the unique needs of institutional money managers. Our mission is to provide clients with innovative solutions that can help improve performance, reduce costs, and increase assets under management.






Connect with Us
 

























Contact Us



































































						Menu
						
HomeBroker DealerRegistered Investment AdviserContact Us














			Contact Us		












Name:



Email:



Subject:



Your Message:



Enter Code:




submit



THANK YOU!
Someone will contact you soon.



Please turn on javascript to submit your data. Thank you!






































Broker Dealer
































































						Menu
						
HomeBroker DealerRegistered Investment AdviserContact Us







WORKING TO REDUCE TRADING COSTS AND IMPROVE PERFORMANCE



LEARN MORE








Our focus
Millington Securities focuses on reducing both implicit and explicit transaction costs, delivering best execution, and trading anonymously which can lead to better performance and may increase assets under management for our institutional clients.




  
Explicit Costs

Our goal is to reduce commission charges and fees, often trading our institutional orders at lower rates than our clients ever thought possible.


  
Implicit Costs
We strive to outperform the volume weighted average price ("VWAP") and we want our actual market impact to be consistently less than our predicted market impact based upon order size, volatility, and market direction.


 
Anonymity

Our experienced traders specialize in maintaining the anonymity of our clients and executing large block-size orders without signaling high-frequency or proprietary trading desks on Wall Street.


  
Performance

We want to create tangible performance improvements for our institutional clients due to our innovative trading approach which may also help increase their assets under management.








Are you an investment adviser or portfolio manager? Millington Securities high-touch institutional trading services could help you and your clients.


LEARN MORE






Value Added Trading Proposition 



								We can help you learn what best execution really means
							


We are a boutique trading firm committed to the belief that investment advisers and other institutional money managers can execute at the lowest trading costs possible without giving up the highest trade quality.Millington can help you trade away from SMA program sponsors and execute model and maintenance trades with little to no commissions.Our skilled traders become an extension of your portfolio management team, striving to help you capture every last basis point of alpha possible. Our traders work to find liquidity even in the most difficult situations. The goal is greatly reduced slippage or market impact between the time your order hits our desk and the last fill.We can also provide daily, monthly or quarterly transaction cost analysis reports to help you monitor our results and assist you with satisfying your best execution compliance requirements.Millington will also aim to work seamlessly with your middle office to eliminate inefficiencies and automate your trade allocations and settlement process as much as possible.





Reduce Commissions



Reduce Market Impact



Trade with Anonymity



Improved Performance


 
 
 






Our high-touch institutional trading services could help portfolio managers reduce transaction costs and improve performance.

Learn More






Connect with Us
 

























Terms & Conditions

































































						Menu
						
HomeBroker DealerRegistered Investment AdviserContact Us














			Terms and Conditions		



 Terms of Use
PLEASE READ OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE VERY CAREFULLY. USE OF THIS WEBSITE (WWW.MILLINGTONSECURITIES.COM) CONSTITUTES YOUR EXPRESS ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT OF AND CONSENT TO THIS TERMS AND CONDITIONS AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”). MILLINGTON SECURITIES, INC. RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, MODIFY, REMOVE, OR ADD PORTIONS TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AT ANY TIME. WE THERFORE RECOMMEND THAT YOU PERIODICALLY RETURN AND REVIEW THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CHANGES THAT MAY AFFECT YOU. ANY CHANGE, MODIFICATION, ADDITION, OR REMOVAL TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITONS WILL BECOME EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING TO THIS WEBSITE.
Millington Securities, Inc. (“Millington Securities”) is a FINRA Member Broker-Dealer and SEC Registered Investment Advisor located at 331 Newman Springs Road, Suite 101, Red Bank, NJ 07701.
Limitation of Liability
Millington Securities does not warrant the accuracy of the materials provided herein, either expressed or implied. Millington Securities does not guarantee the accuracy of the completeness of the information or make any warranties with regard to the results to be obtained from its use. Millington Securities will not be responsible for any loss or damage that could result from interception from third parties of any information made available via this site. Although the information provided on this site is obtained or compiled from sources we believe to be reliable, neither Millington Securities nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, or employees, have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that may be incurred in the event of failure or interruption or any other use of this site, regardless of cause.
The information, graphics, and media presented on this Website are presented “AS IS”. Millington Securities disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, including but not limited to; implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. While the information, graphics, and media presented in this website are compiled from sources we believe to be reliable, Millington Securities does not guarantee that the material is accurate, complete, current, or appropriate for a particular purpose. Decisions based upon the information, graphics and media in this website are solely the responsibility of the visitor.
Neither Millington Securities nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents or 3rd party vendors will be held liable or have any responsibility for any losses, claims, or damages as a result of the visitor making use of this Website, nor will Millington Securities, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, or 3rd party vendors be responsible for any losses, claims or damages resulting from any technical failure or interruption of the website. By using this Website you agree to indemnify, release and hold harmless Millington Securities, its affiliates, officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, and 3rd party vendors against any and all claims, damages, losses, liability and expenses (including, but not limited to attorney fees) resulting from your use of this Website.
Content Disclaimer
This Website is provided for information purposes and no statement within this Website should be construed as a recommendation to buy or sell any securities or a provision of investment advice. The information provided on this site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation which would subject Millington Securities to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country.
Neither Millington Securities nor its representatives are engaged in rendering legal, accounting or tax advice. Any information or service provided by Millington Securities or its representatives is not to be construed as legal/accounting/tax advice or opinion.
The investments and strategies discussed in this Website may not be suitable for all investors. By making the information available on its Website, Millington Securities is not representing that any particular investment strategy is available or suitable for any particular visitor. Past performance may not be indicative of future results. Therefore no visitor should assume that future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended or undertaken by Millington Securities) made reference to directly or indirectly by Millington Securities in its website, or indirectly via a link to an unaffiliated third party website, will be profitable or equal to the corresponding indicated performance level(s). Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that any specific investment will either be suitable or profitable for a client or prospective client’s investment portfolio. Historical performance results for investment indices and/or categories generally do not reflect the deduction of transaction and/or custodial charges, the deduction of an investment management fee, nor the impact of taxes, the incurrence of which would have the effect of decreasing historical performance results.
Certain portions of Millington Securities’ website (i.e. newsletters, articles, commentaries, etc.) may contain a discussion of, and/or provide access to, Millington Securities’ (and those of other investment and non-investment professionals) positions and/or recommendations as of a specific prior date. Due to various factors, including changing market conditions, such discussion may no longer be reflective of current position(s) and/or recommendation(s). Moreover, no client or prospective client should assume that any such discussion serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from Millington Securities or from any other investment professional. Millington Securities is not acting in the capacity as an investment adviser for any user of this website unless and until the user enters into a customer agreement and completes a customer questionnaire with Millington Securities.
To the extent that any client or prospective client utilizes any economic calculator or similar device contained within or linked to Millington Securities’ website, the client and/or prospective client acknowledges and understands that the information resulting from the use of any such calculator/device, is not, and should not be construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from Millington Securities, or from any other investment professional.
Information pertaining to Millington Securities’ advisory operations, services, and fees is set forth in Millington Securities’ current disclosure statement, as same is on file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, a copy of which is available from Millington Securities upon request.
Third Party Links and Information
Links to third-party sites are provided for your convenience. Such sites are not within our control and may not follow the same privacy, security, or accessibility standards as ours. The third-party is responsible for the content and availability of its sites, partners or advertisers.
Millington Securities does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Millington Securities’ website or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility thereof. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.
Trademarks and Copyrights
The content provided in this Website is owned by Millington Securities and is protected by applicable copyrights, trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property protections. This material is intended for personal, non commercial use only. If you download any content from this Website for your personal use you agree not to copy it or remove and/or obscure any copyright or other proprietary marks or information contained in the materials.
The contents’ appearance on our Website should not be construed as granting license or right to use of copyrighted or protected material. Any other use of the content is prohibited without express written permission of Millington Securities. Prohibited use includes, but is not limited to; copying, reproducing, republishing, or distributing the content without express written authorization from Millington Securities. Any unauthorized use of this content may violate trademark laws, copyright laws, and other statutes and regulations regarding intellectual property rights.
Termination
Millington Securities may terminate a visitor’s access to our Website at any time and for any reason without prior notice.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy which is hereby incorporated by reference to this Agreement. It contains important information about our information collection procedure and the security of your personal information.
Jurisdiction
To the extent not inconsistent with applicable law, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey. In addition, to the extent not inconsistent with applicable law, the venue (i.e. location) for the resolution of any dispute or controversy involving Millington Securities, Inc. arising out of use of this Website shall be the County of Monmouth, State of New Jersey.
Severability
Any term or provision of this Agreement which is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. 





Tweet
























Business Continuity Plan

































































						Menu
						
HomeBroker DealerRegistered Investment AdviserContact Us














			Business Continuity Plan		



Millington Securities, Inc. (“Millington” or the “Firm”) has developed a Business Continuity Plan which is designed to help the business cope with an incident which affects our ability to perform in a normal way.  The scale and type of response depends on the incident involved.  A Significant Business Disruption (“SBD”) is defined as any event, either man-made or natural, that results in a prolonged interruption to the business and cannot be managed through normal management processes.  Since the timing and impact of disasters and disruptions is unpredictable, we will have to be flexible in responding to actual events as they occur. With that in mind, we are providing you with this information on our Business Continuity Plan and our general Policy regarding business continuity planning.
Our Business Continuity Plan – Our Business Continuity Plan is designed to help us recover and resume operations as quickly as possible, depending on the scope and severity of the significant business disruption.  Our priorities are to safeguard our employees and property, make a financial and operational assessment, protect the Firm’s books and records, and most importantly, allow our customers to transact business.  Our Business Continuity Plan addresses data backup and recovery; all mission critical systems; financial and operational assessments; alternative communications with customers, employees, and regulators; alternate physical location of employees; critical supplier, contractor, bank and counterparty impact; regulatory reporting and assuring our customers prompt access to their funds and securities if we are unable to continue business.
Our clearing firm, Pershing LLC, backs up our important records in a geographically separate area. While every emergency situation poses unique problems based on external factors, such as time of day and the severity of the disruption, we have been advised by our clearing firm that its objective is to restore its own critical functions and services and be able to complete existing transactions and accept new transactions and payments within one business day. Your orders and requests for funds and securities could be delayed during this period.
Varying Disruptions – SBDs can vary in scope and may affect only our Firm, a single building housing our Firm, the business district where our Firm is located, the city where we are located, or the whole region. The severity of the disruption can also vary from minimal to severe. In a disruption to only our Firm or a building housing our Firm, we will transfer our operations to a local site when needed and expect to recover and resume business as soon as possible. In a disruption affecting our business district, city, or region, we will transfer our operations to a site outside of the affected area, and recover and resume business as soon as possible. In either situation, we plan to continue in business, transfer operations to our clearing firm if necessary, and notify you through our website or customer contact number, on how to contact us. If the SBD is so severe that it prevents us from remaining in business, we will assure our customers’ prompt access to their funds and securities through Pershing, the Firm’s clearing agent.
Contacting Us – If, after an SBD, you cannot contact us at our main phone number (732) 945-3816 or via email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., you should visit our website at www.millingtonsecurities.com where the Firm will post informative notices regarding our business operations.  If you cannot access us through any of those means, you may contact our fully disclosed clearing firm, Pershing LLC, at (201) 413-2000 or via their website at www.pershing.com to determine how they may facilitate your orders in the event Millington is unable to do so.
A hardcopy of Millington’s BCP Summary can be requested or if you have any questions, please direct them to our Compliance Department at (732) 945-3816 or via email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. 





Tweet
























Enhanced SMA Product

































































						Menu
						
HomeBroker DealerRegistered Investment AdviserContact Us














			Enhanced SMA® Product		



Do you manage money held in traditional Separately Managed Account (“SMA”) products at one or more program sponsors? Millington Securities has a patent-pending Enhanced SMA® product that could help you and your clients.
The Problem
Are you concerned about what will happen as your SMA program continues to grow assets under management? Standard separately managed account products holding ordinary shares of common stock have numerous limitations that could be hurting your clients and your performance. As your assets under management grow, so does the size of your trades. This increases your market impact costs which can reduce your anonymity in the marketplace and negatively impact performance. To avoid these problems, you might want to spread orders over multiple days, but in traditional SMA products, this strategy could result in higher transaction costs, multiple confirms and plenty of questions from your clients.
The Solution: Go Beyond Ordinary
Millington Securities Enhanced SMA® is a patent-pending product that goes beyond ordinary. The Enhanced SMA® product could allow your portfolio management team to keep the same investment strategy while spreading orders over multiple days, without increasing transaction costs or the number of confirms your clients receive. And the best part is that you may be able to maintain anonymity and reduce market impact costs no matter how large or fast your AUM grows.
We can help you reap the rewards of passive SMA account holdings combined with active ETF management. Contact us to learn more about our patent-pending approach that is already helping grow assets under management, gain tax efficiencies, and improve performance.
Benefits

Increased Tax Efficiency
Greater Diversification Opportunities
Reduced Transaction Costs and Market Impact
Maintain or Improve Trading Anonymity
Expanded Hedging Opportunities
Return-Enhancing Securities Lending

Launching your private label ETF is only the first step. Millington Securities can take you further and show you how to truly add value to your portfolio management approach with our patent-pending Enhanced SMA® product. 





Tweet








Millington Securities


HomeRegistered Investment AdviserETF Launch PlatformEnhanced SMA ProductBroker DealerInstitutional Trading ServicesSample TCA Report








MILLINGTON SECURITIES INC - NAPERVILLE, IL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



NAPERVILLE



Detective and Armored Car Services



Guard Services



                            MILLINGTON SECURITIES INC
                                    



 





















M 


MILLINGTON SECURITIES INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



222 S MILL ST STE 100 NAPERVILLE, IL 60540
Get Directions



(888) 717-5677





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $35,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Guard Services
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Millington Securities Inc was founded in 2010. Millington Securities Inc specializes in Guard Services. Millington Securities Inc has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $35,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Millington Securities Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























millington securities inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Millington Securities, Inc. provides broker-dealer and investment advisor services. The Company offers high-touch trading and ETF sponsorship services to institutional entities. Millington Securities serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

331 Newman Springs Road
Suite 101
Red Bank, NJ 07701
United States


Phone:
1-732-945-3816


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.millingtonsecurities.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Donald Robert Schreiber Jr "Don"


Chief Executive Officer




Robert Confessore "Bob"


President




Steven Van Solkema


Chief Operating Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Millington Securities, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Millington Securities, Inc.


Millington Securities, Inc.
(CRD# 147298) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Red Bank, NJ.
They
manage $1,487,114,833 in 10 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Millington Securities, Inc.




331 Newman Springs Road, Suite 101,
Red Bank,
NJ
07701
732-945-3816
http://www.wbishares.com




http://www.wbishares.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,487
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

10
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$148,711,483







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




NJ






Financial Advisors at Millington Securities, Inc.








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Millington Securities, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Millington Securities, Inc.



Overview
Executives & Employees Paths



Millington Securities, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2008




Headquarters


222 South Mill Street, Naperville, IL 60540-5290




Employees (Worldwide)


23




Industries


Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Millington Securities, Inc., part of Millington & Co., is a company headquartered in Naperville, IL. The firm provides investment advice. It was founded in 2008 by Chuck G. Millington, he has been the CEO since the inception date.





 Executives & Employees



Donald Robert Schreiber

Chief Executive Officer & Treasurer




Robert Joseph Confessore

President





Paul Joseph Lagermasini

Chief Financial Officer & FINOP




Catherine E. Marshall

General Counsel





Matthew James Bromberg

General Counsel




Leo John Decker

Head of Trading





Daniel Stewart Beaton

FINOP




Steven A. Van Solkema

Chief Operating Officer, CCO & Amlco





Jacqueline Marie Goode

CCO/AML Officer






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Millington Securities, Inc.



                        Millington Securities, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Millington Securities, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Millington Securities, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












