




William F Miller III — Q.care



















Our Partners

PediaQ / Dallas, Austin
Memorial Hermann / Houston


Request a Visit
Download App




Blog
Team
Terms
Privacy
HIPAA
Press










William F Miller III
Board Member

Mr. Milller serves as a director and healthcare industry advisor of KKR Advisors, a global investment firm,. From 2006 to 2013 Mr. Miller was a partner at Highlander Partners, a private equity group in Dallas, Texas focused on investments in healthcare products, services and technology.
From 1983 to 1999, Mr. Miller served as President and Chief Operating Officer of EmCare Holdings, Inc., a national healthcare services firm focused on the provision of emergency physician medical services. From 1980 to 1983, Mr. Miller served as Administrator/Chief Operating Officer of Vail Mountain Medical. Mr. Miller also serves as a director of several private companies. From 1997 to 2012, Mr. Miller served as a director of Lincare Holdings, Inc.



















William F. Miller III - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William F. Miller III
Board Member at HMS Holdings Corp.


View Full Profile
Are you William F. Miller III? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William F. Miller III's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William F. Miller III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William F. Miller III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William F. Miller III through your network of contacts.
												








William F. Miller III's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
HMS Holdings Corp.


Past
To view William F. Miller III's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
68

 
 


William F. Miller III's Biography



Mr. Miller has served as one of our directors since October 2000. In 2013, Mr. Miller joined KKR Advisors, a global investment firm, as a healthcare industry advisor. From 2006 to 2013, Mr. Miller was a partner at Highlander Partners, a private equity group in Dallas, Texas focused on investments in healthcare products, services and technology. From October 2000 to April 2005, Mr. Miller served as our Chief Executive Officer and from December 2000 to April 2006, Mr. Miller served as our Chairman. From 1983 to 1999, Mr. Miller served as President and Chief Operating Officer of EmCare Holdings, Inc., a national healthcare services firm focused  ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Miller has served as one of our directors since October 2000. In 2013, Mr. Miller joined KKR Advisors, a global investment firm, as a healthcare industry advisor. From 2006 to 2013, Mr. Miller was a partner at Highlander Partners, a private equity group in Dallas, Texas focused on investments in healthcare products, services and technology. From October 2000 to April 2005, Mr. Miller served as our Chief Executive Officer and from December 2000 to April 2006, Mr. Miller served as our Chairman. From 1983 to 1999, Mr. Miller served as President and Chief Operating Officer of EmCare Holdings, Inc., a national healthcare services firm focused on the provision of emergency physician medical services. From 1980 to 1983, Mr. Miller served as Administrator/Chief Operating Officer of Vail Mountain Medical. From 1997 to 2012, Mr. Miller served as a director of Lincare Holdings, Inc.     Mr. Miller brings to the Board of Directors both a thorough understanding of our business and the healthcare industry and extensive experience in the financial markets. His significant operational experience, both at HMS and at EmCare Holdings, makes him well-positioned to provide HMS with insight on financial, operational and strategic issues and to serve as a member of the Compliance and Ethics Committee.
		
Source: HMS Holdings Corp. on 07/12/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William F. Miller III's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William F. Miller III. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William F. Miller III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William F. Miller III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William F. Miller III through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William F. Miller III


















William F. Miller III's Connections (61)





Sign up now to view William F. Miller III's 61 connections »









Susan R. Salka
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, AMN Healthcare Services, Inc.









Ralph S. Henderson
President, Professional Services and Staffing, AMN Healthcare Services, Inc.









Denise L. Jackson
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, AMN Healthcare Services, Inc.









Ellen A. Rudnick
Board Member, HMS Holdings Corp.









Stuart H. Altman
Former Board Member, Lincare Holdings Inc.









Andrea Benko
Former Executive Vice President and President, HDI, HMS Holdings Corp.









William C. Lucia
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, HMS Holdings Corp.









Jeffrey S. Sherman
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, HMS Holdings Corp.









Craig R. Callen
Chairman of the Board, Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc.









Cora M. Tellez
Board Member, HMS Holdings Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















William F. Miller III: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:58 PM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of HMS Holdings Corp.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William F. Miller IIIIndependent Director, HMS Holdings Corp.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships67$142,302
Background

		Mr. William F. Miller, III, served as a Partner and Head of Health Care at Highlander Partners, L.P. Mr. Miller joined Highlander Partners in 2006. He focused on management buyouts, recapitalizations and growth investments in the healthcare sector. He led Highlander's efforts to identify and evaluate healthcare investment opportunities within the medical devices and products and healthcare services areas. He was also responsible for working closely with portfolio company ... management teams to develop and execute strategic plans. From October 2, 2000 to April 2005, he served as the Chief Executive Officer of HMS Holdings Corp. From 1983 to 1999, he served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of EmCare Holdings, Inc. From 1980 to 1983, he served as an Administrator and Chief Operating Officer of Vail Mountain Medical. He served financial and management positions in the health care industry, including positions as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer of various hospitals and Administrator and Director of operations of a multi-specialty physician group practice. He served as the Chairman of Eagle Hospital Physicians L.L.C. He served as the Chairman of HMS Holdings corp. from December 14, 2000 to April 2006 and also has been its Independent Director since October 2, 2000. He has been an Independent Director of HMS Holdings since October 02, 2000. He serves as a Director of PediaQ LLC, Chamberlin Edmonds & Associates, Inc., ForHealth Technologies and Baylor Health Care System Foundation. He serves as on the boards of Baylor University Medical Center Foundation, SMU Campus Ministry and UTSW Neuro-Oncology Research and Development Initiatives. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board at Health Enterprise Partners. He served as a Director of Pioneer Surgical Technology, Inc. He served as a Director of Amn Healthcare Services, Inc., from November 1999 to April 9, 2009, Accuro Healthcare Solutions, Inc. since January 2008, Lincare Holdings Inc. from December 1997 to August 13, 2012 and EmCare Holdings Inc. since 1992. Mr. Miller holds M.B.A. and M.H.A degrees from George Washington University and a B.S. degree in Accounting from University of Scranton.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
5615 High Point DriveIrving, Texas 75038United StatesPhone: 214-453-3000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorChamberlin Edmonds & Associates, Inc.DirectorBaylor Health Care System FoundationDirectorEagle Hospital Physicians L.L.C.DirectorPediaQ LLC2000-PresentIndependent DirectorHMS Holdings Corp.
Education
Master's Degree The George Washington UniversityMBA The George Washington UniversityBS University of Scranton
Other Affiliations
AMN Healthcare Services, Inc.Lincare Holdings Inc.Pioneer Surgical Technology, Inc.EmCare Holdings Inc.The George Washington UniversityUniversity of ScrantonChamberlin Edmonds & Associates, Inc.Baylor Health Care System FoundationHighlander Partners, L.P.Accuro Healthcare Solutions, Inc.Health Enterprise PartnersEagle Hospital Physicians L.L.C.PediaQ LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$54,860Total Calculated Compensation$142,302




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationWesley G. Bush Chairman, CEO & PresidentNorthrop Grumman Corporation$1.5MJeffrey  Jacobson Chief Executive Officer & DirectorXerox Corporation$812.5KDion J. Weisler Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorHP Inc.$1.2MLisa C. Im Chairwoman and Chief Executive OfficerPerformant Financial Corporation$630.0KJ. Douglas Williams Chief Executive Officer and DirectorCotiviti Holdings, Inc.$1.6MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact HMS Holdings Corp., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























William F. Miller, III News and Video - Morningstar.com




































Morningstar Hot Topics:

Frontline


Warren Buffett


Volvo


NASDAQ Composite Index


10 Year Treasury

































                                /
                                Free eNewsletters & Magazine




                                /
                                My Account










Quotes
Site





search






























Home


Practice Management


Research & Insights


Alternatives


ETF Managed Portfolios









Archive


Video


Products




Alternatives Screener




Strategy Screener




Advisor Profile


Behavior Gap


Fiduciary Focus


Practice Builder


Retiring With Natalie Choate


Technology




10 Questions


College Savings Educator


Fund Screen


Fund Times


Gray Matters


Investment Briefs


Investment Insights


Investments a la Carte


Market and Economy Quickview


Morningstar Conversation


Phillips Curve


Sector Rap


Spotlight


Stock Screen


Undiscovered Managers








Home>Insiders>William F. Miller, III








Related Topics


William C. Miller


William D. Miller


William G. Miller


William I. Miller


William J. Miller


William R. Miller





Popular Topics


Frontline


Warren Buffett


Volvo


NASDAQ Composite Index


10 Year Treasury







William F. Miller, III






All


Morningstar Articles


3rd Party


Investing












Funds That Go Moatless
Price discipline can offset some of the risks of investing in no-moat firms.





UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested
UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested





UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested
UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested





UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, now that 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested
UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, now that 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested





UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested
UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested





UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested
UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested





UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested
UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested





UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested
UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested





UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested
UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested





UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested
UPDATE: Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, if 'Downtown' Josh Brown just invested








12345…















Our Products

Tools


Advisor Workstation


Morningstar Office


Morningstar Direct




Resources


Advisor e-Newsletters


Morningstar Magazine


Ibbotson SBBI Print Kit




Services



Back Office Services


Managed Portfolios










Contact Us
                        /
                    

Media Kit
                        /
                    

Terms of Use
                        /
                    

Privacy Policy
                        /
                    

Corrections






©2017 Morningstar Advisor. All right reserved.














需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















 Advisory Board - HEP - Health Enterprise Partners 
















































































Firm Overview

Overview
Philosophy & Governance


Investment Criteria
Team

Team
Advisory Board


Portfolio
Investors
News

News
Past Newsletters
Webinars
White Papers










  









Advisory Board
Among HEP’s greatest assets is its Industry Advisory Board, composed of executives with knowledge that assists the General Partners in evaluating emerging trends and sourcing new investment opportunities.














Rich Adcock
President,
Sanford Frontiers
Mark Bakken
Chairman Emeritus,
Nordic Consulting
Mark Boxer
CIO,
Cigna Corporation
 








Russell L. Carson
General Partner,
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe
Fred Goldwater
Former SVP,
BlueCross BlueShield of North Carolina
Robert M. Holster
Chairman,
HMS Holdings, Inc.








William J. Hewitt
Retired partner,
Ropes & Gray LLP
William F. Miller III
Healthcare Industry Advisor,
KKR Advisors
Dr. Michael Shrift
CMIO,
Community Health Network








Lyman G. Sornberger
Chief Strategy Office,
Capio Partners, LLC
Jay Srini
Chief Strategist,
SCS Ventures
Lisa Zuckerman
Vice President,
Treasury Services, Dignity Health








"From day one, our partners at HEP jumped in and began adding value. They were constantly on the lookout for opportunities we might be interested in pursuing, and quickly made introductions where appropriate. I've become a big fan of HEP, and would recommend them to anyone who's looking for a smart, experienced healthcare capital partner."− Jeff Butler, CEO, Privia Health












 News 

Q&A with Jon Hunt  of Bardy Diagnostics


ContinuumRX & Inova Health System Launch JV


Evariant Appoints Clay Ritchey as New CEO


 


Contact Health Enterprise Partners
565 Fifth Avenue, 26th Floor
New York, NY 10017
Phone: 212-981-6901
Fax: 212-981-6901





NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP
Email address: 








Pages Firm Overview
Investment Criteria
Team
Portfolio
Investors
News 









© 2014 Health Enterprise Partners. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. 



    




 





























 




Lawrence School - William F. Miller III








































Highlights






New Literacy Program Announced for Emerging Readers





Graduates Awarded Diplomas at 13th Annual Commencement





Upper School Summer Reading and Math Assignments Announced





Expert Panelists Discuss ADHD At Community Education Event











 News





Grade 6 Students Honored During End-Of-Year Ceremony


June 7, 2017
 9:30 AM




Themes Announced For Lower School Spirit Week 2017


May 22, 2017
 3:15 PM




2017 Commencement – What You Need To Know


May 22, 2017
 3:12 PM




Lawrence Students to Perform with Melissa Etheridge


May 22, 2017
12:13 PM










Events





Aug 1 2017

All-Sports/Extracurricular Expo



 6:00 PM
 - 
 8:00 PM

Upper School campus – Gym





Aug 14 2017

Lower School New Parent Orientation



 8:30 AM
 - 
10:30 AM

Lower School campus





Aug 18 2017

Grade 7 Student & Parent Orientation 



 1:00 PM
 - 
 4:30 PM

Upper School campus (Sagamore Hills)













Lawrence School

















News & Calendar





















William F. Miller III





Bill Miller is a former Lawrence parent and an active father of three sons. He is deeply committed to the education community serving on both the Lawrence School and Hawken School Board of Trustees. He spends much of his time at both schools helping with coaching, fundraising, and teaching photography. His past involvements include the Boy Scouts of America, both Geauga County and Portage County United Way, Aurora Chamber of Commerce and Kent State Alumni Board.Bill is a lifetime resident of the greater Cleveland area and an alumni of University School. He received a B.A. in English Literature and an Executive MBA, both from Kent State University, Kent, Ohio. Professionally, Bill owned and operated OEM/Miller Corporation, a plastics manufacturing company located in Aurora, Ohio. He sold the business in 1999 and has devoted his time to various philanthropic causes involving youth.
























Powered by Finalsite







