


Robert Wayne Miller - San Antonio, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert Wayne Miller in San Antonio, TX


Robert Wayne Miller

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert Wayne Miller  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from San Antonio, TX.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Robert Wayne Miller is in his 50s

Robert Has Lived In

San Antonio, TX
Dalton, GA
Johnson City, TN

Robert's Relatives

Michael Miller







Robert Wayne Miller



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert Wayne Miller
Get a Criminal Check on Robert Wayne Miller
Get a Public Record Report on Robert Wayne Miller
Get a People Search Report on Robert Wayne Miller


Robert Wayne Miller's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert Wayne Miller has lived as well as Robert Wayne Miller's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert Wayne Miller Has Lived in 3 States
Texas Address for Robert Wayne Miller


3018 B***** A** 

San Antonio, TX


Has Lived In

San Antonio, TX
Dalton, GA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert Wayne Miller

(210) ***-**** - San Antonio, TX 
(210) ***-**** - San Antonio, TX 
(210) ***-**** - San Antonio, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert Wayne Miller



Get Email Report




Robert Wayne Miller's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert Wayne Miller


Robert Wayne Miller's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert Wayne Miller's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Miller
Username Matches

                  RobertMiller
                  MillerRobert
                  Robert.Miller
                  Miller.Robert
                  Robert_Miller
                  Miller_Robert
                  Robert-Miller
                  Miller-Robert
                  RMiller
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Miller







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Robert  Miller in          Cabot, AR
    | Intelius






















Sign In




People Search
Background Check
Criminal Records
Reverse Lookup
Employee Screening
Identity Protection
Intelius Premier




Reverse Lookup
People Search






We did not find Robert  Miller in          Cabot, AR
   


         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.












Robert Wayne Miller 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





























 






Heartfelt Sympathies Store | Robert  Wayne Miller


























Send Flowers


Plant a Tree


Light a Candle








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of Robert  Wayne Miller can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy


































Robert Wayne Miller - Financial Advisor - BrightScope Advisor Pages

































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top
Home>Advisor Pages>Robert Wayne Miller








Robert Wayne MillerFind an Advisor




OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees








Is this you?Claim this profile


Share



Follow

Following








Robert Wayne Miller

No Current Employment Listed









Find an Advisor





OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees











Overview








Description
        
This advisor is no longer actively registered. Their most recent                            registration with Rbc Capital Markets, LLC ended in September 25, 2015....











Information
        


other names

N/A
            


Other Firms
N/A




doing business as
N/A


type
Not Actively Registered







Location
        




There is no location data at this time.










Services








Advisor Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.







Boeing Fee Settlement Highlights the High Bar for Large Plans
BrightScope Editorial







Funds







Funds Used With Clients
        




There are no funds listed for this advisor at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.










Qualifications







Experience


No timeline events available.










Employer
Years
Dates




Rbc Capital Markets , LLC
              

8 years, 4 months

              

Mar 2009 - Present
              


Ferris, Baker Watts Incorporated
              

15 years, 5 months

              
Oct 1993 - Mar 2009
              








Are YouRobert Wayne Miller?
          


Claim your profilefor FREE

Update yourcontact information

Highlight your specialtiesand expertise

Claim this free profile






Designations & Memberships




Membership information not available

















Articles and Answers







Insights by Robert Miller
        




There are no insights for this advisor to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Answers
        Ask a financial questionAsk a question




There are no answers for this advisor to display at this time.










Advisor Links
        




There are no links for this advisor to display at this time.










Licenses & Conducts








U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


license status
Not registered


disclosures
3


as of date

Sep 25, 2015







FINRA


license status
Not registered


disclosures
3


as of date

Nov  9, 2016






Review the status and details of the disclosures noted above using the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure website:
See Disclosure Details








Assets







Assets




There are no assets to display at this time.












Fees











There is no compensation data available to display at this time














Other Advisors in Your Area





Herbert N Glass
Glass Retirement Strategies, Inc.
Bingham Farms, MIView Profile






Michael Reid, CFA®
Exchange Capital Management Inc
Ann Arbor, MIView Profile






Ken Krausman

Bloomfield Hills, MIView Profile






Melissa Joy CFP®
Center for Financial Planning Inc
Southfield, MIView Profile






Robert Paul Schmansky
Clear Financial Advisors, LLC
Livonia, MIView Profile






Richard Thomas Phillips
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Farmington, MIView Profile



See All Advisors










Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations












































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisor
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find and Research a Financial Advisor
    





Search




Advisor Name







Active advisors only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Advisor Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/advisor/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Asset-Based Fees (511,679)



Fixed Fees (427,554)



Hourly Charges (257,249)



Commissions (238,813)



Fee Only (957)






State Approval



All states



California (192,948)



Florida (189,611)



Texas (168,975)



New York (157,622)



North Carolina (132,047)






Current Employer



No preference



Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (34,514)



Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC (26,639)



J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (25,622)



Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (24,260)









Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (273,106)



100M - 500M (31,171)



1B - 10B (92,720)



10B - 100B (113,962)



> 100B (174,259)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (41,116)



100 - 500K (380,641)



500K - 1M (19,777)



1M - 10M (25,756)






Client Types



No Preference



Individuals (565,046)



High Net Worth Individuals (564,980)



Pension And Profit Sharing Plans (564,631)



Charitable Organizations (564,242)



State Or Municipal Government Entities (564,021)






Financial Advisor Search Results


739,533 results













George Cones, JD 



                            
    					    Third Sigma Investment Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilmington, DE
			        













George Cabalu 



                            
    					    Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Mclean, VA
			        













Andrew Comstock, CFA 



                            
    					    Castlebar Asset Management, LLC
                            
                                


			            Leawood, KS
			        













Curtis E. Hollowell 



                            
    					    Redmount Capital Partners LLC
                            
                                


			            Newport Beach, CA
			        













John A. Frisch CPA/PFS, CFP®, AIF®, PPC 



                            
    					    Alliant Wealth Advisors
                            
                                


			            Prince William, VA
			        













James D. Kinney, CFP® 



                            
    					    Financial Pathways
                            
                                


			            Bridgewater, NJ
			        













Arie J. Korving, CFP® 



                            
    					    Korving & Company LLC
                            
                                


			            Suffolk, VA
			        













Tony Krance, MBA, CFP®, AIF® 



                            
    					    401K Plan Advisors
                            
                                


			            Green Bay, WI
			        













Eve L. Kaplan, CFP® 



                            
    					    Kaplan Financial Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Berkeley Heights, NJ
			        













Kimberly L. Curtis, CFP®, ChFC, CLU, CAP, AEP, MSFS 



                            
    					    Wealth Legacy Institute, Inc.
                            
                                


			            Denver, CO
			        













Lyle Himebaugh 



                            
    					    Granite Group Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilton, CT
			        













Martin "Marty" Leclerc 



                            
    					    Barrack Yard Advisors, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC
                            
                                



			            Washington, DC
			        













Clint Haynes 



                            
    					    Nextgen Wealth, LLC
                            
                                


			            Lee'S Summit, MO
			        













Jonathan N. Castle, MSFS, CFP® 



                            
    					    Paragon Wealth Strategies, LLC.
                            
                                


			            Jacksonville, FL
			        













Nicholas Olesen, CFP®, CRPC® 



                            
    					    Private Advisor Group, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    LPL Financial LLC
                            
                                



			            King Of Prussia, PA
			        








1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


























Robert Wayne Miller - Ballotpedia















































Donate




 Elections
 Sample Ballot Lookup
 Elected Officials Lookup
 Election results
 Analysis
 2016 election analysis
 2016 election results
 Pivot counties
 Control of state government
 Competitiveness analysis
 Elections calendar
 Federal elections
 U.S. Congress special elections
 U.S. Congress elections, 2018
 State elections
 State executive
 State legislative
 State legislative special elections
 Ballot measures
 Judicial
 Local elections
 Municipal
 School board
 Local judicial
 Local measures
 Recall
 Elections by state and year
 Ballot access for candidates
 Federal
 Presidential elections
 Executive branch
 Policy issues under the Trump administration
 Presidential approval rating
 Tracking the Trump administration
 Legislative branch
 Congress
 U.S. Senate
 U.S. House
Congressional approval rating
 Judicial branch
 Supreme Court
 Supreme Court cases
 U.S. Courts of Appeals
 U.S. District Courts
 State
 State Politics
 Ballot measures
 State budgets
 State courts
 State profiles
 State legislatures
 State executive officials
 Elections by state and year
 Local
 Local ballot measures
 Notable measures
 Local measure elections
 Local courts
 Courts and judges by county
 Judicial elections
 Local elections
 Municipal government
 Largest cities
 Large counties
 Municipal elections
 Recall
 Laws governing recall
 Recall elections
 School boards
 Largest school districts
 School board elections
 Policy
 Budgets
 Civil liberties
 Education
 Elections
 Energy
 Environment
 Finance
 Healthcare
 Immigration
 Pensions
 Index
 Influencers
 National influencers
 State influencers
 Local influencers
 Election influencers
 Policy influencers
 Influencers by type
 Influencers by legal type
 Fact check
 New stories
 Federal
 State
 Local
 By date
 Submit a claim
 About fact-checking
 News
 Front page
 The Tap
 The Daily Brew
 You're Hired
 Verbatim fact check
 The Ballot Bulletin
 Pliny's Point
 Number of the Day
 Past news
 Press releases
 About
 About us
 Contact us
 Staff
 Events
 Index
 Job opportunities
 Newsletters
 Our history
 Our scope
 Partnerships
 Report an error
 Submit
 Submit a bio
 Submit a photo
 Support our work


Want to receive email updates from Ballotpedia?
			









Sign Up!


View   Print   Please log in for more tools.

Please log in to continue.



Please log in to continue.








Page contents

1 Biography
2 Elections

2.1 2016

2.1.1 Results
2.1.2 Funding
2.1.3 October 28 filing
2.1.4 March 22 filing




3 Campaign themes

3.1 2016

3.1.1 Ballotpedia survey responses

3.1.1.1 Ranking the issues
3.1.1.2 Positions on the issues


3.1.2 Additional themes




4 What was at stake?

4.1 2016

4.1.1 Board fault lines over superintendent

4.1.1.1 Impact on 2016 election






5 About the district

5.1 Demographics


6 Recent news
7 See also
8 External links
9 Footnotes







  


Robert Wayne Miller






From Ballotpedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search




   

 The information about this individual is current as of when his or her last campaign ended. Please contact us with any updates.

Robert Wayne MillerBoard member, Howard County Public Schools Board of Education, At-largeFormer candidateElections and appointmentsLast electionNovember 8, 2016Term limitsN/AEducationBachelor'sUniversity of Maryland-College ParkMaster'sUniversity of Maryland-College ParkPersonalProfessionRetired teacherWebsitesPersonal websiteCampaign websiteHave you heard of The Tap?Click here to read the latest edition of Ballotpedia's weekly newsletter.
 
Robert Wayne Miller was a candidate for at-large representative on the Howard County Public Schools Board of Education in Maryland. Miller ran for the seat in the primary election on April 26, 2016. He lost in the general election on November 8, 2016.[1]
Biography
Email editor@ballotpedia.org to notify us of updates to this biography.

Miller earned his B.S. in psychology and B.S. in music education from the University of Maryland-College Park. He later received his M.Ed. in music education from the same university. Miller was a teacher and band instructor in the district from 1981 until his retirement in 2015. He and his wife have two children who graduated from district schools.[2]

Elections
2016
 See also: Howard County Public Schools elections (2016)
A dispute over the Howard County Board of Education's decision to renew the contract of Superintendent Renee Foose in February 2016 defined the race for three out of seven board seats. All three seats up for election in 2016 were held by board members who approved a four-year contract for Foose. The superintendent faced scrutiny from local groups and state officials over a perceived lack of transparency into district decisions. A swing of all three seats from incumbents to challengers interested in reforming board policies created a majority that does not favor Foose's proposals.
The general election was held on November 8, 2016. A primary election was held on April 26, 2016, with the top six vote recipients advancing to the general election. Incumbents Ann DeLacy, Ellen Flynn Giles, and Janet Siddiqui filed for re-election. They faced challengers Corey Andrews, Marcelino Bedolla, Kirsten Coombs, Vicky Cutroneo, Christina Delmont-Small, Mavis Ellis, Robert Wayne Miller, and Pravin Ponnuri in the primary. Siddiqui, Coombs, Cutroneo, Delmont-Small, Ellis, and Miller ran in the general election. The primary resulted in losses for DeLacy and Giles, opening board seats taken by opponents of Superintendent Foose in November 2016. Coombs, Delmont-Small, and Ellis won election with Siddiqui finishing in fourth place.[1]

Results


Howard County Public Schools,At-large General Election, 4-Year Terms, 2016

Candidate
Vote %
Votes Kirsten Coombs 
23.56%
81,482 Christina Delmont-Small 
19.51%
67,466 Mavis Ellis 
16.87%
58,341Janet Siddiqui Incumbent
15.55%
53,762Vicky Cutroneo 
12.71%
43,935Robert Wayne Miller 
11.71%
40,484Write-in votes
0.09%
311Total Votes
345,781
Source: Maryland State Board of Elections, "2016 Presidential General Election Results," accessed December 14, 2016



Howard County Public Schools,At-large Primary Election, 4-Year Terms, 2016

Candidate
Vote %
Votes Kirsten Coombs 
17.59%
34,200 Christina Delmont-Small 
15.25%
29,654 Mavis Ellis 
12.64%
24,571 Janet Siddiqui Incumbent
12.12%
23,564 Vicky Cutroneo 
8.85%
17,200 Robert Wayne Miller 
7.16%
13,916Corey Andrews 
6.73%
13,087Ann DeLacy Incumbent
6.25%
12,158Ellen Flynn Giles Incumbent
5.84%
11,355Pravin Ponnuri 
4.71%
9,157Marcelino Bedolla 
2.85%
5,548Total Votes
194,410
Source: Maryland State Board of Elections, "Unofficial 2016 Presidential Primary Election results for Howard County," accessed April 26, 2016

Funding
See also: List of school board campaign finance deadlines in 2016

Candidates for public office in Maryland had until March 22, 2016, to submit their first contributions and expenditures report of the primary campaign. The final campaign finance deadline of the 2016 campaign was November 22, 2016.[3] State law allows candidates to file Affidavits of Limited Contributions and Expenditures (ALCE) if their campaigns did not accept $1,000 in contributions or spend $1,000 in a particular reporting period.[4]

October 28 filing
Candidates received a total of $3,373.05 and spent a total of $2,929.28 as of October 30, 2016, according to the Maryland Campaign Reporting Information System.[5]



 Candidate

 Contributions

 Expenditures

 Cash on hand


 Janet Siddiqui (incumbent)

 $0.00

 $0.00

 $4,709.75


 Kirsten Coombs

 $795.00

 $1,678.02

 $2,476.29


 Vicky Cutroneo

 $0.00

 $0.00

 $0.00


 Christina Delmont-Small

 $0.00

 $0.00

 $2,220.40


 Mavis Ellis

 $1,043.05

 $0.00

 $3,012.80


 Robert Wayne Miller

 $1,535.00

 $1,251.26

 $983.39

March 22 filing
Candidates received a total of $27,928.38 and spent a total of $29,236.32 as of April 19, 2016, according to the Maryland Campaign Reporting Information System.[6]



 Candidate

 Contributions

 Expenditures

 Cash on hand


 Ann DeLacy (incumbent)

 $3,175.00

 $931.78

 $2,763.17


 Ellen Flynn Giles (incumbent)

 $0.00

 $1,602.90

 $10,142.87


 Janet Siddiqui (incumbent)

 $0.00

 $6,490.68

 $4,134.75


 Corey Andrews

 $1,368.38

 $1,249.57

 $118.81


 Marcelino Bedolla

 ALCE

 ALCE

 ALCE


 Kirsten Coombs

 $2,745.00

 $5,371.89

 $2,585.33


 Vicky Cutroneo

 $11,350.00

 $7,000.00

 $4,350.00


 Christina Delmont-Small

 $6,975.00

 $0.00

 $6,975.00


 Mavis Ellis

 $715.00

 $1,710.25

 $989.75


 Robert Wayne Miller

 $1,130.00

 $568.13

 $658.97


 Pravin Ponnuri

 $470.00

 $4,311.12

 $617.21

Campaign themes
2016
Ballotpedia survey responses
See also: Ballotpedia's school board candidate survey

Robert Wayne Miller participated in Ballotpedia's 2016 survey of school board candidates. In response to the question "What do you hope to achieve if elected to the school board?" the candidate stated on February 14, 2016:



 “

I hope to help move the school board and school system toward being more open, transparent, accountable, and responsive to our community. I hope to help develop an atmosphere where everyone's thoughts, including those of employees, can be expressed and accepted respectfully without fear of negative consequences. I hope to help reduce the time students take standardized tests, drastically change the teacher/administrator evaluation system, and remove obstacles from teachers so they will be more enabled to assist students. Meanwhile, I would like to steer attention toward providing more one-on-one assistance to students who need it to learn hierarchical skills, and toward training students to be organized from the early elementary school grades. I'd like to work on increasing family involvement and student engagement. I'd like to contribute toward modifying the way we implement special education. Revising the way we implement Student Service Learning and the Positive Behavioral Intervention Supports programs are also areas I would like to address. I hope to implement ways we can be more financially efficient. I would like to enable us to devise a more coherent and effective plan for using technology in our schools. I would also like to adjust the new elementary school model, especially as it relates to the World Language program in the secondary grades as well as related staffing and equity issues, and to concerns with reduced related arts and technology education time.[7][8]

 ”


Ranking the issues
The candidate was asked to rank the following issues based on how they should be prioritized by the school board, with 1 being the most important and 7 being the least important. Each ranking could only be used once.



 Education policy





 Click here to learn more about education policy in Maryland.


 Education on the ballot




 Issue importance ranking


 Candidate's ranking

 Issue


 1 
Balancing or maintaining the district's budget


 2 
Closing the achievement gap


 3 
Improving relations with teachers


 4 
Improving post-secondary readiness


 5 
Improving education for special needs students


 6 
Expanding arts education


 7 
Expanding school choice options



 “

Assuming that this text box refers to question 6 (and not 5, as stated), I would like to comment on my responses. First, the categories can overlap and are situational, and I feel that all of the categories, with the possible exception of "Expanding school choice options", are important. I ranked the budget as first, as the other initiatives would generally require funding. I ranked closing the achievement gap as second, because I think that it could have the most profound effect on our society, and providing quality educational opportunities to all students should be a cornerstone of our public educational system. I chose improving relations with teachers as third because I believe that many of our teachers do not presently feel supported by the our school board, and I feel that our board can serve them better; improvement in these areas can increase the effectiveness of teachers essentially across the board. I chose improving post-secondary readiness fourth as it will apply to a large percentage of students and their future successes in college, career, and life. I chose improving special needs education fifth as it is somewhat more focused, though for that subset of students, the effect of improvement could be felt more than would be for other subsets. There is sometimes overlap between this concern and that of the achievement gap, and it is an important matter. I chose expanding arts education sixth because, though there are still many opportunities to improve in this area, our county is further along than most overall; it is still an important concern, though, for some students because of careers, and for others because of beneficial effects on their lives. I chose school choice last because I don't see this as a need for the great majority of students presently in our county. Though there are occasions where it might be applicable, in general, potential negative consequences could result. Providing quality educational opportunities at all of our schools is a higher priority.[8]

 ”


 —Robert W. Miller (February 14, 2016)

Positions on the issues
The candidate was asked to answer nine questions from Ballotpedia regarding significant issues in education and the school district. The questions are highlighted in blue and followed by the candidate's responses. Some questions provided multiple choices, which are noted after those questions. The candidate was also provided space to elaborate on their answers to the multiple choice questions.



Should new charter schools be approved in your district? (Not all school boards are empowered to approve charter schools.In those cases, the candidate was directed to answer the question as if the school board were able to do so.)


No. If there was one that applied and provided a significant reason for its existence, and it met the necessary qualifications, I would not be opposed to giving it consideration. Otherwise, they can be an unproven distraction and cause negative complications for "regular" public schools and the overall school system. That said, if the above qualifications are met, I would keep an open mind. Charter schools that would be more effective than public schools are conceivable, but appear to be rare in practice.


Which statement best describes the ideal relationship between the state government and the school board? The state should always defer to school board decisions, defer to school board decisions in most cases, be involved in the district routinely or only intervene in severe cases of misconduct or mismanagement.


The state should only intervene in severe cases of misconduct or mismanagement. School board members should be "specialists" in their county regarding public education concerns, so the school board members should generally be making the decisions affecting their schools. If there are severe cases of misconduct or mismanagement, the state should intervene.


Are standardized tests an accurate metric of student achievement?


No. Actually, it depends. They probably have varying degrees of accuracy based on the test that is used, the students being tested, the subject being tested, etc. There are too many variables (past knowledge, mental state of the student on testing day, type of test, method of scoring, etc.) to base important decisions exclusively on standardized tests. They can have some general uses, but unfortunately, not only are decisions made based on standardized tests that are probably inaccurate, but the results are sometimes used improperly. For example, I believe that standardized test scores reflect the socio-economics of a school more than the quality of instruction that occurs in the school, yet they are sometimes used to measure the latter. Also, if standardized tests are used at all, it should be in combination with other measures of achievement, as some students perform better with some types of assessment than others.


What is your stance on the Common Core State Standards Initiative?


My feelings are mixed. In general, I think that it holds some value and promise, though I think it was not implemented with sufficient input or training. I think there is enough substance to be worth pursuing and tweaking at this point, but it should be re-evaluated at a later time.


How should the district handle underperforming teachers? Terminate their contract before any damage is done to students, offer additional training options, put them on a probationary period while they seek to improve or set up a mentorship program for the underperforming teacher with a more experienced teacher in the district?


Offer additional training options. Put them on a probationary period while they seek to improve. Set up a mentorship program for the underperforming teacher with a more experienced teacher in the district. Though this question is difficult to answer by selecting from limited options, my general feeling is that, while there may be situations where teachers may have to be terminated, before doing this, opportunities for additional training and participation in a mentorship program while they are on a probationary period are reasonable in most cases. Furthermore, I believe that placement options, such as with students at a different age and/or achievement level, or at a school with a different atmosphere, might be worth considering.


Should teachers receive merit pay?


No. If a system of merit pay was devised that was objective, practical, and fair, I would probably be supportive of it. Since I know of none that has met these requirements and don't foresee any due to the variables involved in the evaluation of teachers, I do not believe that one should be implemented. It could result in many negative consequences, which could include skewing of the curriculum, teaching to tests, and a focus on statistics and evaluations instead of the teaching of students.


Should the state give money to private schools through a voucher system or scholarship program?


No. Generally, the state should use public money for public schools. Public money should not be siphoned off to go to private schools. Parents may choose to send their students to private schools if they so choose, but they should pay for that option. Taking money from public schools would likely reduce the quality of public schools. Public schools have been one of the most beneficial developments in making our country what it is. Also, all other things being equal, there is not proof that private schools are more effective than public schools, as a whole, and voucher programs have not been proven to produce superior results. Aside from other considerations such as the doctrine of separation of church and state, public money should go to public schools, which essentially any student can attend.


How should expulsion be used in the district?


Though there are cases where expulsion is appropriate, especially when student and staff safety are involved, in general, I would like to see alternatives used. Though there are many options, including in-school or after school options, I think that a special site with specialized staff would also be worth considering, at least in some cases, especially in a school system the size of ours.


What's the most important factor for success in the classroom: student-teacher ratio, the curriculum, teachers, parent involvement or school administration?


Teachers I believe they are all important, but the "intersection between students and teachers" is the most important overall.

Additional themes
Miller's campaign website listed the following themes for 2016: 



 “


Standardized testing
Though standardized testing can have some valid uses (i.e., providing possible insight into the “achievement gap”, and providing possible insight into individual student achievement and skill attainment relative to other students), during the past few decades it has often been misused and overused.  An example of misuse would be when schools are compared by evaluating standardized test scores with the mistaken assumption that the quality of a school can be determined by examining scores.  There are a multitude of variables affecting test scores, including differences in demographics, transiency, prior school and environmental experiences, etc. (which are also reasons that standardized tests should not be relied upon when evaluating teachers; please see the “Teacher Evaluation” link).  Regarding overuse, the amount of instructional time students spend taking standardized tests and preparing for them is far out of proportion to the amount of useful information derived from the tests.
The valid uses of standardized testing should not require the testing of all students in almost every grade every year.  In addition to instructional time that is lost, standardized testing causes many tangential problems.  During standardized testing windows, resources are often used for testing instead of for learning, and educators are often used for administering tests instead of for providing instruction, so students who are not testing are still negatively affected when other students in their school are testing.  The normal functioning of the school is disrupted; testing days are commonly blocked from activities, and testing and make-up testing add instructional challenges when only some of a class is pulled for testing, sometimes for days.  Furthermore, instructional time is lost while students practice and/or prepare for the standardized tests.  Money that could be used for instructional purposes is instead being used to purchase the standardized tests, pay for the operation of the schools during the testing, and compensate the staff members who administer the tests when they could be teaching.
Though a great deal of student and staff time and money is spent on standardized testing every year from early elementary school through high school, there appears to be little direct benefit to the students themselves; they are not even able to see what they answered correctly and incorrectly on the tests.
Some of the tests (i.e., PARCC) are mandated by State and Federal governments, so we must do what we can to reduce the negative impact of over-testing while trying to bring about change at the State and Federal levels.  Until that is accomplished, other county-based standardized tests (i.e., MAP tests, which are generally administered three times every year to most students), should be reduced or eliminated, as teachers often lack the time and/or resources to use the results to tailor their instruction to the specific needs of their students (please see “Basic Skills” link). 
I imagine that, for most adults, the most important things they learned in school aside from the “three R’s” could not be measured by a standardized test (i.e., creativity, effort, ethical reflection).  Time spent on these tests is time taken from the other instruction.  Furthermore, excessive concern with test scores can lead to “teaching to the test” and “scheduling to the test”, distorting the curriculum in order to achieve higher scores.  Basing teacher evaluations on the tests will only make matters worse (please see “Teacher Evaluation” link).  Standardized testing, as presently executed, is a disproportional and unsatisfactory use of student and staff time and effort, and of taxpayer money.  I would like to do what I can to change this situation by reducing the amount and frequency of standardized testing, as well as by researching the possibility of using standardized tests that would provide for increased student learning by enabling students to obtain informational feedback regarding their specific test responses.
Teacher evaluation
Typically, the teacher evaluation system in Howard County is a poor use of time and resources.  Problems with the evaluation system include:

 the temptation to lower standards; because teachers receive a score based upon their students' improvement on a task throughout the year; concern that an overly-challenging task might be harmful to their evaluation score could tempt teachers to select goals that are not appropriately challenging for students.
 a lack of validity, as often teachers are grading their students with subjective tools, with the grades being used in the teachers’ evaluations
 misuse of students’ time, often by testing them on material teachers know the students don’t know in order to obtain a baseline score, and then potentially spending more time on the task/objective than would be normally spent in order to produce a better teacher evaluation score, thus skewing the curriculum
 misuse of teachers’ time, often by requiring a large amount of documentation paperwork as well as online documentation, conferences with administrators, and professional learning time largely devoted to the evaluation system itself, all of which could be better used otherwise helping students learn
 misuse of administrators’ time, requiring them to conference with teachers about the teachers’ evaluations and maintain documentation about them instead of observing and supporting teachers and students
 insufficient accounting for other variables, i.e., students’ past experiences, recently transferred students, teachers abilities to work with students of different backgrounds (socioeconomic, intellectual, parental support level, etc.)
 expectation of student literacy progress even from teachers of primarily non-literacy-related subjects
To an extent, good teaching is an art not easily measured by an instrument, and the present system is ineffective, inefficient, and often wasteful regarding time, resources, and money.  If there are teachers who are struggling, administrators should be aware of this and provide teacher supports and/or alternatives quickly so students are not victims of the system.  Because of parent, student, and peer feedback, administrators and supervisors should be well aware of educators who could use more assistance (in fact, there should be more articulation between administrators, supervisors, and educators themselves regarding the quality of instruction students have previously received).  The present evaluation system deprives administrators of time to evaluate and assist more effectively, deprives teachers of options and instructional time, and thus deprives students of learning.  
Atmosphere of Enabling Educators
Educators should feel enabled, trusted, and supported by school system personnel and at their individual schools.  Yet, this is often not the case.  Procedures should be designed in ways that will minimize roadblocks in the paths of educators who are trying to do their best for their students.
Respecting educators’ time would help to enable educators do more for their students.  Teachers and administrators are not “hourly employees”, and most put far, far more time into their jobs than is required by contract.  Insisting that they do work in their buildings that they could do just as well at home, insisting that they attend meetings that are not relevant to them just because others need to attend, and not treating them as professionals (this is the case more in some schools than others) all contribute to reducing staff morale and engagement, and are antithetical to enabling.  
Central Office and school-based administrators should see themselves as serving school-based teachers and instructional staff, who should see themselves as serving students, who should in turn be taught by families to appreciate the efforts of their educators and their education.  
Sometimes this does not appear to be occurring.  Educators often have to jump through unnecessary hoops to comply with Central Office edicts, when efforts should instead be made to reduce impediments to teaching and learning.  Efforts by school personnel, local media, and community leaders to encourage parental support of educators where it is lacking would contribute greatly to more effective and efficient teaching and learning (please see the “Family Involvement and Student Engagement” link for more about the importance of the alliance of parents and educators). We need to focus efforts and resources at the “intersection of teachers and students”, as that is where the rubber meets the road.
Additionally, when educators are fairly compensated as professionals, they can focus on educating students without having to hold second jobs to make ends meet or travel long distances because they cannot afford to live in Howard County.  Having our educators live in our communities would be a good thing for our educators, our students, and our communities.  The best investment that our school system can make is to get and keep the best educators.  It is reasonable for our educators to receive salary step increases for longevity as well as cost-of-living increases.  This should essentially be a given, and should be supported by our Board of Education.
Also, open lines of communication between Board of Education members, Central Office members, and school-based educators are important for obtaining input that will allow the best decisions to be made for our students and for the school system as a whole.  An atmosphere of trust should be encouraged throughout the system.
[8]


 ”


 —Robert Wayne Miller (2016), [9]

What was at stake?
2016
Board fault lines over superintendent
 Superintendent Renee FooseHoward County Superintendent Renee Foose and a five-member majority on the school board faced scrutiny in 2016 over the availability of district information during Foose's tenure. Foose was appointed to a second four-year contract by a 5-2 vote in February 2016 despite a petition signed by 1,500 district residents requesting a vote against renewal. Christine O'Connor, Sandra H. French, Ellen Flynn Giles, Janet Siddiqui, and Ann DeLacy voted for contract renewal, while Bess I. Altwerger and Cynthia L. Vaillancourt voted against a new contract. The board majority indicated that Foose met or exceeded their expectations of the superintendent. Altwerger and Vaillancourt said that they voted against renewal because Foose had damaged the public's trust in the district by failing to provide information on important district matters.[10]
Public frustration with Foose stems from allegations that the district failed to tell parents and students about mold issues at Glenwood Middle School. Critics also challenged the district's failure to provide a full version of a special education report that cost $300,000. Additional complaints cited exorbitant costs quoted by district officials to fulfill public information requests.[10][11]
Foose received backing from school system employees during the February 2016 board vote on contract renewal. The Baltimore Sun reported that dozens of staff members cheered the board's vote to keep Foose in the district through the 2019-2020 school year. Foose defended the district's approach to mold at Glenwood by highlighting a new $3 million climate control system installed at the school. She also stated that district administrators do not routinely communicate maintenance issues to parents.[10]

 Gov. Larry HoganIn October 2015, State Delegate Warren Miller (R) proposed House Bill 1105, which asks the state's public information ombudsman to review rationales given by district officials for rejecting public information requests. The bill was passed by the Maryland State Legislature and signed by Gov. Larry Hogan (R) in April 2016. Miller's legislation required a report from the ombudsman by January 1, 2017, covering a period from Foose's appointment in July 2012 to December 31, 2015.[11]
Impact on 2016 election
Three members of the board majority-Giles, Siddiqui, and DeLacy-faced eight challengers in the primary on April 26, 2016. The Baltimore Sun and the Howard County Education Association endorsed challengers Kirsten Coombs, Mavis Ellis, and Christina Delmont-Small based on their support for greater transparency by the board. Giles and DeLacy were defeated in the primary, while Siddiqui was defeated in the general election. Public criticism of Foose spanned the political spectrum during a February 2016 meeting of the Maryland Board of Public Works. Gov. Hogan and State Delegate Miller were joined in criticizing the superintendent's request for additional construction funds by State Delegate Frank Turner (D) and State Comptroller Peter Franchot (D). Hogan was quoted as saying, "There’s a palpable loss of trust between many parents and the county school system and, in particular, with the superintendent."[12] The board majority's support for Foose and greater state scrutiny on the district created conditions favorable to a board shake-up at the ballot box.





Want to see how this election related to state and national trends on this topic? Ballotpedia tracked this issue in the 2016 election cycle so you can see the connections and impact on this race in context. 

Click here for The Bite on this topic.




About the district
See also: Howard County Public Schools, Maryland
 Howard County Public Schools is located in Howard County, Md. Howard County Public Schools is based in Ellicott City, a city located in Howard County, Maryland. Howard County was home to 309,284 residents in 2014, according to the United States Census Bureau.[13] The district was the sixth-largest school district in the state in the 2013–2014 school year and served 52,806 students.[14]
Demographics
Howard County outperformed the state of Maryland in terms of higher education achievement in 2013. The United States Census Bureau found that 60.0 percent of Howard County residents aged 25 years and older had attained a bachelor's degree, compared to 36.8 percent for Maryland as a whole. The median household income in Howard County was $109,865, compared to $73,538 for the state of Maryland. The poverty rate in Howard County was 4.6 percent, compared to 9.8 percent for the entire state.[13]







 Racial Demographics, 2014[13]


 Race

 Howard County (%)

 Maryland (%)


 White 
 60.4 
 60.1


 Black or African American 
 18.6 
 30.3


 American Indian and Alaska Native 
 0.4 
 0.6


 Asian 
 16.9 
 6.4


 Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander 
 0.1 
 0.1


 Two or More Races 
 3.6 
 2.6


 Hispanic or Latino 
 6.4 
 9.3






 Party registration in Howard County, 2014[15]


 Party

 Number of registered voters


 Democratic 
 93,491


 Republican 
 56,260


 Unaffiliated 
 42,856


 Other 
 2,302


 Libertarian 
 868


 Green 
 493


 Total 
 196,270



Note: Percentages for race and ethnicity may add up to more than 100 percent because respondents may report more than one race and the Hispanic/Latino ethnicity may be selected in conjunction with any race. Read more about race and ethnicity in the Census here.

Recent news
The link below is to the most recent stories in a Google news search for the terms 'Robert Wayne Miller' 'Howard County Public Schools'. These results are automatically generated from Google. Ballotpedia does not curate or endorse these articles; they are included to provide readers with the most recent news articles on the subject. Click here to learn more about this section.


Robert Wayne Miller - Google News Feed

Loading...

See also
 Howard County Public Schools, Maryland
 Howard County Public Schools elections (2016)
External links



   

 Suggest a link

 Howard County Public Schools
 Campaign website
 Campaign Facebook profile
Footnotes


↑ 1.0 1.1 Maryland State Board of Elections, "Howard County 2016 Presidential Primary Election Local Candidates List," February 10, 2016

↑ Robert Miller for Howard County Board of Education, "Meet Robert," accessed April 15, 2016

↑ Maryland State Board of Elections, "Reporting Schedule," accessed February 10, 2016

↑ Maryland State Board of Elections, "EAffidavit Filing," accessed February 10, 2016

↑ Maryland Campaign Reporting Information System, "View Filed Reports Information," accessed October 30, 2016

↑ Maryland Campaign Reporting Information System, "View Filed Reports Information," accessed April 19, 2016

↑ Ballotpedia School Board Candidate Survey, 2016, "Robert Wayne Miller's responses," February 14, 2016

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 Note: This text is quoted verbatim from the original source. Any inconsistencies are attributed to the original source.

↑ Robert Miller for Howard County Board of Education, "Positions," accessed April 15, 2016

↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 The Baltimore Sun, "Amid criticism, Howard school board reappoints Foose as superintendent," February 4, 2016

↑ 11.0 11.1 The Baltimore Sun, "Gov. Hogan signs law to investigate Howard County school officials' public information law compliance," April 12, 2016

↑ Maryland Reporter, "Unusual bipartisan unity against Howard County school board incumbents," April 13, 2016

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 United States Census Bureau, "Howard County, Maryland," accessed June 3, 2014

↑ National Center for Education Statistics, "ELSI Table Generator," accessed November 16, 2015

↑ Maryland State Board of Elections, "Voter Registration Activity Report," March 2014



2016 Howard County Public Schools Elections
Howard County, Maryland
Election date:November 8, 2016
Candidates:At-large: Incumbent, Ann DeLacy • Incumbent, Ellen Flynn Giles • Incumbent, Janet Siddiqui • Corey Andrews • Marcelino Bedolla • Kirsten Coombs • Vicky Cutroneo • Christina Delmont-Small • Mavis Ellis • Robert Wayne Miller • Pravin Ponnuri
Important information:What was at stake? • Key deadlines • Additional elections on the ballot




v • eState of MarylandAnnapolis (capital)Ballot Measures

List of Maryland ballot measures |
Local measures |
School bond issues |
Ballot measure laws |
History of I&R |
History of direct democracy |
Campaign Finance Requirements |

Government

Maryland State Constitution |
House of Representatives |
Senate |
Department of Legislative Services |
Legislative Auditor |

State executive officers

Governor |
Lieutenant Governor |
Attorney General |
Secretary of State |
Comptroller |
Treasurer |
Superintendent of Education |
Commissioner of Insurance |
Secretary of Agriculture |
Secretary of Natural Resources |
Secretary of Labor, Licensing and Regulation |
Chairman of Public Service Commission |

School boards

Maryland State Department of Education |
Maryland school districts |

Judiciary

Maryland Court of Appeals |
Court of Special Appeals |
Circuit Courts |
District Courts |
Orphans' Courts |
Judicial selection in Maryland |

Transparency Topics

Public Information Act |
Transparency Legislation |
Open Records procedures |
Transparency Advocates |
Transparency blogs |
State budget |
Taxpayer-funded lobbying associations |

Divisions

State |
List of Counties |
List of Cities |
List of School Districts |
Evaluation of county websites |
Evaluation of city websites |
Evaluation of school district websites |





 
				Retrieved from "https://ballotpedia.org/wiki/index.php?title=Robert_Wayne_Miller&oldid=6502750"				
Categories: MarylandSchool board candidates in Maryland2016 challenger2016 United States school district candidatesMaryland school board elections, 20162016 primary (winner)2016 general election (defeated) 




























 


 This page was last modified on 10 November 2016, at 11:24.
Content is available under GNU Free Documentation License 1.2 unless otherwise noted.


Privacy policy
About Ballotpedia
Disclaimers
Mobile view
Feedback
Permalink
Log in




Ballotpedia includes 257,211 encyclopedic articles written and curated by our professional staff of editors, writers, and researchers. To contact our editorial staff, click here. To report an error, click here. For media inquiries, you can reach us here. To support our continued expansion, please contact us here.





The Tap[edit]
 Ballotpedia wants to keep you in the know. In our weekly newsletter, The Tap, we let you know the important things that happened last week, and what you should look for this week. Click here to check out this week's edition.


Executive Branch[edit]
 Executive Branch
 2016 Presidential Election
 Federal Officials
 U.S. Executive Departments
 Issues by Administration
 Issues by Topic


U.S. Congress[edit]
 Congress
 Incumbents
 115th Congress
 U.S. Senate
 U.S. House of Representatives
 Committees in Congress
 United States Congress Elections, 2018


State Executives[edit]
 State Executive Officials
 State Executive Offices
 State Trifectas
 State of the State Addresses
 Irregular Office Changes
 State Executive Official Elections, 2017


State Legislatures[edit]
 State Legislatures
 List of State Legislatures
 Who Runs the States
 Competitiveness Analysis
 State Legislative Elections, 2017
 Redistricting


Ballot Measures[edit]
 State Ballot Measures
 Ballot Measures by State
 Ballot Measures by Topic
 State Ballot Measures, 2017
 Local Ballot Measures
 Local Ballot Measures, 2017
 Recall


School Boards[edit]
 School Boards
 Largest School Districts by Enrollment
 List of School Districts
 School District Spending
 School Board Elections, 2017


Municipal Government[edit]
 Municipal Government
 100 Largest Cities by Population
 List of Current City Council Officials
 United States Municipal Elections, 2017


Elections[edit]
 Elections
 Sample Ballot Lookup
 Elected Officials Lookup
 Election Calendar
 Voting Laws by State
 Ballot Access for Candidates
 Elections by State and Year


Public Policy[edit]
 Public Policy
 Budgets
 Civil Liberties
 Education
 Elections
 Energy
 Environment
 Healthcare
 Pensions


Federal Courts[edit]
 Judicial Branch
 Federal Courts
 Supreme Court
 The Federal Vacancy Count
 Major Cases of the Supreme Court
 Nominations by President


State Courts[edit]
 State Courts
 Courts by State
 Courts by County
 Judicial Elections
 Judicial Selection
 Appointments by Governor


Influencers[edit]
 Influencers
 National Influencers
 State Influencers
 Local Influencers
 Election Influencers
 Policy Influencers
 Influencers by Type
 Influencers by Legal Type


Verbatim[edit]
 Verbatim
 Verbatim Top Stories
 Federal
 State
 Local
 About Fact-Checking


Help Pages[edit]
 Index of Contents
 Index of Help Contents
 Ballotpedia Policies
 General Disclaimer
 Report an error


Community[edit]
 How to Contribute to Ballotpedia
 Ways You Can Help
 Job Opportunities
 Partnering With Ballotpedia
 Amazon Affiliate


About/Contact[edit]
 About Ballotpedia
 Scope of Ballotpedia
 The Lucy Burns Institute
 Ballotpedia Staff
 Press and Media
 For the Media
 Contact Us
 Submit a Bio


News[edit]
 The Tap
 The Daily Brew
 The Ballotpedia News Update


 








ROBERT WAYNE MILLER Contact Info, Reviews and Feedback | Healthcare Professionals in 22003-1202 | Rehab Reviews Directory



























Rehabs
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Therapists
Interventionists
Sober Livings

Rehab Reviews
Rehab Reviews Directory
About
Get Help Now

Login
Register










Featured Reviews








 
CLARE Foundation
CLARE has the best treatment available at this price-point. If finances are truly an issue, CLARE is a no brainer.
Read More












 
Visions Adolescent Treatment
For teens in dysfunctional situations, there's no better spot than Visions, which focuses on treatment for those between the ages of 13-18.
Read More












 
Sunset Malibu
For those who are addicted but also suffering from addiction, co-occurring disorders or even eating disorders, Sunset Malibu is the spot.
Read More













Mental Health
virginia
annandale
ROBERT WAYNE ...







      ROBERT WAYNE MILLER
      


  (0 Reviews)


Write a Review

      Check Insurance
        Sponsored
 








        3340 WOODBURN RD, Annandale, VA 22003-1202
      






          7035735679
        






          7038761640
        








        Are you the owner?
Apply to edit this entry














 Info
 Services
 Location






          Contact Information for

        ROBERT WAYNE MILLER


ROBERT WAYNE MILLER offers health care services in Annandale, Virginia as a/an Psychiatric/Mental Health professional. DR. ROBERT WAYNE MILLER holds the title M.D. but may offer additional health care support, depending on their availability and your particular needs.
If you have immediate questions, inquiries, or medical needs relating directly to ROBERT WAYNE MILLER you may reach out to them at their Annandale location in Virginia at 7035735679. It is best to go through the Annandale contact information listed here, rather than approaching ROBERT WAYNE MILLER through personal contact information.
To find out if ROBERT WAYNE MILLER is a good fit for your health care needs, contact them directly at their office, located near the 22003-1202 area.
Contacting ROBERT WAYNE MILLER via telephone, before traveling to their Annandale location is generally a choice.


          ROBERT WAYNE MILLER Reviews

Rehab Reviews is always looking for more first-hand ROBERT WAYNE MILLER reviews from clients, patients, or staff who lived in or visited their sober living environment. If you’re a existing or previous patron of ROBERT WAYNE MILLER or are familiar with someone who stayed with them in the Annandale region, we would love it if you shared your experiences below, so others seeking care with them can make better, more informed choices.
We understand if you feel compelled to use colorful language (health care is a messy business!) but we can’t allow anyone to threaten bodily injury, write hate speech, and/or include racist words meant to denigrate or offend on the basis of belonging to a particular group, religion, ethnicity, or race.
Try to be kind.
If you can avoid it, we would prefer you not disclose personally identifiable information or data about ROBERT WAYNE MILLER or their recent or current clients.
Also, we can’t allow you to beg, borrow, or steal content from someone else’s review of ROBERT WAYNE MILLER and publish it here.
Rehab Reviews urges factual reviews from actual interventionist experiences.  We want this page to be useful for future clients or their family members, not jam-packed with promotional or commercial material for ROBERT WAYNE MILLER.
We withhold the right to remove comments or review that we suspect to be self-promotional.
If you are a representative of ROBERT WAYNE MILLER, you may contact us to resolve disputed or factual untrue information, but please don’t write promotional content about your own place of business.
If you are a client of ROBERT WAYNE MILLER and have information that can help improve the quality of the data or information on this page, you can contact us directly.
If you have ideas to share on how we can improve our directory pages, you may also contact us.


Services Offered



Psychiatric/Mental Health

















ROBERT WAYNE MILLER

              3340 WOODBURN RD

              Annandale, VA 22003-1202
              (map)
            
7035735679 







Nearby Mental Health







 

LARRY HOWARD PASTOR
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

ROCHELLE P JACKSON
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

MIMI KHINE
Read More
  (0 Reviews)











 

SUSAN DIANE CAMPBELL
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

JOHN RAYMOND ROGERS
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

REBECCA HIGGS
Read More
  (0 Reviews)







+ Add Review
Reviews

This listing has not yet been reviewed. Click here to add a review.
        




Featured Listings






 
Soul of Healing Inc US Non
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Serenity Acres Treatment
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Pure Recovery California
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Discovery Place
Read More
  (0 Reviews)






Free Insurance Benefits Check





AdLegal Stuff - This free insurance benefits check is a service performed by advertising sponsor Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned rehabilitation service providers. By inputting your information, you consent to your information being transmitted to Service Industries, Inc., so that one of its representatives may contact you to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment.


Seeking Help For *
- Select -SelfLoved one


Insurance Company Name *



Insurance type *
- Select -MedicareMedi-CalHMOPPOTRICAREOTHERI Don't Have Insurance



First Name *



Last Name *




Your Email *



Best time to call 



Your Phone Number *



Submit Information





Find Addiction Help Near You








Rehabs
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Therapists


Search Addiction Help
















Miller Robert Wayne Janet Ruth in Arnold, MO 63010 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Missouri
» Arnold
» Professional Services
» Miller Robert Wayne Janet Ruth













Miller Robert Wayne Janet Ruth


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1017 Caleb Dr  Arnold, Missouri 63010


(636) 287-9664


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Miller Robert Wayne Janet Ruth is located at the address 1017 Caleb Dr in Arnold, Missouri 63010.  They can be contacted via phone at (636) 287-9664 for pricing, hours and directions.  Miller Robert Wayne Janet Ruth has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For maps and directions to Miller Robert Wayne Janet Ruth view the map to the right.  For reviews of Miller Robert Wayne Janet Ruth see below.










Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (636) 287-9664
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 46000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Professional Services



People Also Viewed


David M Streb


515 Potomac Dr Apt C  Arnold, Missouri 63010




Keith Coleman


4160 Summerwood Dr  Arnold, Missouri 63010




Rena-murals


1161 New Towne Rd  Arnold, Missouri 63010




Ferguson Contg & Design Llc


1551 Genevieve Dr  Arnold, Missouri 63010




Heartland Payment Systems, Inc


3213 5 Oaks Dr  Arnold, Missouri 63010




Njvc Llc


111 Manufacturers Dr  Arnold, Missouri 63010





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM














Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Robert Wayne - Shop online for Robert Wayne men's clothing brand | Men's Wearhouse
















































































































































Quick View Content































This item has been successfully added to your list.














Continue Shopping
































		Please upgrade your browser. Our site may not work properly for the browser you're using. View list of supported devices/browsers
×








































Free Standard Shipping on orders $99+









Free Ground Shipping on $99+  |  Free Returns 





Today Only: $39.99 Select Designer Jeans  |  Shop Now





























Close
  


 
 

There are many benefits to becoming a Perfect Fit Member:

Get at $50 Reward for Every $500 You Spend
$30 off select tuxedo/suit rentals
A Special Birthday Offer
Advance Notice of Sales and Special Events
Free ground shipping (no minimum) on all online orders

































Close
  



















Close



					This text should be replaced in js.
			    

























 





































MENU















0






Item Added

					View Shopping Bag »
				





Men's Wearhouse
















 


















































Sign In
Email Address

Password





Sign In
Create Account











Forgot Password?
Need Help?Contact Us &raquo

Privacy & Security Policy




Create an Account

Make shopping quick and easy.

Be the first to hear about exclusive deals and promotions
Fast, simple checkout process
Track orders
Save products


Are you a Perfect Fit Member?Please create an account in order to get points on your purchases, see online order history and more.
Create Account

Privacy & Security Policy


Close







✕

International Shipping to Over 150 Countries!

20 USD FLAT-RATE SHIPPING on orders over 175 USD



STEP 1: Select your shipping destination

United States
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
CuraÃ§ao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
CÃ´te d'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
RÃ©union
Saint BarthÃ©lemy
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




STEP 2: Select your preferred currency


Australian Dollar
Bahamian Dollar
Bahraini Dinar
Balboa
Barbados Dollar
Belize Dollar
Boliviano
Bosnian Convertible Mark
British Pound
Bulgarian Lev
CFA Franc BCEAO
CFA Franc BEAC
Canadian Dollar
Cayman Islands Dollar
Chilean Peso
Colombian Peso
Cordoba Oro
Costa Rican Colon
Croatian Kuna
Czech Koruna
Danish Krone
Dominican Peso
Egyptian Pound
Euro
Guarani
Hong Kong Dollar
Hungarian Forint
Indian Rupee
Indonesian Rupiah
Israeli Shekel
Jamaican Dollar
Japanese Yen
Jordanian Dinar
Korean Won
Kuwaiti Dinar
Lebanese Pound
Lempira
Lilangeni
Malayan Ringgit
Mexican Peso
Moroccan Dirham
Namibia Dollar
Nepalese Rupee
Netherlands Antillan Guilder
New Romanian Leu
New Zealand Dollar
Norwegian Krone
Omani Rial
Pakistan Rupee
Peruvian Nuevo Sol
Philippine Peso
Polish Zloty
Qatari Riyal
Quetzal
Riel
Rufiyaa
Russian Ruble
Saudi Riyal
Singapore Dollar
South African Rand
Sri Lanka Rupee
Swedish Krona
Swiss Franc
Taiwan Dollar
Taka
Tenge
Thai Baht
Turkish Lira
US Dollar
Ukraine Hryvnia
United Arab Emirates Dirham
Uruguay New Peso
Yuan Renminbi




Proceed as U.S. Customer
Update Country & Currency





                            To learn more about international shipping, please visit our International Orders page.
                        















				Home

•




				Brands

•




you are currently here: 
				Robert Wayne
				
				














Refine your results
Clear all



Filter by


Sort by:
Buyers' Picks







View results




Toe Style, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Toe Style Filters





View All





Bicycle (1)





Cap (1)





Medallion (2)














Toe Shape, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Toe Shape Filters





View All





Rounded (3)





Square (1)














Type, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Type Filters





View All





Boots (1)





Dress Shoes (3)














Sole Material, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Sole Material Filters





View All





Rubber (2)














Material Detail, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Material Detail Filters





View All





Broguing (3)














Features, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Features Filters





View All





Comfort Insole (3)





Comfort Insoles (1)














Material, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Material Filters





View All





Leather (4)















Size , press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Size Filters





View All (US sizes displayed)
Edit Saved Sizes



Shoe Size




B3
(0)


B3.5
(0)


B4
(0)


B4.5
(0)


B5
(0)


B6
(0)




6
(0)


6.5
(0)


7
(0)


7.5
(0)





8
(1)






8.5
(4)








9
(4)






9.5
(4)






10
(4)






10.5
(4)






11
(4)






11.5
(4)








12
(4)






13
(4)



14
(0)


15
(0)


16
(0)


17
(0)




18
(0)


19
(0)


20
(0)








Shoe Width




A
(0)


B
(0)


C
(0)







D
(4)



E
(0)


EE
(0)




3E
(0)


4E
(0)


5E
(0)














Save Sizes






Price, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Price Filters





View All





$50 - $100 (4)
















				Color / Pattern
				, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options

Selected Color or Pattern Filters





View All









												Brown
												(4)








Solid (4)
















Brand, press up or down arrows on your keyboard, to navigate through filter options
Selected Brand Filters





View All





Robert Wayne (4)












Apply filters



Sort By: 

Buyers' Picks
New Arrivals
Rating
Price: Low-High
Price: High-Low
Best Sellers







						4
					 Results
					
List
Grid



Sorry
Message here..
Close









































										{	quickViewId: {
												qv_cm_page_id: "Quick View: Robert Wayne Colorado Brown Cap Toe Dress Shoes", 
												searchTerm: "", 
												storeId: "12751", 
												partNumber: "TMW_40LZ_03", 
												productName: "Robert Wayne Colorado Brown Cap Toe Dress Shoes",
												isBTSpecialSize: "false"	
											}
										}
									

Quick View
										





										Robert Wayne Colorado Brown Cap Toe Dress Shoes
									




&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;
&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;

														4.0 of 5 stars. Read reviews.
													









Old price is 
											$99
											99
, Discount price is 

 
											if (!international.USModeOn) {
												try{
													var price = international.getInternationaPrice("$99.99",'GRID');
													document.getElementById("oldPrice_700655755").innerHTML = price;
												}catch(e){
													console.error('error in updating');
												}
											}
										

$59.99
 
												if (!international.USModeOn) {
													try{
														var price = international.getInternationaPrice("$59.99",'GRID');
														document.getElementById("offerPrice_700655755").innerHTML = price;
													}catch(e){
														console.error('error in updating');
													}												
												}
											
Clearance














		{	
		"name": "Robert Wayne Colorado Brown Cap Toe Dress Shoes",		
		"stock": "",
		"url": "http://www.menswearhouse.com/mens-shoes/mens-dress-shoes/robert-wayne-colorado-brown-cap-toe-dress-shoes-40LZ03",
		"id": "TMW_40LZ_03",
		"price": "$59.99",
		"unit_price": "$99.99",
		"brand": "Robert Wayne",
		"category": "Shoes\/Dress Shoes",
		"dimension11": "",
		"dimension37": "clearance"
		}
	

Shoes/Dress Shoes


			Description:

				Crafted from genuine buffalo leather, these fine dress shoes feature a lightly distressed finish, cap toe, and cushioned insole.Genuine buffalo leather.Cap toe.Lace up.Cushioned insole.Man-made outsole.Imported
	    	

















										{	quickViewId: {
												qv_cm_page_id: "Quick View: Robert Wayne Telford Brown Slip-On Boots", 
												searchTerm: "", 
												storeId: "12751", 
												partNumber: "TMW_40DN_03", 
												productName: "Robert Wayne Telford Brown Slip-On Boots",
												isBTSpecialSize: "false"	
											}
										}
									

Quick View
										





										Robert Wayne Telford Brown Slip-On Boots
									




&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;
&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;

														3.8 of 5 stars. Read reviews.
													









Old price is 
											$175
											00
, Discount price is 

 
											if (!international.USModeOn) {
												try{
													var price = international.getInternationaPrice("$175.00",'GRID');
													document.getElementById("oldPrice_700594039").innerHTML = price;
												}catch(e){
													console.error('error in updating');
												}
											}
										

$99.99
 
												if (!international.USModeOn) {
													try{
														var price = international.getInternationaPrice("$99.99",'GRID');
														document.getElementById("offerPrice_700594039").innerHTML = price;
													}catch(e){
														console.error('error in updating');
													}												
												}
											
Clearance














		{	
		"name": "Robert Wayne Telford Brown Slip-On Boots",		
		"stock": "",
		"url": "http://www.menswearhouse.com/mens-shoes/mens-boots/robert-wayne-telford-brown-slip-on-boots-40DN03",
		"id": "TMW_40DN_03",
		"price": "$99.99",
		"unit_price": "$175.00",
		"brand": "Robert Wayne",
		"category": "Shoes\/Boots",
		"dimension11": "",
		"dimension37": "clearance"
		}
	

Shoes/Boots


			Description:

				These fine Robert Wayne boots are crafted from 100% buffalo leather, and feature simple western styling that pairs with many casual looks.Buffalo leather upper.Square toe.Slip on.Leather lining.Firm, light cushioning.Rubber outsole.Imported
	    	

















										{	quickViewId: {
												qv_cm_page_id: "Quick View: Robert Wayne Utah Brown Lace Up Dress Shoes", 
												searchTerm: "", 
												storeId: "12751", 
												partNumber: "TMW_40KE_03", 
												productName: "Robert Wayne Utah Brown Lace Up Dress Shoes",
												isBTSpecialSize: "false"	
											}
										}
									

Quick View
										





										Robert Wayne Utah Brown Lace Up Dress Shoes
									









Old price is 
											$99
											99
, Discount price is 

 
											if (!international.USModeOn) {
												try{
													var price = international.getInternationaPrice("$99.99",'GRID');
													document.getElementById("oldPrice_700640914").innerHTML = price;
												}catch(e){
													console.error('error in updating');
												}
											}
										

$59.99
 
												if (!international.USModeOn) {
													try{
														var price = international.getInternationaPrice("$59.99",'GRID');
														document.getElementById("offerPrice_700640914").innerHTML = price;
													}catch(e){
														console.error('error in updating');
													}												
												}
											
Clearance














		{	
		"name": "Robert Wayne Utah Brown Lace Up Dress Shoes",		
		"stock": "",
		"url": "http://www.menswearhouse.com/mens-shoes/mens-dress-shoes/robert-wayne-utah-brown-lace-up-dress-shoes-40KE03",
		"id": "TMW_40KE_03",
		"price": "$59.99",
		"unit_price": "$99.99",
		"brand": "Robert Wayne",
		"category": "Shoes\/Dress Shoes",
		"dimension11": "",
		"dimension37": "clearance"
		}
	

Shoes/Dress Shoes


			Description:

				Featuring genuine buffalo leather, these fine dress shoes have rounded toes with brogueing details, a lace-up closure, and lightly cushioned insoles for all-day comfort.Genuine buffalo leather.Rounded toes.Lace-up.Cushioned insoles.Man-made outsoles.Imported
	    	

















										{	quickViewId: {
												qv_cm_page_id: "Quick View: Robert Wayne Montana Brown Monk Strap Dress Shoes", 
												searchTerm: "", 
												storeId: "12751", 
												partNumber: "TMW_40KF_03", 
												productName: "Robert Wayne Montana Brown Monk Strap Dress Shoes",
												isBTSpecialSize: "false"	
											}
										}
									

Quick View
										





										Robert Wayne Montana Brown Monk Strap Dress Shoes
									




&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;
&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf;

														4.0 of 5 stars. Read reviews.
													









Old price is 
											$99
											99
, Discount price is 

 
											if (!international.USModeOn) {
												try{
													var price = international.getInternationaPrice("$99.99",'GRID');
													document.getElementById("oldPrice_700640915").innerHTML = price;
												}catch(e){
													console.error('error in updating');
												}
											}
										

$59.99
 
												if (!international.USModeOn) {
													try{
														var price = international.getInternationaPrice("$59.99",'GRID');
														document.getElementById("offerPrice_700640915").innerHTML = price;
													}catch(e){
														console.error('error in updating');
													}												
												}
											
Clearance














		{	
		"name": "Robert Wayne Montana Brown Monk Strap Dress Shoes",		
		"stock": "",
		"url": "http://www.menswearhouse.com/mens-shoes/mens-dress-shoes/robert-wayne-montana-brown-monk-strap-dress-shoes-40KF03",
		"id": "TMW_40KF_03",
		"price": "$59.99",
		"unit_price": "$99.99",
		"brand": "Robert Wayne",
		"category": "Shoes\/Dress Shoes",
		"dimension11": "",
		"dimension37": "clearance"
		}
	

Shoes/Dress Shoes


			Description:

				Featuring lightly distressed buffalo leather uppers, these classic monk strap dress shoes have brogued details at the toe and sides, a rounded toe, and a comfortable cushioned insole.Buffalo leather.Rounded toe.Monk strap.Cushioned insole.Man-made outsole.Imported
	    	






Load More
























Related Products




Florsheim Paladino Brown Monk Strap Dress Shoes


These classic dress shoes feature ...


Quickview






Florsheim Rolan Black Boys Bike Toe Loafers


Dress your young gentleman for ...


Quickview






Joseph Abboud Eastman Brown Lace-Up Shoes


These leather lace-ups are both ...


Quickview






Kenneth Cole Mix-Er Tan Oxford Dress Shoes


Simply stylish with a smooth ...


Quickview










Florsheim Paladino Brown Monk Strap Dress Shoes


Description:
These classic dress shoes feature
a double monk strap closure over the vamp a smooth polished upper and a tapered cap toe. A cushioned insole gives them lasting comfort for hours of special occasion or professional wear.


View Product


Close











Florsheim Rolan Black Boys Bike Toe Loafers


Description:
Dress your young gentleman for
his next special occasion with these leather lined Oxfords. they feature a soft cushioned insole for hours of comfortable wear.


View Product


Close











Joseph Abboud Eastman Brown Lace-Up Shoes


Description:
These leather lace-ups are both
study and stylish with perforated detailing and a durable outsole. Ideal for dress-casual attire the cushioned footbed ensures an easy-going footwear experience.


View Product


Close











Kenneth Cole Mix-Er Tan Oxford Dress Shoes


Description:
Simply stylish with a smooth
plain leather upper these lace-up dress shoes by Kenneth Cole are a great addition to your look. Elastic gussets on the vamp and a lightly cushioned insole add to the comfort and fit of ...


View Product


Close












Related Searches


oxford mens dress shoes


calvin klein brown loafers


leather monk strap shoes


johnston murphy shoes


tan dress shoes


kenneth cole dress shoes












›














 









Close

Share With A Pal
Sign into your email account to send this page to a friend:





Gmail



Yahoo





AOL



Hotmail





Outlook or Apple Mail
or other default program
















Check Domestic Order Status






Check Status

or Login





Track International Order
To track an international order placed through our international checkout provided by Borderfree, please use our International Order Tracking feature. Tracking information is available once your package leaves the U.S. hub (usually within 7 business days).
Track Your International Order

Close




$199.99 SUIT SALE:
 Select styles only. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes and vested suits. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer valid 07/26/17-07/30/17.
  



EXTRA 30% OFF SHOES:
  Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Offer valid 07/13/17-07/16/17.
  





EXTRA 40% OFF CLEARANCE:
    Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Offer valid 07/13/17-07/16/17.


LIMITED DEAL: Select styles only. Limited deals may not be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer valid 07/11/17-07/12/17.
   



   Email: communitygiving@tailoredbrands.com



*General restrictions applicable to all offers : subject to availability. Selection varies by store. You must enter your code online at check out, or present this coupon at a Men’s Wearhouse or Men’s Wearhouse and Tux store to receive 50% Off the regular price of retail items. Coupon may be used only once and must be surrendered at the time of purchase. Valid for new purchases only. Discount may not be applied to Exceptional Value Items, custom clothing, shoes, clearance layaway, or gift cards or TwinHill catalog merchandise. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers. Coupon is not redeemable for cash or credit and may not be applied toward payment of PerfectFit credit card account balances. Customers returning item purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men’s Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. PerfectFit points are earned only on amounts expended by you in connection with the purchase and deducted for any returns. Expires 8.31.17.
   


EXTRA 40%-60% OFF CLEARANCE: Select styles/categories only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   


BUY 1 GET 2 FREE DRESS & LINEN PANTS: Select styles only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second and third like item of equal or lesser value for free. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

$149.99 LINEN SUIT SEPARATES: Applies to Suit Separates Coat style TMW_30AA_30AC_05 & Suit Separates Pants style TMW_30AF_30AH_05. Linen Vest sold separately and can not be added to the $149.99 Suit Separates pricing. Customer may purchase one (1)suit separates coat, and one (1) suit separates pants for a total of $149.99. Excludes Exceptional Value items and clearance. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes and suit separates vests. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

$29.99 LINEN SUIT SEPERATES VEST: Applies to suit separate vest style TMW_30AD_30AE_05. Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes and vested suits. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

$29.99 DESIGNER DRESS SHIRTS: Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   


LIMITED DEAL! EXTRA 40% OFF CLEARANCE SUITS: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Offer valid 07/11/17-07/12/17
   

EXTRA 50% OFF CLEARANCE: Select styles. Includes clearance sport coats, clearance dress shirts, clearance shoes and clearance ties & accessories. Excludes clearance pants & jeans, clearance casual wear, and clearance suits. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

EXTRA 60% OFF CLEARANCE CASUAL SHIRTS AND CASUAL WEAR: Select styles. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

$29.99 CLEARANCE BUFFALO JEANS: Select styles only. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST."
   


60%  OFF BOYS SUITS SEPARATES: Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Excludes Clearance. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   


BUY 1 GET 1 SUIT FOR $150 OR 1 SPORT COAT FOR $100: Select items only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second Suit of equal or lesser value for $150 or Sport Coat of equal or lesser value for $100. Excludes Exceptional Value products, clearance and boys styles must be of equal or lesser value. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items, the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase
   

CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price. Price reflects discount.
   


Offer valid on new wedding bookings. With 5 paid Tuxedo Rental Packages (which at a minimum must include coat, pants, shirt, rental or retail tie, cummerbund and rental jewelry) or Suit Rental Packages (which at a minimum must include coat, pants, shirt and vest), choose between (1) retail offer of a $400 shopping credit toward the regular price of items in a single retail purchase except shoes, Exceptional Value, Tommy John undergarments and custom items; OR (2) rental offer of one free Rental Package with a maximum value of $239.99. With 10 paid Rental Packages, select an additional free Rental Package. Fees, taxes and additional/upgraded and/or retail items cost extra on Rental Packages. The couple must select retail or rental offer at time of new booking, which selection is final. Any unused portion of the credit shall be forfeited and may not be redeemed for cash or credit or on alterations, rental products, engraved gifts or gift cards. If returning items purchased with the retail offer, you will forfeit the amount of the coupon applied to those items; the Men’s Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Offer is subject to change or discontinuation without notice. Offer does not apply to Joseph & Feiss boys' suit rentals. Offer may not be combined with other discounts or offers, may not be redeemed for cash or credit; and is not redeemable online. For complete details, see store or menswearhouse.com/tuxrentalterms. Other restrictions apply.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 SUIT FOR $150 OR 1 SPORT COAT FOR $100: Select items only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second Suit of equal or lesser value for $150 or Sport Coat of equal or lesser value for $100. Excludes Exceptional Value products, clearance and $199.99 Prom Package items. Second item excludes Joseph Abboud suits and must be of equal or lesser value, except when purchasing a Joseph Abboud suit at regular price $695, then you may receive a second Joseph Abboud suit for 50% off the regular price. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   

30% OFF CALVIN KLEIN SHOES: Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Price reflects discount. Excludes Clearance. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers.
   

CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price. Price reflects discount.
   



EXTRA 
   40% OFF CLEARANCE:   You must enter in your online code "EXTRA40" at checkout to receive extra 40% off select clearance styles (before tax and shipping). Valid for new purchases only. Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Valid 06/30/17 through 07/03/17 at 9:59pm CST.
   



Extra 50% Off Clearance: Select styles only. Excludes shoes. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Offer valid 05/04/17-05/07/17.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 FREE: Select styles/categories. Buy one item at its regular retail price, get a second like item of equal or lesser value for free and receive the third or more like item of equal or lesser value at 50% off the original price. Excludes Exceptional Value Items, clearance, and select boys styles. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable at Men's Wearhouse outlet locations, or for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Offer valid 07/26/17-07/30/17.
   



   All offers are subject to availability. Selection varies by store. These offers are valid for new purchases only. Discounts may not be applied to gift center purchases/engraveables, Exceptional Value and custom items, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, alterations or toward the purchase of gift cards. Deals cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items. The Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Refer to casual sweepstakes for more details.
   



$199.99 PROM PACKAGE: Select styles only. Customer may purchase one (1) Suit, one (1) Dress Shirt, and (1) Tie from the Prom Package selection, for a total of $199.99. Excludes Exceptional Value items and clearance. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer valid 3/20/17-6/18/17.
   



$119 CALVIN KLEIN TUX RENTAL: All offers are subject to availability. Selection varies by store. Offer only applies to Calvin Klein 1865, 1870 rental packages. These offers are valid for new purchases only. Discounts may not be applied to engraved gift purchases, Exceptional Value and custom items, or the fees and taxes associated thereto, alterations or toward the purchase of gift cards. Deals cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items. The Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   



$279.99 Designer Suits: Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes and vested suits. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer valid 3/9/17-3/12/17.
   



LIMITED DEAL! EXTRA 50% OFF CLEARANCE SPORTSWEAR: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 FREE: Select styles/categories only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second like item of equal or lesser value for free. Excludes Exceptional Value Items and clearance. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable at Men's Wearhouse outlet locations, or for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Offer valid 3/9/17-3/12/17.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 SUIT FOR $150 OR 1 SPORT COAT FOR $100: Select items only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second Suit of equal or lesser value for $150 or Sport Coat of equal or lesser value for $100. Excludes Exceptional Value products, clearance and $199.99 Prom Package items. Second item must be of equal or lesser value. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   

$99.99 CALVIN KLEIN & COLE HANN SHOES:
    Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts.
   

CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price. Price reflects discount.
   



60% OFF SWEATERS:  Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Price reflects discount.  Excludes Clearance. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers. 
   



$99.99 COLE HAAN SHOES: Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts.
   



CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price. Price reflects discount.
   






60% OFF SWEATERS Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Excludes Clearance. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers.
   



25% OFF COLD WEATHER ACCESSORIES: Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Excludes Exceptional Value. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers.
   



CLEARANCE:
    Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price.
   



$25,000 Sweepstakes: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY to enter or win; purchase does not improve chances of winning. Open to legal U.S. residents (excluding Puerto Rico and U.S. territories) 18 years or older. Sweepstakes runs 1/1/2017 through 2/28/2017. Prize is a check for $25,000. Void where prohibited. See Official Rules in store and at menswearhouse.com/dreamwedding for complete details and alternative means of entry.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 SUIT FOR $150 OR 1 SPORT COAT FOR $100: Select items only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second Suit of equal or lesser value for $150 or Sport Coat of equal or lesser value for $100. Excludes Exceptional Value products and Clearance. Second item must be of equal or lesser value. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   






   All offers are subject to availability. Selection varies by store. These offers are valid for new purchases only. Discounts may not be applied to gift center purchases/engraveables, Exceptional Value and custom items, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, alterations or toward the purchase of gift cards. Deals cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items. The Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   



24 HOUR DEAL: Select styles only. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes. 24 hour deals may not be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer Valid through 11:59pm CST.
   



24 HOUR DEAL: Select styles only. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes. 24 hour deals may not be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer Valid through 09:59pm CST.
   



CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price.
   



PROMOTIONS DAILY DEAL: Select styles only. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes. 24 hour deals may not be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer Valid through 11:59pm CST.
   



Bonus Bucks: Make a purchase in-store or online between 5/25/2017 and 6/18/2017 to receive a Bonus Buck for $30 off a purchase of $100 or more (before taxes and shipping, if applicable) that is valid from 6/19/2017-7/4/2017. Purchases of gift cards, international orders, alterations or tuxedo rentals do not qualify for a Bonus Buck. One coupon per transaction. No minimum purchase required to receive a Bonus Buck. Bonus Buck may not be used on gift center purchases/engraveables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. See Bonus Buck for restrictions and details.
   


All offers are subject to availability. Selection varies by store. Offer only applies to Calvin Klein 1865, 1870 rental packages. These offers are valid for new purchases only. Discounts may not be applied to engraved gift purchases, Exceptional Value and custom items, or the fees and taxes associated thereto, alterations or toward the purchase of gift cards. Deals cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items. The Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.




































Big and Tall Men's Clothing - Big and Tall Suits, Dress Shirts & More



















































































































































Quick View Content































This item has been successfully added to your list.














Continue Shopping
































		Please upgrade your browser. Our site may not work properly for the browser you're using. View list of supported devices/browsers
×








































Free Standard Shipping on orders $99+









Free Ground Shipping on $99+  |  Free Returns 





Today Only: $39.99 Select Designer Jeans  |  Shop Now





























Close
  


 
 

There are many benefits to becoming a Perfect Fit Member:

Get at $50 Reward for Every $500 You Spend
$30 off select tuxedo/suit rentals
A Special Birthday Offer
Advance Notice of Sales and Special Events
Free ground shipping (no minimum) on all online orders

































Close
  



















Close



					This text should be replaced in js.
			    

























 





































MENU















0






Item Added

					View Shopping Bag »
				





Men's Wearhouse
















 


















































Sign In
Email Address

Password





Sign In
Create Account











Forgot Password?
Need Help?Contact Us &raquo

Privacy & Security Policy




Create an Account

Make shopping quick and easy.

Be the first to hear about exclusive deals and promotions
Fast, simple checkout process
Track orders
Save products


Are you a Perfect Fit Member?Please create an account in order to get points on your purchases, see online order history and more.
Create Account

Privacy & Security Policy


Close







✕

International Shipping to Over 150 Countries!

20 USD FLAT-RATE SHIPPING on orders over 175 USD



STEP 1: Select your shipping destination

United States
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
CuraÃ§ao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
CÃ´te d'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
RÃ©union
Saint BarthÃ©lemy
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




STEP 2: Select your preferred currency


Australian Dollar
Bahamian Dollar
Bahraini Dinar
Balboa
Barbados Dollar
Belize Dollar
Boliviano
Bosnian Convertible Mark
British Pound
Bulgarian Lev
CFA Franc BCEAO
CFA Franc BEAC
Canadian Dollar
Cayman Islands Dollar
Chilean Peso
Colombian Peso
Cordoba Oro
Costa Rican Colon
Croatian Kuna
Czech Koruna
Danish Krone
Dominican Peso
Egyptian Pound
Euro
Guarani
Hong Kong Dollar
Hungarian Forint
Indian Rupee
Indonesian Rupiah
Israeli Shekel
Jamaican Dollar
Japanese Yen
Jordanian Dinar
Korean Won
Kuwaiti Dinar
Lebanese Pound
Lempira
Lilangeni
Malayan Ringgit
Mexican Peso
Moroccan Dirham
Namibia Dollar
Nepalese Rupee
Netherlands Antillan Guilder
New Romanian Leu
New Zealand Dollar
Norwegian Krone
Omani Rial
Pakistan Rupee
Peruvian Nuevo Sol
Philippine Peso
Polish Zloty
Qatari Riyal
Quetzal
Riel
Rufiyaa
Russian Ruble
Saudi Riyal
Singapore Dollar
South African Rand
Sri Lanka Rupee
Swedish Krona
Swiss Franc
Taiwan Dollar
Taka
Tenge
Thai Baht
Turkish Lira
US Dollar
Ukraine Hryvnia
United Arab Emirates Dirham
Uruguay New Peso
Yuan Renminbi




Proceed as U.S. Customer
Update Country & Currency





                            To learn more about international shipping, please visit our International Orders page.
                        































SUITS AND SPORTCOATS
DRESS SHIRTS
SHOES
TIES

















SHOP CASUAL LOOKS


SHOP SPORT COATS














SHOP POCKET SILKS














SHOP CASUAL SHIRTS















































































































































 









Close

Share With A Pal
Sign into your email account to send this page to a friend:





Gmail



Yahoo





AOL



Hotmail





Outlook or Apple Mail
or other default program
















Check Domestic Order Status






Check Status

or Login





Track International Order
To track an international order placed through our international checkout provided by Borderfree, please use our International Order Tracking feature. Tracking information is available once your package leaves the U.S. hub (usually within 7 business days).
Track Your International Order

Close




$199.99 SUIT SALE:
 Select styles only. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes and vested suits. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer valid 07/26/17-07/30/17.
  



EXTRA 30% OFF SHOES:
  Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Offer valid 07/13/17-07/16/17.
  





EXTRA 40% OFF CLEARANCE:
    Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Offer valid 07/13/17-07/16/17.


LIMITED DEAL: Select styles only. Limited deals may not be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer valid 07/11/17-07/12/17.
   



   Email: communitygiving@tailoredbrands.com



*General restrictions applicable to all offers : subject to availability. Selection varies by store. You must enter your code online at check out, or present this coupon at a Men’s Wearhouse or Men’s Wearhouse and Tux store to receive 50% Off the regular price of retail items. Coupon may be used only once and must be surrendered at the time of purchase. Valid for new purchases only. Discount may not be applied to Exceptional Value Items, custom clothing, shoes, clearance layaway, or gift cards or TwinHill catalog merchandise. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers. Coupon is not redeemable for cash or credit and may not be applied toward payment of PerfectFit credit card account balances. Customers returning item purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men’s Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. PerfectFit points are earned only on amounts expended by you in connection with the purchase and deducted for any returns. Expires 8.31.17.
   


EXTRA 40%-60% OFF CLEARANCE: Select styles/categories only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   


BUY 1 GET 2 FREE DRESS & LINEN PANTS: Select styles only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second and third like item of equal or lesser value for free. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

$149.99 LINEN SUIT SEPARATES: Applies to Suit Separates Coat style TMW_30AA_30AC_05 & Suit Separates Pants style TMW_30AF_30AH_05. Linen Vest sold separately and can not be added to the $149.99 Suit Separates pricing. Customer may purchase one (1)suit separates coat, and one (1) suit separates pants for a total of $149.99. Excludes Exceptional Value items and clearance. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes and suit separates vests. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

$29.99 LINEN SUIT SEPERATES VEST: Applies to suit separate vest style TMW_30AD_30AE_05. Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes and vested suits. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

$29.99 DESIGNER DRESS SHIRTS: Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   


LIMITED DEAL! EXTRA 40% OFF CLEARANCE SUITS: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Offer valid 07/11/17-07/12/17
   

EXTRA 50% OFF CLEARANCE: Select styles. Includes clearance sport coats, clearance dress shirts, clearance shoes and clearance ties & accessories. Excludes clearance pants & jeans, clearance casual wear, and clearance suits. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

EXTRA 60% OFF CLEARANCE CASUAL SHIRTS AND CASUAL WEAR: Select styles. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   

$29.99 CLEARANCE BUFFALO JEANS: Select styles only. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST."
   


60%  OFF BOYS SUITS SEPARATES: Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Excludes Clearance. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers. Valid 07/11/17 at 11:00pm CST through 07/12/17 at 8:00am CST.
   


BUY 1 GET 1 SUIT FOR $150 OR 1 SPORT COAT FOR $100: Select items only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second Suit of equal or lesser value for $150 or Sport Coat of equal or lesser value for $100. Excludes Exceptional Value products, clearance and boys styles must be of equal or lesser value. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items, the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase
   

CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price. Price reflects discount.
   


Offer valid on new wedding bookings. With 5 paid Tuxedo Rental Packages (which at a minimum must include coat, pants, shirt, rental or retail tie, cummerbund and rental jewelry) or Suit Rental Packages (which at a minimum must include coat, pants, shirt and vest), choose between (1) retail offer of a $400 shopping credit toward the regular price of items in a single retail purchase except shoes, Exceptional Value, Tommy John undergarments and custom items; OR (2) rental offer of one free Rental Package with a maximum value of $239.99. With 10 paid Rental Packages, select an additional free Rental Package. Fees, taxes and additional/upgraded and/or retail items cost extra on Rental Packages. The couple must select retail or rental offer at time of new booking, which selection is final. Any unused portion of the credit shall be forfeited and may not be redeemed for cash or credit or on alterations, rental products, engraved gifts or gift cards. If returning items purchased with the retail offer, you will forfeit the amount of the coupon applied to those items; the Men’s Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Offer is subject to change or discontinuation without notice. Offer does not apply to Joseph & Feiss boys' suit rentals. Offer may not be combined with other discounts or offers, may not be redeemed for cash or credit; and is not redeemable online. For complete details, see store or menswearhouse.com/tuxrentalterms. Other restrictions apply.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 SUIT FOR $150 OR 1 SPORT COAT FOR $100: Select items only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second Suit of equal or lesser value for $150 or Sport Coat of equal or lesser value for $100. Excludes Exceptional Value products, clearance and $199.99 Prom Package items. Second item excludes Joseph Abboud suits and must be of equal or lesser value, except when purchasing a Joseph Abboud suit at regular price $695, then you may receive a second Joseph Abboud suit for 50% off the regular price. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   

30% OFF CALVIN KLEIN SHOES: Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Price reflects discount. Excludes Clearance. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers.
   

CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price. Price reflects discount.
   



EXTRA 
   40% OFF CLEARANCE:   You must enter in your online code "EXTRA40" at checkout to receive extra 40% off select clearance styles (before tax and shipping). Valid for new purchases only. Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Valid 06/30/17 through 07/03/17 at 9:59pm CST.
   



Extra 50% Off Clearance: Select styles only. Excludes shoes. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price. Price reflects discount. Offer valid 05/04/17-05/07/17.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 FREE: Select styles/categories. Buy one item at its regular retail price, get a second like item of equal or lesser value for free and receive the third or more like item of equal or lesser value at 50% off the original price. Excludes Exceptional Value Items, clearance, and select boys styles. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable at Men's Wearhouse outlet locations, or for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Offer valid 07/26/17-07/30/17.
   



   All offers are subject to availability. Selection varies by store. These offers are valid for new purchases only. Discounts may not be applied to gift center purchases/engraveables, Exceptional Value and custom items, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, alterations or toward the purchase of gift cards. Deals cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items. The Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Refer to casual sweepstakes for more details.
   



$199.99 PROM PACKAGE: Select styles only. Customer may purchase one (1) Suit, one (1) Dress Shirt, and (1) Tie from the Prom Package selection, for a total of $199.99. Excludes Exceptional Value items and clearance. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer valid 3/20/17-6/18/17.
   



$119 CALVIN KLEIN TUX RENTAL: All offers are subject to availability. Selection varies by store. Offer only applies to Calvin Klein 1865, 1870 rental packages. These offers are valid for new purchases only. Discounts may not be applied to engraved gift purchases, Exceptional Value and custom items, or the fees and taxes associated thereto, alterations or toward the purchase of gift cards. Deals cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items. The Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   



$279.99 Designer Suits: Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes and vested suits. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer valid 3/9/17-3/12/17.
   



LIMITED DEAL! EXTRA 50% OFF CLEARANCE SPORTSWEAR: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Additional discount taken off clearance price.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 FREE: Select styles/categories only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second like item of equal or lesser value for free. Excludes Exceptional Value Items and clearance. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable at Men's Wearhouse outlet locations, or for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Offer valid 3/9/17-3/12/17.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 SUIT FOR $150 OR 1 SPORT COAT FOR $100: Select items only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second Suit of equal or lesser value for $150 or Sport Coat of equal or lesser value for $100. Excludes Exceptional Value products, clearance and $199.99 Prom Package items. Second item must be of equal or lesser value. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   

$99.99 CALVIN KLEIN & COLE HANN SHOES:
    Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts.
   

CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price. Price reflects discount.
   



60% OFF SWEATERS:  Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Price reflects discount.  Excludes Clearance. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers. 
   



$99.99 COLE HAAN SHOES: Select styles only. Excludes clearance. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts.
   



CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price. Price reflects discount.
   






60% OFF SWEATERS Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Excludes Clearance. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers.
   



25% OFF COLD WEATHER ACCESSORIES: Select styles only. Discount off of the regular retail price. Excludes Exceptional Value. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers.
   



CLEARANCE:
    Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price.
   



$25,000 Sweepstakes: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY to enter or win; purchase does not improve chances of winning. Open to legal U.S. residents (excluding Puerto Rico and U.S. territories) 18 years or older. Sweepstakes runs 1/1/2017 through 2/28/2017. Prize is a check for $25,000. Void where prohibited. See Official Rules in store and at menswearhouse.com/dreamwedding for complete details and alternative means of entry.
   



BUY 1 GET 1 SUIT FOR $150 OR 1 SPORT COAT FOR $100: Select items only. Buy one item at its regular retail price and get a second Suit of equal or lesser value for $150 or Sport Coat of equal or lesser value for $100. Excludes Exceptional Value products and Clearance. Second item must be of equal or lesser value. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   






   All offers are subject to availability. Selection varies by store. These offers are valid for new purchases only. Discounts may not be applied to gift center purchases/engraveables, Exceptional Value and custom items, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, alterations or toward the purchase of gift cards. Deals cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items. The Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
   



24 HOUR DEAL: Select styles only. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes. 24 hour deals may not be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer Valid through 11:59pm CST.
   



24 HOUR DEAL: Select styles only. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes. 24 hour deals may not be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer Valid through 09:59pm CST.
   



CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price.
   



PROMOTIONS DAILY DEAL: Select styles only. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes. 24 hour deals may not be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer Valid through 11:59pm CST.
   



Bonus Bucks: Make a purchase in-store or online between 5/25/2017 and 6/18/2017 to receive a Bonus Buck for $30 off a purchase of $100 or more (before taxes and shipping, if applicable) that is valid from 6/19/2017-7/4/2017. Purchases of gift cards, international orders, alterations or tuxedo rentals do not qualify for a Bonus Buck. One coupon per transaction. No minimum purchase required to receive a Bonus Buck. Bonus Buck may not be used on gift center purchases/engraveables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. See Bonus Buck for restrictions and details.
   


All offers are subject to availability. Selection varies by store. Offer only applies to Calvin Klein 1865, 1870 rental packages. These offers are valid for new purchases only. Discounts may not be applied to engraved gift purchases, Exceptional Value and custom items, or the fees and taxes associated thereto, alterations or toward the purchase of gift cards. Deals cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items. The Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.






























Miller Welders























M-F 7:30-7:30 EDT
 | 888.328.9890






Home | About | Contact |
Register or Login
Welcome $$firstName$$ My Account    Logout















Menu



Shop This Month's CyberWeld Specials!










Free Shipping
		On All Orders Over $25
	



Home  //  Miller WeldersMiller WeldersCategoriesMiller Build With Blue™ Summer Savings PromotionGet up to a $700 cash rebate from Miller when you purchase select helmets, welders or plasma cutters. Expires 9/30/17Miller MIG WeldersMiller invented the original all-in-one Millermatic® MIG welding system 30 years ago, Miller still leads the MIG welding pack today.Miller TIG WeldersCyberweld is pleased to offer Miller TIG welders from the industry leader in bringing the world the best in TIG welding machines.Miller Stick WeldersWhether you need a basic welder for emergency farm repairs or the muscle to burn 1/4" rods all day long, you can count on the performance of Miller Stick welders.Miller Plasma CuttersMiller Spectrum plasma cutters provide extreme reliability and performance other plasma cutters can't match.Miller Multiprocess WeldersFrom the professional Dimension and XMT series, to the revolutionary Multimatic™ 200 and 215, Miller has the industrial multiprocess welder to fit your application.Miller Engine Driven Welders/GeneratorsMiller Engine Driven Welders are some of the most reliable, durable and economical welders/generators in the world.Miller Multioperator WeldersMiller CST and XMT welder packs supply up to eight welding arcs in one portable rack with a single power connection.Spot WeldersMiller spot welders and accessories are built tough to deliver smooth, reliable performance.TIG Torches & PartsChoose from a full line of genuine Miller Weldcraft TIG torches and replacement parts for your TIG welder.Miller Spoolguns and Wire FeedersMiller provides the smoothest feeding, most reliable and easiest to operate spoolguns and wire feed systems in the industry.Miller MIG Guns And PartsBuy genuine Miller MIG guns and replacement parts for your Miller MIG welder.Miller ArcStation WorkbenchThe Miller ArcStation™ is the first ever, all-in-one workstation designed for welding and metalworking.Miller Fume ExtractorsMiller's line of FILTAIR® welding fume extractors are designed specifically to remove welding fumes from the work environment.Miller Welding Protective Clothing & EyewearMiller Welding Jackets, Welding Gloves, Safety Clothing & Safety Eyewear.  Includes Miller WELDX™ CarbonX® clothing.Miller AccessoriesChoose from a wide selection of genuine Miller welding accessories and replacement parts for your Miller MIG, TIG, Stick welder or plasma cutter.Miller/Hobart WarrantyMiller and Hobart welders and plasma cutters are backed by the best warranty in the industry.Miller WeldersMiller welders are some of the most reliable arc welders and plasma cutters in the world.  The Miller Electric brand name has stood for quality and performance for over 85 years.  Choose from discounted Miller MIG welders, stick welders, TIG welders, engine driven welders, spot welders, plasma cutters, wire feeders, fume extractors and accessories.Miller welding helmets and Arc Armor welding clothing and eye ware are industry standards for safety and comfort.  Miller ArcStation welding tables and work stations round out Miller's welding products offering.


Shop By CategoryCylindersEngine Driven WeldersGas ApparatusLearning CenterMIG Guns And PartsMIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersPlasma Torches & PartsSafety ProductsSpot WeldersStick WeldersTIG Torches & PartsTIG WeldersWelding AccessoriesWelding Fume ExtractorsWelding Gloves & Work GlovesWelding HelmetsWelding Jackets & ApparelWelding Wire & ElectrodeShop By BrandShop All BrandsMiller WeldersHobart WeldersJackson SafetyRevco Welding ClothingSmith EquipmentESAB Brand WeldersThermal Dynamics Plasma3M SpeedglasTillman Welding ClothingVictor Equipment

Our CompanyHomeAboutContactPromotionsCustomer CareMy AccountReturns/ExchangesFAQsPoliciesPrivacyStay ConnectedThe Cyberweld® name, logo and the slogan "Weld with your mouse"® are registered service marks of:Cyberweld®  |  1250 Route 28  |  Suite 306  |  Branchburg, NJ  08876Email: info@cyberweld.com  |  Phone: (888) 328-9890  |  FAX: (908) 671-5168© 2000 - . All rights reserved. Web Design by EYStudios. Site last updated on 7/25/17backclose menuWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersMIG WeldersTIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersMiller Multioperator WeldersStick WeldersEngine Driven WeldersSpot WeldersSpoolguns and Wire FeedersWelding Fume ExtractorsSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersMiller WeldersESABHobart WeldersWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding HelmetsWelding & Safety ClothingWelding Gloves & Work GlovesBreathing ProtectionEye & Face ProtectionHearing ProtectionHead ProtectionWelding Blankets & ScreensSHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetySHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetyMiller Arc ArmorJackson Safety3M SpeedglasGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersCutting & Welding OutfitsGas RegulatorsCylindersBrazing & Soldering Torches & TipsHVAC Purge & Test EquipmentGas MixersOxy/Fuel AccessoriesSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSmith EquipmentVictor EquipmentTurboTorchWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesMIG, TIG, Plasma Torches & PartsCarts, Running Gear and TrailersWelding ClampsWelding MagnetsHand ToolsWelding Tables And WorkbenchesWelding Cables & AccessoriesPower ProductsWelding Fume ExtractorsAbrasivesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesMiller AccessoriesTweco MIG & Manual ProductsStrong Hand ToolsWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeMIG & Flux-Cored Welding WireTIG Welding WireTungsten ElectrodeStick ElectrodeBrazing AlloysGas Welding & Brazing Rod (Oxy/Fuel)SHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeSHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeHarris Filler MetalsHobart Filler MetalsDiamond Ground ProductsShop All BrandsShop All Brands
Register
Login


Home | About | Contact |



Free Shipping

On All Orders Over $25


























  



  




Miller Welders























M-F 7:30-7:30 EDT
 | 888.328.9890






Home | About | Contact |
Register or Login
Welcome $$firstName$$ My Account    Logout















Menu



Shop This Month's CyberWeld Specials!










Free Shipping
		On All Orders Over $25
	



Home  //  Miller WeldersMiller WeldersCategoriesMiller Build With Blue™ Summer Savings PromotionGet up to a $700 cash rebate from Miller when you purchase select helmets, welders or plasma cutters. Expires 9/30/17Miller MIG WeldersMiller invented the original all-in-one Millermatic® MIG welding system 30 years ago, Miller still leads the MIG welding pack today.Miller TIG WeldersCyberweld is pleased to offer Miller TIG welders from the industry leader in bringing the world the best in TIG welding machines.Miller Stick WeldersWhether you need a basic welder for emergency farm repairs or the muscle to burn 1/4" rods all day long, you can count on the performance of Miller Stick welders.Miller Plasma CuttersMiller Spectrum plasma cutters provide extreme reliability and performance other plasma cutters can't match.Miller Multiprocess WeldersFrom the professional Dimension and XMT series, to the revolutionary Multimatic™ 200 and 215, Miller has the industrial multiprocess welder to fit your application.Miller Engine Driven Welders/GeneratorsMiller Engine Driven Welders are some of the most reliable, durable and economical welders/generators in the world.Miller Multioperator WeldersMiller CST and XMT welder packs supply up to eight welding arcs in one portable rack with a single power connection.Spot WeldersMiller spot welders and accessories are built tough to deliver smooth, reliable performance.TIG Torches & PartsChoose from a full line of genuine Miller Weldcraft TIG torches and replacement parts for your TIG welder.Miller Spoolguns and Wire FeedersMiller provides the smoothest feeding, most reliable and easiest to operate spoolguns and wire feed systems in the industry.Miller MIG Guns And PartsBuy genuine Miller MIG guns and replacement parts for your Miller MIG welder.Miller ArcStation WorkbenchThe Miller ArcStation™ is the first ever, all-in-one workstation designed for welding and metalworking.Miller Fume ExtractorsMiller's line of FILTAIR® welding fume extractors are designed specifically to remove welding fumes from the work environment.Miller Welding Protective Clothing & EyewearMiller Welding Jackets, Welding Gloves, Safety Clothing & Safety Eyewear.  Includes Miller WELDX™ CarbonX® clothing.Miller AccessoriesChoose from a wide selection of genuine Miller welding accessories and replacement parts for your Miller MIG, TIG, Stick welder or plasma cutter.Miller/Hobart WarrantyMiller and Hobart welders and plasma cutters are backed by the best warranty in the industry.Miller WeldersMiller welders are some of the most reliable arc welders and plasma cutters in the world.  The Miller Electric brand name has stood for quality and performance for over 85 years.  Choose from discounted Miller MIG welders, stick welders, TIG welders, engine driven welders, spot welders, plasma cutters, wire feeders, fume extractors and accessories.Miller welding helmets and Arc Armor welding clothing and eye ware are industry standards for safety and comfort.  Miller ArcStation welding tables and work stations round out Miller's welding products offering.


Shop By CategoryCylindersEngine Driven WeldersGas ApparatusLearning CenterMIG Guns And PartsMIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersPlasma Torches & PartsSafety ProductsSpot WeldersStick WeldersTIG Torches & PartsTIG WeldersWelding AccessoriesWelding Fume ExtractorsWelding Gloves & Work GlovesWelding HelmetsWelding Jackets & ApparelWelding Wire & ElectrodeShop By BrandShop All BrandsMiller WeldersHobart WeldersJackson SafetyRevco Welding ClothingSmith EquipmentESAB Brand WeldersThermal Dynamics Plasma3M SpeedglasTillman Welding ClothingVictor Equipment

Our CompanyHomeAboutContactPromotionsCustomer CareMy AccountReturns/ExchangesFAQsPoliciesPrivacyStay ConnectedThe Cyberweld® name, logo and the slogan "Weld with your mouse"® are registered service marks of:Cyberweld®  |  1250 Route 28  |  Suite 306  |  Branchburg, NJ  08876Email: info@cyberweld.com  |  Phone: (888) 328-9890  |  FAX: (908) 671-5168© 2000 - . All rights reserved. Web Design by EYStudios. Site last updated on 7/25/17backclose menuWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersMIG WeldersTIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersMiller Multioperator WeldersStick WeldersEngine Driven WeldersSpot WeldersSpoolguns and Wire FeedersWelding Fume ExtractorsSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersMiller WeldersESABHobart WeldersWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding HelmetsWelding & Safety ClothingWelding Gloves & Work GlovesBreathing ProtectionEye & Face ProtectionHearing ProtectionHead ProtectionWelding Blankets & ScreensSHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetySHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetyMiller Arc ArmorJackson Safety3M SpeedglasGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersCutting & Welding OutfitsGas RegulatorsCylindersBrazing & Soldering Torches & TipsHVAC Purge & Test EquipmentGas MixersOxy/Fuel AccessoriesSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSmith EquipmentVictor EquipmentTurboTorchWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesMIG, TIG, Plasma Torches & PartsCarts, Running Gear and TrailersWelding ClampsWelding MagnetsHand ToolsWelding Tables And WorkbenchesWelding Cables & AccessoriesPower ProductsWelding Fume ExtractorsAbrasivesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesMiller AccessoriesTweco MIG & Manual ProductsStrong Hand ToolsWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeMIG & Flux-Cored Welding WireTIG Welding WireTungsten ElectrodeStick ElectrodeBrazing AlloysGas Welding & Brazing Rod (Oxy/Fuel)SHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeSHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeHarris Filler MetalsHobart Filler MetalsDiamond Ground ProductsShop All BrandsShop All Brands
Register
Login


Home | About | Contact |



Free Shipping

On All Orders Over $25


























  



  




Miller Welders























M-F 7:30-7:30 EDT
 | 888.328.9890






Home | About | Contact |
Register or Login
Welcome $$firstName$$ My Account    Logout















Menu



Shop This Month's CyberWeld Specials!










Free Shipping
		On All Orders Over $25
	



Home  //  Miller WeldersMiller WeldersCategoriesMiller Build With Blue™ Summer Savings PromotionGet up to a $700 cash rebate from Miller when you purchase select helmets, welders or plasma cutters. Expires 9/30/17Miller MIG WeldersMiller invented the original all-in-one Millermatic® MIG welding system 30 years ago, Miller still leads the MIG welding pack today.Miller TIG WeldersCyberweld is pleased to offer Miller TIG welders from the industry leader in bringing the world the best in TIG welding machines.Miller Stick WeldersWhether you need a basic welder for emergency farm repairs or the muscle to burn 1/4" rods all day long, you can count on the performance of Miller Stick welders.Miller Plasma CuttersMiller Spectrum plasma cutters provide extreme reliability and performance other plasma cutters can't match.Miller Multiprocess WeldersFrom the professional Dimension and XMT series, to the revolutionary Multimatic™ 200 and 215, Miller has the industrial multiprocess welder to fit your application.Miller Engine Driven Welders/GeneratorsMiller Engine Driven Welders are some of the most reliable, durable and economical welders/generators in the world.Miller Multioperator WeldersMiller CST and XMT welder packs supply up to eight welding arcs in one portable rack with a single power connection.Spot WeldersMiller spot welders and accessories are built tough to deliver smooth, reliable performance.TIG Torches & PartsChoose from a full line of genuine Miller Weldcraft TIG torches and replacement parts for your TIG welder.Miller Spoolguns and Wire FeedersMiller provides the smoothest feeding, most reliable and easiest to operate spoolguns and wire feed systems in the industry.Miller MIG Guns And PartsBuy genuine Miller MIG guns and replacement parts for your Miller MIG welder.Miller ArcStation WorkbenchThe Miller ArcStation™ is the first ever, all-in-one workstation designed for welding and metalworking.Miller Fume ExtractorsMiller's line of FILTAIR® welding fume extractors are designed specifically to remove welding fumes from the work environment.Miller Welding Protective Clothing & EyewearMiller Welding Jackets, Welding Gloves, Safety Clothing & Safety Eyewear.  Includes Miller WELDX™ CarbonX® clothing.Miller AccessoriesChoose from a wide selection of genuine Miller welding accessories and replacement parts for your Miller MIG, TIG, Stick welder or plasma cutter.Miller/Hobart WarrantyMiller and Hobart welders and plasma cutters are backed by the best warranty in the industry.Miller WeldersMiller welders are some of the most reliable arc welders and plasma cutters in the world.  The Miller Electric brand name has stood for quality and performance for over 85 years.  Choose from discounted Miller MIG welders, stick welders, TIG welders, engine driven welders, spot welders, plasma cutters, wire feeders, fume extractors and accessories.Miller welding helmets and Arc Armor welding clothing and eye ware are industry standards for safety and comfort.  Miller ArcStation welding tables and work stations round out Miller's welding products offering.


Shop By CategoryCylindersEngine Driven WeldersGas ApparatusLearning CenterMIG Guns And PartsMIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersPlasma Torches & PartsSafety ProductsSpot WeldersStick WeldersTIG Torches & PartsTIG WeldersWelding AccessoriesWelding Fume ExtractorsWelding Gloves & Work GlovesWelding HelmetsWelding Jackets & ApparelWelding Wire & ElectrodeShop By BrandShop All BrandsMiller WeldersHobart WeldersJackson SafetyRevco Welding ClothingSmith EquipmentESAB Brand WeldersThermal Dynamics Plasma3M SpeedglasTillman Welding ClothingVictor Equipment

Our CompanyHomeAboutContactPromotionsCustomer CareMy AccountReturns/ExchangesFAQsPoliciesPrivacyStay ConnectedThe Cyberweld® name, logo and the slogan "Weld with your mouse"® are registered service marks of:Cyberweld®  |  1250 Route 28  |  Suite 306  |  Branchburg, NJ  08876Email: info@cyberweld.com  |  Phone: (888) 328-9890  |  FAX: (908) 671-5168© 2000 - . All rights reserved. Web Design by EYStudios. Site last updated on 7/25/17backclose menuWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersMIG WeldersTIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersMiller Multioperator WeldersStick WeldersEngine Driven WeldersSpot WeldersSpoolguns and Wire FeedersWelding Fume ExtractorsSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersMiller WeldersESABHobart WeldersWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding HelmetsWelding & Safety ClothingWelding Gloves & Work GlovesBreathing ProtectionEye & Face ProtectionHearing ProtectionHead ProtectionWelding Blankets & ScreensSHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetySHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetyMiller Arc ArmorJackson Safety3M SpeedglasGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersCutting & Welding OutfitsGas RegulatorsCylindersBrazing & Soldering Torches & TipsHVAC Purge & Test EquipmentGas MixersOxy/Fuel AccessoriesSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSmith EquipmentVictor EquipmentTurboTorchWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesMIG, TIG, Plasma Torches & PartsCarts, Running Gear and TrailersWelding ClampsWelding MagnetsHand ToolsWelding Tables And WorkbenchesWelding Cables & AccessoriesPower ProductsWelding Fume ExtractorsAbrasivesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesMiller AccessoriesTweco MIG & Manual ProductsStrong Hand ToolsWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeMIG & Flux-Cored Welding WireTIG Welding WireTungsten ElectrodeStick ElectrodeBrazing AlloysGas Welding & Brazing Rod (Oxy/Fuel)SHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeSHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeHarris Filler MetalsHobart Filler MetalsDiamond Ground ProductsShop All BrandsShop All Brands
Register
Login


Home | About | Contact |



Free Shipping

On All Orders Over $25


























  



  




Miller Welders























M-F 7:30-7:30 EDT
 | 888.328.9890






Home | About | Contact |
Register or Login
Welcome $$firstName$$ My Account    Logout















Menu



Shop This Month's CyberWeld Specials!










Free Shipping
		On All Orders Over $25
	



Home  //  Miller WeldersMiller WeldersCategoriesMiller Build With Blue™ Summer Savings PromotionGet up to a $700 cash rebate from Miller when you purchase select helmets, welders or plasma cutters. Expires 9/30/17Miller MIG WeldersMiller invented the original all-in-one Millermatic® MIG welding system 30 years ago, Miller still leads the MIG welding pack today.Miller TIG WeldersCyberweld is pleased to offer Miller TIG welders from the industry leader in bringing the world the best in TIG welding machines.Miller Stick WeldersWhether you need a basic welder for emergency farm repairs or the muscle to burn 1/4" rods all day long, you can count on the performance of Miller Stick welders.Miller Plasma CuttersMiller Spectrum plasma cutters provide extreme reliability and performance other plasma cutters can't match.Miller Multiprocess WeldersFrom the professional Dimension and XMT series, to the revolutionary Multimatic™ 200 and 215, Miller has the industrial multiprocess welder to fit your application.Miller Engine Driven Welders/GeneratorsMiller Engine Driven Welders are some of the most reliable, durable and economical welders/generators in the world.Miller Multioperator WeldersMiller CST and XMT welder packs supply up to eight welding arcs in one portable rack with a single power connection.Spot WeldersMiller spot welders and accessories are built tough to deliver smooth, reliable performance.TIG Torches & PartsChoose from a full line of genuine Miller Weldcraft TIG torches and replacement parts for your TIG welder.Miller Spoolguns and Wire FeedersMiller provides the smoothest feeding, most reliable and easiest to operate spoolguns and wire feed systems in the industry.Miller MIG Guns And PartsBuy genuine Miller MIG guns and replacement parts for your Miller MIG welder.Miller ArcStation WorkbenchThe Miller ArcStation™ is the first ever, all-in-one workstation designed for welding and metalworking.Miller Fume ExtractorsMiller's line of FILTAIR® welding fume extractors are designed specifically to remove welding fumes from the work environment.Miller Welding Protective Clothing & EyewearMiller Welding Jackets, Welding Gloves, Safety Clothing & Safety Eyewear.  Includes Miller WELDX™ CarbonX® clothing.Miller AccessoriesChoose from a wide selection of genuine Miller welding accessories and replacement parts for your Miller MIG, TIG, Stick welder or plasma cutter.Miller/Hobart WarrantyMiller and Hobart welders and plasma cutters are backed by the best warranty in the industry.Miller WeldersMiller welders are some of the most reliable arc welders and plasma cutters in the world.  The Miller Electric brand name has stood for quality and performance for over 85 years.  Choose from discounted Miller MIG welders, stick welders, TIG welders, engine driven welders, spot welders, plasma cutters, wire feeders, fume extractors and accessories.Miller welding helmets and Arc Armor welding clothing and eye ware are industry standards for safety and comfort.  Miller ArcStation welding tables and work stations round out Miller's welding products offering.


Shop By CategoryCylindersEngine Driven WeldersGas ApparatusLearning CenterMIG Guns And PartsMIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersPlasma Torches & PartsSafety ProductsSpot WeldersStick WeldersTIG Torches & PartsTIG WeldersWelding AccessoriesWelding Fume ExtractorsWelding Gloves & Work GlovesWelding HelmetsWelding Jackets & ApparelWelding Wire & ElectrodeShop By BrandShop All BrandsMiller WeldersHobart WeldersJackson SafetyRevco Welding ClothingSmith EquipmentESAB Brand WeldersThermal Dynamics Plasma3M SpeedglasTillman Welding ClothingVictor Equipment

Our CompanyHomeAboutContactPromotionsCustomer CareMy AccountReturns/ExchangesFAQsPoliciesPrivacyStay ConnectedThe Cyberweld® name, logo and the slogan "Weld with your mouse"® are registered service marks of:Cyberweld®  |  1250 Route 28  |  Suite 306  |  Branchburg, NJ  08876Email: info@cyberweld.com  |  Phone: (888) 328-9890  |  FAX: (908) 671-5168© 2000 - . All rights reserved. Web Design by EYStudios. Site last updated on 7/25/17backclose menuWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersMIG WeldersTIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersMiller Multioperator WeldersStick WeldersEngine Driven WeldersSpot WeldersSpoolguns and Wire FeedersWelding Fume ExtractorsSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersMiller WeldersESABHobart WeldersWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding HelmetsWelding & Safety ClothingWelding Gloves & Work GlovesBreathing ProtectionEye & Face ProtectionHearing ProtectionHead ProtectionWelding Blankets & ScreensSHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetySHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetyMiller Arc ArmorJackson Safety3M SpeedglasGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersCutting & Welding OutfitsGas RegulatorsCylindersBrazing & Soldering Torches & TipsHVAC Purge & Test EquipmentGas MixersOxy/Fuel AccessoriesSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSmith EquipmentVictor EquipmentTurboTorchWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesMIG, TIG, Plasma Torches & PartsCarts, Running Gear and TrailersWelding ClampsWelding MagnetsHand ToolsWelding Tables And WorkbenchesWelding Cables & AccessoriesPower ProductsWelding Fume ExtractorsAbrasivesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesMiller AccessoriesTweco MIG & Manual ProductsStrong Hand ToolsWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeMIG & Flux-Cored Welding WireTIG Welding WireTungsten ElectrodeStick ElectrodeBrazing AlloysGas Welding & Brazing Rod (Oxy/Fuel)SHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeSHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeHarris Filler MetalsHobart Filler MetalsDiamond Ground ProductsShop All BrandsShop All Brands
Register
Login


Home | About | Contact |



Free Shipping

On All Orders Over $25


























  



  




3M Speedglas























M-F 7:30-7:30 EDT
 | 888.328.9890






Home | About | Contact |
Register or Login
Welcome $$firstName$$ My Account    Logout















Menu



Shop This Month's CyberWeld Specials!










Free Shipping
		On All Orders Over $25
	



Home  //  Shop All Brands  //  3M Speedglas3M SpeedglasCategories3M Speedglas Welding Helmets - 9100 SeriesGet a FREE 3M™ Metalworker Safety Kit ($61 MSRP Value) with purchase of 9100XXi.  While supplies last.9100 Series auto-darkening welding lenses are designed for the professional welder, incorporating dark shade ranges 8-13, grinding and torch cutting modes.3M Speedglas Welding Helmets - 100V Series100V Series variable shade 8-12 welding
helmets deliver Speedglas quality at an economical price.3M Speedglas Women's Welding Helmets100V Series variable shade 8-12 welding
helmets designed with women in mind.3M Speedglas  Welding Helmet AccessoriesFull line of genuine Speedglas™ replacement parts for your Speedglas™ Auto-darkening welding helmet.3M Speedglas Adflo Replacement Parts & AccessoriesGenuine 3M™ Speedglas™ replacement parts for your Adflo Powered Air Purifying Respirator (PAPR).Products3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - 9100XXi Auto Dark Lens 06-0100-30iSW75 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $536.99Cyberweld Price: $395.00Get a FREE 3M™ Metalworker Safety Kit with purchase ($61 MSRP value).  While supplies last.Speedglas™ 9100 welding helmet with XXi auto-darkening lens has the greatest optical clarity of any Speedglas ADF ever.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - 9100XX Auto Dark Lens 06-0100-30SW118 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $516.74Cyberweld Price: $398.00Speedglas™ 9100 welding helmet with 9100XX auto-darkening lens is a highly advanced, large view, professional welding helmet.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - 9100X Auto Dark Lens 06-0100-20SW71 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $420.16Cyberweld Price: $322.35Speedglas™ 9100X offers large view and solar battery assist in the most advanced auto darkening welding lens.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - 9100V Auto Dark Lens 06-0100-10SW38 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $323.56Cyberweld Price: $248.25Speedglas 9100V is advanced, yet economical, with 6.05 sq. inch viewing area and variable shade 8-13 lens.3M Speedglas 9100 QR Welding Helmet - 9100XX Lens 06-0100-30QRMfg Industrial Price: $581.14Cyberweld Price: $445.85Combines the features of Speedlgas' popular 9100XX welding helmet with the 3M™ H701-R hard hat.3M Speedglas 9100 QR Welding Helmet - 9100X Lens 06-0100-20QRMfg Industrial Price: $490.08Cyberweld Price: $376.00Combines the features of Speedlgas' popular 9100X welding helmet with the 3M™ H701-R hard hat.3M Speedglas 9100 QR Welding Helmet - 9100V Lens 06-0100-10QRMfg Industrial Price: $448.69Cyberweld Price: $344.25Combines the features of Speedlgas' popular 9100V welding helmet with the 3M™ H701-R hard hat.3M Speedglas 9100 FX Welding Helmet - 9100XX Lens 06-0600-30SW13 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $683.88Cyberweld Price: $525.00Integrated grinding shield with the 9100XX variable shade 8-13 lens featuring grind and cut modes.3M Speedglas 9100 FX Welding Helmet - 9100X Lens 06-0600-20SW2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $618.02Cyberweld Price: $474.15Integrated grinding shield with the 9100X variable shade 8-13 lens featuring grind and cut modes. 3M Speedglas 9100 FX Welding Helmet - 9100V Lens 06-0600-10SW2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $530.54Cyberweld Price: $407.00Integrated grinding shield with the 9100V variable shade 8-13 lens featuring grind and cut modes.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - SL Auto Dark Lens 05-0013-4112 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $322.46Cyberweld Price: $245.253M™ Speedglas™ SL Welding Helmet is the lightest Speedglas hood ever.Speedglas 9002NC Welding Helmet 04-0100-20NC10 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $290.00Cyberweld Price: $199.95The Speedglas™ 9002NC auto-darkening welding helmet combines the classic Speedglas 9000 helmet shell with natural color lens technology.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Black 100S Auto Dark Lens 07-0012-10BL4 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $158.34Cyberweld Price: $119.99The Speedglas 100S Black welding helmet comes with the Speedglas 100S fixed shade 10 or 11 auto darkening filter.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Black 100V Lens 07-0012-31BL21 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $203.58Cyberweld Price: $149.00Speedglas™ Black welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet 100 QR w/H-701R Hard Hat 07-0012-31BL-QRMfg Industrial Price: $328.25Cyberweld Price: $213.253M™ Speedglas™ 100 QR (Quick Release) welding helmet comes with Speedglas™ 100V auto-darkening welding lens and 3M™ H-701R hard hat.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Future Combatant 100V 07-0012-31FC2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Future Combatant welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Ice Hot 100V 07-0012-31IH2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Ice Hot welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price. 3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Raging Skull 100V 07-0012-31RS2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Raging Skull welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Razor Dragon 100V 07-0012-31RD2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Razor Dragon welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Tribute 100V 07-0012-31TB8 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Tribute welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Trojan Warrior 100V Lens 07-0012-31TW2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Trojan Warrior welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price. 3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Xterminator 100V 07-0012-31XT1 ReviewMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Xterminator welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas 100V Welding Helmet - Steel Eyes 07-0012-31SE4 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $289.93Cyberweld Price: $220.00Speedglas™ Steel Eyes welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens is designed with women in mind.3M Speedglas 100V Welding Helmet - Skull Jewels 07-0012-31SJ3 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $289.93Cyberweld Price: $220.00Speedglas™ Skull Jewels welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens is designed with women in mind.3M Speedglas 100V Welding Helmet - Steel Rose 07-0012-31SR9 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $289.93Cyberweld Price: $220.00Speedglas™ Steel Rose welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens is designed with women in mind.3M Speedglas 100V Welding Helmet - Wild N Pink 07-0012-31WP6 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $289.93Cyberweld Price: $220.00Speedglas™ Wild N Pink welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens is designed with women in mind.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Future Combatant 100V 07-0012-31FC2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Future Combatant welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Ice Hot 100V 07-0012-31IH2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Ice Hot welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price. 3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Raging Skull 100V 07-0012-31RS2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Raging Skull welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Razor Dragon 100V 07-0012-31RD2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Razor Dragon welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Tribute 100V 07-0012-31TB8 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Tribute welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Trojan Warrior 100V Lens 07-0012-31TW2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Trojan Warrior welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price. 3M Speedglas Welding Helmet - Xterminator 100V 07-0012-31XT1 ReviewMfg Industrial Price: $246.44Cyberweld Price: $186.75Speedglas™ Xterminator welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens features Speedglas quality at a reasonable price.3M Speedglas 100V Welding Helmet - Steel Eyes 07-0012-31SE4 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $289.93Cyberweld Price: $220.00Speedglas™ Steel Eyes welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens is designed with women in mind.3M Speedglas 100V Welding Helmet - Skull Jewels 07-0012-31SJ3 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $289.93Cyberweld Price: $220.00Speedglas™ Skull Jewels welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens is designed with women in mind.3M Speedglas 100V Welding Helmet - Steel Rose 07-0012-31SR9 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $289.93Cyberweld Price: $220.00Speedglas™ Steel Rose welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens is designed with women in mind.3M Speedglas 100V Welding Helmet - Wild N Pink 07-0012-31WP6 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $289.93Cyberweld Price: $220.00Speedglas™ Wild N Pink welding helmet with 100V shade 8-13 auto darkening lens is designed with women in mind.3M Speedglas Adflo 9100 MP w/9100XX Lens 37-1101-30SWMfg Industrial Price: $2,264.83Cyberweld Price: $1,711.00Speedglas™ 9100 MP (Multi-Protection) welding helmet with integrated hard hat, grinding shield, 9100XX auto darkening lens and Adflo PAPR.3M Speedglas Adflo 9100FX-Air w/9100XX ADF 36-1101-30SW13 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $2,074.18Cyberweld Price: $1,569.00Speedglas™ 9100FX welding helmet with grinding visor and 9100XX ADF with Adflo PAPR complete with new lithium-ion battery.3M Speedglas Adflo 9100FX-Air w/9100X ADF 36-1101-20SWMfg Industrial Price: $1,980.35Cyberweld Price: $1,499.00Speedglas 9100FX welding helmet with grinding visor and 9100X ADF with the proven Adflo PAPR complete with new lithium-ion battery3M Speedglas Adflo 9100-Air w/9100XXi ADF 35-1101-30iSW1 ReviewMfg Industrial Price: $1,889.99Cyberweld Price: $1,432.00Speedglas™ Adflo (HE) 9100-Air combines the Speedglas™ 9100 welding helmet and new 9100XXi ADF with the proven Adflo PAPR.3M Speedglas Adflo 9100-Air w/9100XX ADF 35-1101-30SW2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $1,853.59Cyberweld Price: $1,405.00The Speedglas™ Adflo (HE) 9100-Air combines the Speedglas™ 9100 welding helmet and 9100XX ADF with the proven Adflo PAPR3M Speedglas Adflo 9100-Air w/9100X ADF 35-1101-20SWMfg Industrial Price: $1,782.18Cyberweld Price: $1,352.00The Speedglas™ Adflo (HE) 9100-Air combines the Speedglas™ 9100 welding helmet and 9100X ADF with the proven Adflo PAPR with lithium-ion batterySpeedglas Adflo PAPR 9100 FX-Air 36-1101-00SW 3 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $1,837.68Cyberweld Price: $1,198.00Speedglas™ Adflo™ (HE) 9100FX-Air high efficiency PAPR (Powered Air Purifying Respirator) with 9100 FX-Air (NO ADF) welding hood with integrated grinding shield.3M Disposable Welding Respirator N95 w/Odor Relief 8214 Mfg Industrial Price: $81.74Cyberweld Price: $61.30Package of 10 - 3M™ 8214 N95 Disposable Particulate Welding Respirator with face seal and odor  relief is designed to remove metal fumes common to welding and metal pouring.3M Disposable Welding Respirator N95 w/Odor Relief 8514Mfg Industrial Price: $72.61Cyberweld Price: $54.45Package of 10 - Genuine 3M™ 8514 N95 Disposable Particulate Welding Respirator with odor relief is designed to remove metal fumes common to welding and metal pouring. 3M Disposable Welding Respirator N95 8212Mfg Industrial Price: $68.34Cyberweld Price: $51.25Package of 10 - Genuine 3M™ 8212 N95 Disposable Particulate Welding Respirator with face seal is designed to remove metal fumes common to welding and metal pouring.3M Disposable Welding Respirator N95 8512Mfg Industrial Price: $63.87Cyberweld Price: $47.90Package of 10 - Genuine 3M™ 8512 N95 Disposable Particulate Welding Respirator is designed to remove metal fumes common to welding and metal pouring.3M Disposable Welding Respirator N95 8515Mfg Industrial Price: $31.49Cyberweld Price: $23.65Package of 10 - Genuine 3M™ 8515 N95 Disposable Particulate Welding Respirator is an economical respirator designed to remove metal fumes common to welding and metal pouring.3M Solus 1000 Series Anti-Fog Safety Eyewear Kit S1101SGAF-KTMfg Industrial Price: $14.99Cyberweld Price: $13.50Comes complete with one pair Solus™ 1000 clear safety glasses with black/blue temples and blue nose piece, removable foam gasket and head strap.3M Solus 1000 Series Anti-Fog Safety Eyewear Kit S1201SGAF-KTMfg Industrial Price: $14.99Cyberweld Price: $13.50Comes complete with one pair Solus™ 1000 clear safety glasses with black/green temples and green nose piece, removable foam gasket and head strap.
3M Solus 1000 Clear Anti-Fog Safety Glasses S1101SGAFMfg Industrial Price: $9.99Cyberweld Price: $8.99Solus™ 1000 clear safety glasses are the first safety eyewear to feature 3M's patented Scotchgard™ anti-fog technology.3M Solus 1000 Clear Anti-Fog Safety Glasses S1201SGAF2 ReviewsMfg Industrial Price: $9.99Cyberweld Price: $8.99Solus™ 1000 clear safety glasses are the first safety eyewear to feature 3M's patented Scotchgard™ anti-fog technology.3M Solus 1000 Grey Anti-Fog Safety Glasses S1102SGAFMfg Industrial Price: $9.99Cyberweld Price: $8.99Solus™ 1000 grey safety glasses are the first safety eyewear to feature 3M's patented Scotchgard™ anti-fog technology.3M Solus 1000 Grey Anti-Fog Safety Glasses S1202SGAFMfg Industrial Price: $9.99Cyberweld Price: $8.99Solus™ 1000 grey safety glasses are the first safety eyewear to feature 3M's patented Scotchgard™ anti-fog technology.3M Solus 1000 Amber Anti-Fog Safety Glasses S1103SGAFMfg Industrial Price: $9.99Cyberweld Price: $8.99Solus™ 1000 amber safety glasses are the first safety eyewear to feature 3M's patented Scotchgard™ anti-fog technology.3M Solus 1000 Amber Anti-Fog Safety Glasses S1203SGAF1 ReviewMfg Industrial Price: $9.99Cyberweld Price: $8.99Solus™ 1000 amber safety glasses are the first safety eyewear to feature 3M's patented Scotchgard™ anti-fog technology.3M 500 Series Anti-Fog Clear Splash Goggles GG501SGAFMfg Industrial Price: $14.99Cyberweld Price: $13.50500 Series clear splash goggles are the first safety goggles to feature 3M's patented Scotchgard™ anti-fog technology.3M SpeedglasSpeedglas™ invented auto-darkening lens technology over 30 years ago and is still the industry leader today. Buy Speedglas™ welding helmets and accessories here.


Shop By CategoryCylindersEngine Driven WeldersGas ApparatusLearning CenterMIG Guns And PartsMIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersPlasma Torches & PartsSafety ProductsSpot WeldersStick WeldersTIG Torches & PartsTIG WeldersWelding AccessoriesWelding Fume ExtractorsWelding Gloves & Work GlovesWelding HelmetsWelding Jackets & ApparelWelding Wire & ElectrodeShop By BrandShop All BrandsMiller WeldersHobart WeldersJackson SafetyRevco Welding ClothingSmith EquipmentESAB Brand WeldersThermal Dynamics Plasma3M SpeedglasTillman Welding ClothingVictor Equipment

Our CompanyHomeAboutContactPromotionsCustomer CareMy AccountReturns/ExchangesFAQsPoliciesPrivacyStay ConnectedThe Cyberweld® name, logo and the slogan "Weld with your mouse"® are registered service marks of:Cyberweld®  |  1250 Route 28  |  Suite 306  |  Branchburg, NJ  08876Email: info@cyberweld.com  |  Phone: (888) 328-9890  |  FAX: (908) 671-5168© 2000 - . All rights reserved. Web Design by EYStudios. Site last updated on 7/25/17backclose menuWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersWelders & Plasma CuttersMIG WeldersTIG WeldersMultiprocess WeldersPlasma CuttersMiller Multioperator WeldersStick WeldersEngine Driven WeldersSpot WeldersSpoolguns and Wire FeedersWelding Fume ExtractorsSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersSHOP ALL Welders & Plasma CuttersMiller WeldersESABHobart WeldersWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding Helmets & SafetyWelding HelmetsWelding & Safety ClothingWelding Gloves & Work GlovesBreathing ProtectionEye & Face ProtectionHearing ProtectionHead ProtectionWelding Blankets & ScreensSHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetySHOP ALL Welding Helmets & SafetyMiller Arc ArmorJackson Safety3M SpeedglasGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersGas Apparatus & CylindersCutting & Welding OutfitsGas RegulatorsCylindersBrazing & Soldering Torches & TipsHVAC Purge & Test EquipmentGas MixersOxy/Fuel AccessoriesSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSHOP ALL Gas Apparatus & CylindersSmith EquipmentVictor EquipmentTurboTorchWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesWelding AccessoriesMIG, TIG, Plasma Torches & PartsCarts, Running Gear and TrailersWelding ClampsWelding MagnetsHand ToolsWelding Tables And WorkbenchesWelding Cables & AccessoriesPower ProductsWelding Fume ExtractorsAbrasivesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesSHOP ALL Welding AccessoriesMiller AccessoriesTweco MIG & Manual ProductsStrong Hand ToolsWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeWelding Wire & ElectrodeMIG & Flux-Cored Welding WireTIG Welding WireTungsten ElectrodeStick ElectrodeBrazing AlloysGas Welding & Brazing Rod (Oxy/Fuel)SHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeSHOP ALL Welding Wire & ElectrodeHarris Filler MetalsHobart Filler MetalsDiamond Ground ProductsShop All BrandsShop All Brands
Register
Login


Home | About | Contact |



Free Shipping

On All Orders Over $25


























  



  
