

MILL CREEK VII INVESTORS LLC - LAKEWOOD RANCH, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



LAKEWOOD RANCH



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            MILL CREEK VII INVESTORS LLC
                                    



 





















M 


MILL CREEK VII INVESTORS LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



14400 COVENANT WAY LAKEWOOD RANCH, FL 34202
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts REX E JENSEN






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Investors, Nec. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Home Page
























Contact Us

Catherine Van Noy - Owner
540-818-7414
cvannoy@millcreekcreative.com

3628 Childress Road
Christiansburg, VA  24073
Memorable images 

Compelling rhetoric 

Savvy consensus building 

Strategic positioning





Home Page
Public Information/PR
Strategic Communications
Grants









 	
      Where ideas flow





Your Subtitle text











a Small- and Woman-owned Business










Mill Creek Creative, LLC is a strategic communications firm bringing vision, messaging, and creative narrative to elevate your project, product, and organizational goals.

We provide a wide range of services that help you communicate with your constituents whether these audiences are stakeholders, potential investors, funders, clients, or the public at large.










Content copyright . MILLCREEKCREATIVE.COM. All rights reserved.
















Mill Creek :: Welcome


























About
Our Team
Insights & Updates
Contact Us
Client Login
















new perspective on asset management
Mill Creek Capital Advisors is an independent and objective advisory firm founded to provide customized investment solutions, broad asset management, and client service.


high-touch integrated client service
Mill Creek Capital Advisors is an independent and objective advisory firm founded to provide customized investment solutions, broad asset management, and client service.


Tailored Investment Solutions
Mill Creek Capital Advisors is an independent and objective advisory firm founded to provide customized investment solutions, broad asset management, and client service.












Team OrientedCulture




About Us



Firm History
Approach
Strategy



Since our founding in 2006, we have served as an External Investment Department for private clients, foundations, endowments, and defined benefit pension plans.
In our role as Outsourced CIO, we formulate an investment policy, restructure the strategic asset allocation targets and ranges, recommend tactical asset allocation changes, and supervise specialist investment managers. We bring the structure, governance, and economies-of-scale used by the most sophisticated and successful multi-billion dollar investment offices to clients who either cannot or choose not to build, staff, and manage an internal investment department.

At a Glance


Founded in 2006
Independently Owned with no conflicts of interest or products to sell
Approximately $5 billion in assets under management
26 Professionals

Diversified base of Client Relations

Diversified base of Client Relationships, Including:
- Families
- Captive Insurance Companies
- Endowments and Foundations
- Pension Funds
Offices in Philadelphia, New York, Pittsburgh and Naples, Fl.

Core values

Respect
Integrity
Excellence
Accountability
Teamwork




Objective: To provide the highest level of investment advisory services, breadth of asset management capabilities and dedicated client service.
The Mill Creek Capital Difference
MCCA’s conflict-free structure, buying power, access to superior investment managers, experienced team, and strategic alliances ensure that our clients receive institutional-quality investment portfolios that deliver superior risk-adjusted returns along with outstanding levels of service for less than the fees they would otherwise pay to manage investments on their own.
We believe in proactive investment advisory and client service.  The interests of our clients come first always.  Through this process we construct efficient and transparent investment portfolios measurable with enhanced reporting functionalities and operational excellence.


Portfolio assets should be broadly diversified within and across asset classes and strategies.  Minimizing total portfolio costs (and taxes for taxable clients) is a critical aspect of the portfolio construction and evaluation process.
At MCCA, we believe in four key “building blocks” in our client portfolios:
Diversified portfolios should be constructed to take as little risk as possible in pursuit of long-term return objectives.
Return and risk objectives can be achieved most efficiently through well-researched and capably implemented strategic asset allocation decisions, tactical asset allocation decisions, and active portfolio management decisions.
We also believe that controlling the total costs incurred by clients is also critical to meeting their return objectives.  Often, portfolios are implemented using a blend of “active” and “index” strategies to maximize “net” returns.
Alternative Investments (hedge funds, real  assets & private equity) may play a role in the portfolio in certain market environment and client situations.  Institutional access to these strategies is critical.












Our Team

Leadership


 Thomas M. Chapin, CFA Joshua S. Gross Richard M. Lunsford, Jr., CFP® Richard W. Stevens, Esq


Partners


 Walter C. Harris, CFP® Michael H. Jordan Kevin J. Keating, CFA David J. Logan, CFA Brian A. Maxwell, CFA, AIF® Katie J. Thomas, CFP®


Investment Officers


 Robert M. Asklar, CFP® Sean M. Bannon, CFA, AIF® Patrick J. Burke, CFA, CPA, CFP® Marvin Devers III, CFA Eric J. Hayes Annie M. Penrose, CFP® Jaclyn Stumpo


Investment Strategy Team


 Kevin Doyle Thomas M. Chapin, CFA Joshua S. Gross Richard M. Lunsford, Jr., CFP® Richard W. Stevens, Esq Kevin J. Keating, CFA David J. Logan, CFA Claire Kendrick, Ph.D. Samuel O. McFall, CFA, CAIA Kevin P. Urban, CFA


Corporate Service


 Paul J. Ciccarelli Heather D'Andrea Dusko Jankovic Brian F. McNally, Esq. Joan L. Straus Stephen J. Waltrich











Tailored InvestmentSolutions




Insights & Updates

Weekly Investment Updates





Quarterly Investment Perspectives





Capital Markets Research





Mill Creek Capital Advisors in the News













Contact Us




Message
Send Message








Philadelphia Office

						Eight Tower Bridge
						161 Washington Street, Suite 1500
						Conshohocken, PA 19428
						(610) 941-7700 (main)
						(610) 941-9792 (fax) 


New York City Office
Rockefeller Center45 Rockefeller Plaza, Suite 2000New York, NY 10111(610) 608-7764 (main)



Pittsburgh Office

						Foster Plaza 10
						680 Andersen Drive, Suite 530
						Pittsburgh, PA 15220
						(412) 637-2111 (office fax)



Naples Office

						999 Vanderbilt Beach Rd, Suite 200
						Naples, FL 34108
						(239) 325-5000 (main)
						(610) 941-9792 (fax)









Copyright © 2017 Mill Creek Capital Advisors, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Awards listings, rankings and/or other recognition (collectively, “Awards”) by unaffiliated rating services and/or publications should not be construed by a client or prospective client as an assurance or guarantee that he/she will experience a certain level of investment performance or other results if Mill Creek Capital Advisors, LLC and/or its advisory personnel (collectively, “Mill Creek”) is engaged, or continues to be engaged, to provide investment advisory services, nor should it be construed as a current or past endorsement of Mill Creek by any of its clients. Awards published by magazines, and others, are independently granted, and may be based in part on information prepared and/or submitted by the recognized advisor.  Mill Creek applies for Awards when it deems a potential Award to be of benefit to its business; other investment advisors typically also apply for the Awards, although Mill Creek has no way of knowing the number of other investment advisors applying. Applicants for Awards are typically required to be registered as an investment adviser with the Securities & Exchange Commission, to have a certain minimum number of clients, to have been in business a minimum number of years, and to have assets under management of a specified amount or larger. Typical criteria for Awards include growth in assets under management in a specified period and/or total assets under management compared to other investment advisors or advisory representatives at a specified time. A more detailed explanation of the criteria used in making these Awards may be obtained from the rating services and/or publications themselves.  Neither Mill Creek nor any of its advisory personnel provide payments or other benefits to the ratings services and/or publications in return for the receipt of Awards, although Mill Creek may pay the ratings services and/or publications amounts for plaques, article reprints or other indicia of the Awards after the Awards have been received.  


Legal


















 




MILLCREEK INVESTORS FLA, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    MILLCREEK INVESTORS FLA, LLC











Company number L09000020372
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/24/2010
        

Date Of Incorporation 2/27/2009
        

Principal Address
            11555 HERON BLVD., 200, CORAL SPRINGS, FL, 33076
            


Mailing Address 11555 HERON BLVD., 200, CORAL SPRINGS, FL, 33076
        
MILLCREEK INVESTORS FLA, LLC Principals

Manager
                Tulepan Management Llc
                 


Address
                11555 HERON BLVD., STE. 200, CORAL SPRINGS, FL, 33076
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name TULEPAN MANAGEMENT, LLC (c)
        

Agent Address
                11555 HERON BLVD, CORAL SPRINGS, FL, 33076
                

MILLCREEK INVESTORS FLA, LLC Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/24/2010
            

Description
MILLCREEK INVESTORS FLA, LLC has been set up 2/27/2009 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The MILLCREEK INVESTORS FLA, LLC principal adress is 11555 HERON BLVD., 200, CORAL SPRINGS, FL, 33076. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 11555 HERON BLVD., 200, CORAL SPRINGS, FL, 33076. 
The company`s registered agent is TULEPAN MANAGEMENT, LLC 11555 HERON BLVD, CORAL SPRINGS, FL, 33076.  
The company`s management are Manager - Tulepan Management Llc. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/24/2010. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
MILL CREEK LANDING ASSOCIATION, INC.
MILL CREEK LITTLE LEAGUE, INC.
MILL CREEK, L.L.C.
MILL CREEK L.L.C.
MILL CREEK LLC
MILL CREEK, LTD.













MILL CREEK VII INVESTORS LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    MILL CREEK VII INVESTORS LLC











Company number L02000024946
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 450487877
        

Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/9/2010
        

Date Of Incorporation 9/24/2002
        

Principal Address
            13225 STATE ROAD 64 EAST, BRADENTON, FL, 34212
            


Mailing Address 13225 STATE ROAD 64 EAST, BRADENTON, FL, 34212
        
MILL CREEK VII INVESTORS LLC Principals

Manager
                D Urso Larry J
                 


Address
                13225 STATE ROAD 70 EAST, BRADENTON, FL, 34212
                 







Last Annual Reports

2015 2/12/2015
            

2015 2/12/2015
            

2014 4/21/2014
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name D'URSO              LAWRENCE      J (p)
        

Agent Address
                13225 STATE ROAD 64 EAST, BRADENTON, FL, 34212
                

MILL CREEK VII INVESTORS LLC Events

1 MERGER
            

Notes CORPORATION WAS A MERGER RESULT.
TOTAL NUMBER OF QUALIFIEDCORPORATION(S) INVOLVED WAS     1
            

Сonversion Or Merger Number 300000107373
            

filedDate 9/9/2010
            

Description
MILL CREEK VII INVESTORS LLC has been set up 9/24/2002 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The MILL CREEK VII INVESTORS LLC principal adress is 13225 STATE ROAD 64 EAST, BRADENTON, FL, 34212. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 13225 STATE ROAD 64 EAST, BRADENTON, FL, 34212. 
The company`s registered agent is D'URSO              LAWRENCE      J 13225 STATE ROAD 64 EAST, BRADENTON, FL, 34212.  
The company`s management are Manager - D Urso Larry J. The last significant event in the company history is MERGER which is dated by 9/9/2010. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 2/12/2015.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
MILL CREEK VILLAGE, INC.
MILL CREEK VINEYARDS (CORPORATION)
MILL CREEK WEST OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
MILL CREEK WOODS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
MILLCREEK WOODWURKS LLC
MILL CREK CREATIONS






















 













 




About Us - Millcreek Asset Management
















Prospect










Request Millcreek Performance Updates    







 
Millcreek Asset Management, LLC ("Millcreek") is an innovative investment management firm that offers quantitative, systematic and research-based investment strategies to qualified clients including: foundations, family offices, high net worth individuals and other institutional investors.
We seek to assist our clients in achieving absolute, double-digit returns on an annual or multi-annual basis.  Our strategies have been developed and historically tested in an effort to generate attractive returns even during years of significant market losses.  Millcreek's strategies are actively managed and are based on investor behavioral and market pricing patterns that have historically generated strong, long-term returns, while reducing downside risk.
Millcreek's experienced professionals have a singular focus on our clients and the pursuit of attractive investment strategies.  We measure our performance not based on short-term investment gains or losses, but on the long-term success of our clients and our investment strategies.
Request additional information or sign up for performance updates.



Millcreek's Philosophy and Approach



Millcreek's Beliefs



1.

Deliberate ApproachNot "Gut-Feel"
Millcreek believes a deliberate, historically tested and successful investment strategy is more likely to identify attractive investment opportunities than a “gut-feel”, historically untested approach to investing.



2.

Markets Are Inefficient(Particularly Short-Term)
Millcreek believes that markets are inefficient, particularly with respect to shorter time horizons.  Millcreek believes there are identifiable behavioral and pricing patterns, or tendencies, in the market.



3.

Risk Is Inherent to Investing and Cannot Be Eliminated
Millcreek believes that risk is inherent in the process of investing.  Millcreek seeks to intelligently address those risks inherent to its investment strategy, but understands that risk cannot be eliminated and strong returns should not be expected without also accepting the associated risk.




How Does Millcreek Define an Investment Strategy?


Identification and implementation of attractive investment opportunities
                                                        Millcreek seeks to identify attractive investment opportunities by testing potential strategies in an effort to identify those that have historically generated strong, long-term returns, while reducing downside risk. 
                                                    



Approach to addressing risk inherent in the chosen strategy
                                                        Because risk cannot be eliminated from investing, the most that investors can hope for is an intelligent approach to addressing risks inherent in the strategy.  Risk management is incorporated throughout Millcreek's investment process, including:  algorithm development, portfolio structuring and algorithm monitoring. 
                                                    





Active Investment Management


Millcreek creates strategies that are actively managed using a portfolio of algorithms that are created in an effort to exploit historical investor behavioral and market pricing patterns. These algorithms use current and recent market data to make daily adjustments to the portfolio based on the long-term, historical results of making similar adjustments in similar market circumstances.
Millcreek seeks to identify and profit from these historical investor behavioral and market pricing patterns by quantifying these patterns in a portfolio of proprietary algorithms.
Millcreek utilizes this portfolio of algorithms to dynamically, tactically and actively adjust its positions.



Additional information and performance updates are available upon request through our Contact page.




How Do Clients Typically Incorporate Millcreek’s Strategies?


Additional information and performance updates areavailable upon request through our Contact page.
Equity    Substitute / Satellite As part of a primary / core equity or satellite allocation because of the exposure of the underlying securities. 
Absolute    Return As part of an absolute return allocation because of Millcreek’s historically strong absolute returns.1 
Alternative / Special Situations A part of an alternative / special situations allocation because of the tactical, dynamic nature of the strategy. 
Portfolio    Diversifier As a portfolio diversifier because many of Millcreek's strategies exhibit relatively low beta and correlation to public indices.1 
Return    Enhancer As an overall return enhancer because of Millcreek’s historically strong absolute and relative returns.1 
1 Past performance is not a guarantee of future success.  Before investing, prospective investors should read and carefully consider the risks outlined in Millcreek's Form ADV, which is available upon request. Interested investors may request additional information on our Contact page.




Who Invests With Millcreek? Are There Minimum Investor Qualifications?

									Millcreek accommodates investors that meet Qualified Client criteria as defined under Rule 205-3 adopted under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act").  These criteria are generally described as at least $1 million under management with Millcreek or a net worth of at least $2 million, excluding any primary residence.  Some of these investors include: 





Foundations and Endowments
                                                Foundations and endowments are each unique and have specific goals and objectives.  Millcreek seeks to help foundations and endowments meet their giving and funding goals as a piece of their overall portfolio.  Foundations and endowments are ideal investors in Millcreek's strategy.  Not only can Millcreek help meet their objectives, but given Millcreek's active, tactical investment strategy, the tax preferred status of many foundations and endowments provides significant benefits to these investors. 1






Corporations and Other Institutions
                                                In recent years, many corporations and other institutional investors have had difficulty meeting their portfolio return objectives.  Furthermore, these investors are often looking for additional strategies that are different and provide diversification benefits to their existing investments.  Millcreek can often help.1   Millcreek accommodates corporations and other institutional investors, so long as they meet Qualified Client criteria. 
                                            





Self-directed 401(k) Plans, IRA’s, Retirement Trusts, and Individual Trusts
                                                Certainly everyone hopes that their investments will perform well, providing adequately for their retirement and in some cases for their posterity as well.  Millcreek believes that its strategies, in the context of a diversified portfolio, offer a compelling investment opportunity for individual investors to achieve their investment goals. 1








High Net Worth Investors, including IRA’s
                                                Millcreek's high net worth investors include successful individuals who are looking for an active, disciplined approach to investing.  Many of these investors have grown weary of "buy and hold" strategies and the failure of these strategies to adjust to and take advantage of current market conditions.
                                            





Other investors that meet qualified client criteria
                                                Millcreek's strategy should appeal to various types of investors for various reasons.  If you feel that Millcreek could benefit your portfolio, we would welcome the opportunity to discuss our strategies with you further.  In general, Millcreek is able to accommodate most investors that meet qualified client criteria (again, generally described as at least $1 million under management with Millcreek or a net worth of at least $2 million, excluding any primary residence, if applicable).
                                            




 Interested investors can request additional information or sign up for performance updates on our Contact page.
1 Past performance is not a guarantee of future success.  Before investing, prospective investors should read and carefully consider the risks outlined in Millcreek's Form ADV, which is available upon request. Interested investors may request additional information on our Contact page.




PAST PERFORMANCE SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED INDICATIVE OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE.  NOTHING CONTAINED ON THIS SITE MAY BE RELIED UPON AS A GUARANTEE, PROMISE, ASSURANCE, OR REPRESENTATION AS TO THE FUTURE.
Before investing, prospective investors should read and carefully consider the risks outlined in Millcreek's Form ADV, which is available upon request. Interested investors may request additional information on our Contact page.
Millcreek Asset Management LLC © 2015  





