






 New Product Launch Strategies in Financial Markets 




























































































        











No menu assigned!













New Product Launch Strategies in Financial Markets

By William Mills AgencyJuly 16, 2013Blog, Public Relations 




 No Comments


 0 
0        0    










Launching new products in the financial industry is something very different from introducing consumer packaged goods. To put it simply, marketing to banks isn’t like selling soda. Introducing technology solutions in highly-regulated industries, such as banking, come with unique challenges. However, using the proper communication strategies will make your marketing to the financial industry less daunting.
Choose the right team 
Chances are that your company will enlist a content marketing firm, public relations team or advertising agency when launching a new product. Keep in mind, however, that you probably won’t have the time or budget to spend teaching a generalist something that an expert already knows. Save yourself time, money and frustration by making sure that your agency already knows your audience and has established relationships with FINTECH media and financial industry associations.
Bring third party validation 
Unproven products and too much hype from vendors have made those in the financial industry skeptical of companies pushing new products. To be taken seriously, you need some level of third party validation, whether coming from customers or analysts. Allow for “beta customers” to use and test your product and then speak on your behalf. If beta customers don’t provide the results you are after, get the technology in front of an analyst who understands the industry.
Sell solutions not products 
When drafting messaging, remember that in order to be successful, you must make a clear case for why banks and credit unions should buy your new approach. Clearly state why your product is the best solution to a problem the financial industry is facing. Also, make sure to use positive customer experiences and key numbers to support your claims.
Leverage all the marketing tools you can
Selling to banks and credit unions can without a doubt be challenging. The financial industry is changing and there are more avenues to reach your audience than ever before. These executives are highly educated, skeptical and under incredible regulatory pressures. Don’t be afraid to leverage a wide array of marketing channels and tactics­—from public relations, blogging, SEO or digital-social strategy— to gain awareness and encourage engagement. With the proper team, multiple tactics, well articulated messaging and flawless execution, your company will successfully launch your new products in the financial industry.
For more information on this topic, download our free whitepaper, “Launching New Products in Financial Markets.”
[hs_action id=”3866″]
				
									
			








Leave a Reply Cancel Reply 
 Name * 
Email *
Website
 

 

 













Recent White Papers Bankers as Buyers 2017

CUSO Resource Guide

2017 Trade Show Directory
 


Latest Blogs How PR Can Provide Lift to Sales TeamsThe State of Financial Services: Why Fintech is Hotter than EverPR Insight: You launched a new product – now what?Public Relations Does Mean Something to Your Bottom LineSome Fintech Podcasts To Add To Your List








© 2015. William Mills Agency | Privacy Policy 



            










Services

Services
Public Relations
Marketing Services
Content Marketing
Crisis Communications


Who We Serve

Financial

Banking
Credit Union
Mortgage
Insurance


Technology

FinTech
Payments
Retail
Healthcare
Mobile


Associations
Startups


Case Studies
About

About
Management Team
About Our Founder
Timeline


Resources

Resources
News
Newsletters


Blog
Contact

Contact
Careers







 


























 









William Bounds Pro View Salt & Pepper Mills | Williams Sonoma























  





Skip Navigation












Pottery Barn
pottery barn kids
PBteen
west elm
Rejuvenation
Mark and Graham





 Williams Sonoma
 Williams Sonoma Home
 


Stores
Culinary Events & Classes
Track Your Order
 Gift Cards



My Account



Sign In
Or Create an Account >
Top Picks For You >
Track Your Order >









Cart








Checkout









  





Search














Registry
My Registry



Find a Registry
Create a Registry
Create a Registry
View Your Registry
Manage My Registry
Manage My Registry
Manage My Registries
Create a New Registry
Find a Registry
Checklist
Registry Benefits





Stores


Stores

Locate a Store
Store Events
Cooking Classes
Cookbook Club







Our Stores
Join us for a special event at your local store.

Find a Store




eCatalog
Blog

Recipes



Recipe Search
Recipe Box
Catalog Recipes

This Season

A Harvest Dinner at Noci Sonoma Farmstead
Destination: Italy
Discover California Wine Country
Campus Cooking Back-to-School Survival Guide
Cutout Cookie Central
Outdoor Grilling Guide
Guide to Making Great Salads
Guide to Cocktails
In Season Now
Chefs' Collective

Cooking Guides

The Ingredient Guide
Guide to Chocolate
Guide to Olive Oil
Guide to Pasta
Guide to Tea
Guide to Grains
Guide to Meat
Guide to Wine



Featured Chefs

Featured Chefs & Authors
Giada De Laurentiis
Michael Mina
Vikas Khanna
Charles Joly
Christopher Kimball
Vivian Howard
Ray Garcia
Sarah Simmons
Tyler Florence
Yotam Ottolenghi

Resources

Cooking Videos
Tips and Techniques
Entertaining Ideas
wsKids
#mywilliamssonoma




A Harvest Dinner at Noci Sonoma Farmstead
Our Open Kitchen collection brings a harvest dinner to the farm at Noci Sonoma in California's wine country.

Learn More




Wine Club
 
Gifts


Featured



Top Gifts




Gift Cards




Gift Sets




Top-Rated Gifts




Monogrammed Gifts




Gifts in Red




Gifts in Copper




Gifts in White



Gifts by Price



Under $25




Under $50




Under $100




Under $250




Gifts by Recipient



Cook




Griller




Baker




Entertainer




Wedding Gifts




Grad




For Her




For Him




Family




Kids




Wine Lover




Hostess




Coffee Lover




Gardener




Techie




Mixologist




Foodie




Business Gifts




DIY




Top Gifts by Category



Cookware




Cooks' Tools




Cutlery




Electrics




Bakeware




Food




Tabletop & Bar




Homekeeping




Décor




Outdoor




Agrarian








Give the perfect gift. Any occasion, any time.
Shop Now 



 New
Brands
Open Kitchen
 
Agrarian


Homegrown



Wreaths & Garlands




Raised Beds & Vertical Gardening




Planters & Pots




Garden Tools & Supplies




Plants & Trees




Seeds




Chicken Coops




Beekeeping




Compost



Homemade



DIY & Homemade Kits




Gift Crates




Canning & Preserving




Featured



New Arrivals




Agrarian Gifts




Top-Rated




Copper




Registry Favorites



Sale & Offers



Sale




   




Hand Crafted Botanical Wreaths
Shop Now 













  


< Return to 's Registry
< Return to Completion Program

Main Content Starts Here











Home





Cooks' Tools





Salt & Pepper Mills



William Bounds Pro View Salt & Pepper Mills








 


View Larger

Roll Over Image to Zoom





























Tweet





Pin It





















William Bounds Pro View Salt & Pepper Mills



 

Read Reviews












Select: 



Salt Mill




Pepper Mill




Set of 2









$75 –

$150 




QTY




Enter ZIP Code for a better delivery estimate.



X
Enter your ZIP Code for delivery and availability.






Go











Add to Cart


Add to Registry






Summary



 Designed with equal parts style and functionality, this mill performs impeccably in the kitchen or at the dining table, ensuring fresh flavor and a uniform texture.

Patented mechanism crushes – rather than grinds – the peppercorns.
Use the three-step adjustable ring to select your preferred consistency: coarse, medium or fine.
Acrylic viewing window near the bottom of the mill lets you see when it's time to refill.
Brushed-stainless-steel body.
High-output ceramic rotor.
Crafted in the USA by William Bounds, a family-owned company that has been making specialized kitchen tools of enduring quality for more than 40 years.





Dimensions & More Info



 
3" diam., 11" high.
Made in USA.





Use & Care



 Care

Wipe clean with a damp cloth.





Shipping



 Shipping Information
UPS can deliver most in-stock items within 4-5 business days. UPS is unable to deliver to P.O. boxes.

Shipping Rates
The shipping rate varies depending on your order total and shipping destination. View Shipping Options and Charges.
Next Day Delivery
For an additional charge of $17.50 per address, we can expedite delivery to most destinations. This service is not available for some oversize items, items shipped directly from the supplier (including perishable and custom-manufactured items), out-of-stock items and items to be shipped outside the contiguous 48 states.
Orders received by 9:00 p.m., Eastern time, Monday through Thursday will arrive the next business day; orders placed Friday through Sunday will arrive on the following Tuesday.
Return Policy
At Williams Sonoma, we take great pride in the quality and craftsmanship of our products. Attention to design, materials, safety and construction are our priority. Upon receipt, please inspect your purchase and notify us of any damage; we will arrange for a prompt replacement.
If within 30 days, you are dissatisfied for any reason, you may return your purchase for a refund of the merchandise value. An original receipt or gift receipt is required for all returns and exchanges. Returns with a gift receipt will be refunded in the form of a Merchandise Credit for the amount indicated on the gift receipt. Returns with original receipt will be refunded in the original form of payment, cash and check refunds over $100 will be issued as a company check (may take 14 business days from time of request).
For all cutlery returns (knife sets, single knives, cutting boards, knife sharpeners, and knife storage) please contact us at 888.922.4108 to initiate the return.
We cannot accept returns on monogrammed, personalized, special-order items, custom upholstery, food, items shipped direct from the vendor, or on items damaged through normal wear and tear. Final sale items ending in .97 or .99 cannot be returned.
Made to Order and Final Sale Furniture items are non-returnable, and cannot be cancelled once the order is placed.
For returns of items purchased from your Williams Sonoma Gift Registry, we will gladly provide a refund or exchange for the merchandise within 90 days of your event or within 90 days of purchase, whichever date is later. View Full Returns Policy.














 Give Us Feedback





















Rated 1 out of
5
 by
kallison from
Poor Quality
The acrylic part has cracks in it. The grinding mechanism doesn't fit together properly anymore and is always coming loose. I tried to return to WS and was told they would not take them back! Have kept using them but there must be something better available. A shame because I love the look of them and they are easy to keep nice looking because of the brushed stainless finish.
Date published: 2016-12-17





Rated 1 out of
5
 by
Andrea16 from
Do not Waste Your Money!
Do not buy this! The pepper mill broke after my husband's second use--the acrylic part has separated from the metal and cannot be re-aligned. Bad quality.
Date published: 2015-11-29






y_2017, m_7, d_25, h_9
bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1
cp_1, bvpage1
co_hasreviews, tv_0, tr_2
loc_en_US, sid_william-bounds-pro-view-salt-pepper-mills, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=SUBMISSION_TIME, direction=DESCENDING)]
clientName_williamssonoma



bvseo_sdk, java_sdk, bvseo-4.0.0
CLOUD, getReviews, 75ms
REVIEWS, PRODUCT












Related Searches

cooking salt keeper


pepper mill peugeot


salt mill peugeot


essential salt pepper shaker sets


salt and pepper mill set


chicken sauces




Related Products






Cole & Mason Electric Salt & Pepper Mills


With these battery-powered mills you can dispense salt ...


Quickview










Cole & Mason Electric Salt & Pepper Mills


Description:
With these battery-powered mills you can dispense salt
or pepper ground to your desired coarseness at the touch of a button. A mini light illuminates the area below the mill – handy for twilight grilling and candlelit dinners. Easy ...


View Product


[ x ] close










Hammered Copper Salt & Pepper Shakers


Bring the warmth and luster of copper to ...


Quickview










Hammered Copper Salt & Pepper Shakers


Description:
Bring the warmth and luster of copper to
your tabletop with our hand-hammered salt and pepper shakers. Perfect partners for a wide variety of tableware and linens, these essential accessories are elegant additions to gatherings year-round. Stainless steel with ...


View Product


[ x ] close










Le Creuset Stoneware Salt Crock by Ben Jacobsen


From Le Creuset, this countertop salt crock represents ...


Quickview










Le Creuset Stoneware Salt Crock by Ben Jacobsen


Description:
From Le Creuset, this countertop salt crock represents
a unique design collaboration with Ben Jacobsen of Jacobsen Salt – the Oregon company famed for its hand-harvested sea salts. Crafted of ultra-durable stoneware, it makes a fine culinary gift paired ...


View Product


[ x ] close










Le Creuset Stoneware Salt Crock


A vibrant accent for the countertop, this open ...


Quickview










Le Creuset Stoneware Salt Crock


Description:
A vibrant accent for the countertop, this open
container makes it easy to grab a pinch of salt when you're cooking. High-fired stoneware is exceptionally strong. Durable porcelain enamel-glaze finish is easy to clean and resists chips, scratches and ...


View Product


[ x ] close










Olivewood Salt Keeper


Beautiful and practical, this box keeps up to ...


Quickview










Olivewood Salt Keeper


Description:
Beautiful and practical, this box keeps up to
8 oz. of cooking salt within close reach. Handcrafted of richly grained olive wood with an oil finish, it has a swiveling magnetic lid for easy one-handed access. Carved from olive ...


View Product


[ x ] close














 
 























 William Mills 


















































































        











No menu assigned!












William Mills IIIChief Executive Officer






  











  



  






william@williammills.com














William Mills III is Chief Executive Officer and is a recognized leader in financial and technology marketing. He has been with the agency for 32 years and serves as lead consultant for the agency’s clients. William has personally advised more than 300 chief executives on marketing strategy, business development, mergers and acquisitions, company branding and public relations. Other responsibilities include agency financial management, client consulting and leading business development for the agency.
In addition to serving on the board of the William Mills Agency, William serves on the advisory board of Atlanta-based Sionic Mobile which provides mobile loyalty, payments and marketing services. He is the Chairman of Florida State University College of Communications & Information’s Advisory board and in the past William has served on the advisory board of Los Angeles-based SportsBlast and the board of directors for Beacon Software and Click Tactics. He has been quoted in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, and Entrepreneur magazine and his writings have appeared in a variety of publications. He has been a speaker at financial conferences including the Association for Financial Technology, Mortgage Bankers Association of America, Community Bankers Association of Georgia, Community Bankers Association of Alabama, The Lenders One Member Conference, multiple client user conferences and at various colleges and universities.
William received his Bachelor of Arts degree in communication from Florida State University. A Georgia native, he resides in Atlanta with his wife and is the father of two daughters and one granddaughter. William is an active musician, a runner, participates in community organizations and is a foster parent for children prior to their adoption.














Management Team
Eloise B. Mills | Chairman
William Mills III | Chief Executive Officer
Scott Mills | Principal, President
Michael Misoyianis | Chief Financial Officer
Catherine Laws | Executive Vice President
Blair Logan | Executive Vice President
Kelly Williams | Executive Vice President
Chuck Meyers | Vice President
David Jones | Group Director
Heather Sugg | Group Director
Mary York | Group Director
Jerry Goldstein | Marketing Advisor
Gregg Bauer | Executive Creative Director















Recent White Papers Bankers as Buyers 2017

CUSO Resource Guide

2017 Trade Show Directory
 


Latest Blogs How PR Can Provide Lift to Sales TeamsThe State of Financial Services: Why Fintech is Hotter than EverPR Insight: You launched a new product – now what?Public Relations Does Mean Something to Your Bottom LineSome Fintech Podcasts To Add To Your List








© 2015. William Mills Agency | Privacy Policy 



            










Services

Services
Public Relations
Marketing Services
Content Marketing
Crisis Communications


Who We Serve

Financial

Banking
Credit Union
Mortgage
Insurance


Technology

FinTech
Payments
Retail
Healthcare
Mobile


Associations
Startups


Case Studies
About

About
Management Team
About Our Founder
Timeline


Resources

Resources
News
Newsletters


Blog
Contact

Contact
Careers







 



























William Bounds Acrylic I!-Mill Jewel Pepper and Salt Mill - 6 Color 3.5 inch at FoodServiceDirect.com!


















Home









sign in or
      create account
my order status





Bulk Food
Paper Supplies
Janitorial Supplies
Kitchen Supplies
Dining Room Supplies
Bar Supplies
Takeout & Pizza Supplies
Restaurant Furniture
Specialty Food
0







Dining Room Supplies
 

Pepper MillsWilliam Acrylic Pepper and Salt MillsWilliam Bounds Acrylic I!-Mill Jewel Pepper and Salt Mill - 6 Color 3.5 inch



Last products viewed



William Bounds Acrylic I!-Mill Jewel Pepper and Salt Mill - 6 Color 3.5 inch
Product ID: IL00969 
William Bounds



"Thank you got what I ordered look just like the picture.  It arrived when it was suppose to.  Very pleased with my purchaseJ.R. (Raleigh NC)
"We were very satisfied with the service and the prdoduct.J. B. (Minneapolis MN)

 












William Bounds Acrylic I!-Mill Jewel Pepper and Salt Mill - 6 Color 3.5 inch
Product Id: IL00969


Sold as: Each
          Weight: 1 lbs


List Price: $210.00
          Savings: $69.45


Ships in 3 days $140.55

      Quantity:   Temp Out of Stock






Description


William BoundsMfg#: 00969

UPC-12: 013459009692UPC-10: 1345900969

These salt and pepper mills are made of a very thick acrylic with a touch of color. This gives the mills a fun look with a solid feel. One salt and one pepper of each color, colors include Rainbow, Ruby Red, Aquamarine, Citrine, Fire Opal, Peridot. In the world of spice and pepper mills, William Bounds products are in a class of their own. They add a touch of sophistication and elegance to your kitchen and dining room. And because you are using freshly ground spices, they also add wonderful flavoring to your food. Because of this unique design where there is no metal on metal grinding. . . We have never had to replace a single mill in over three-and-half decades!




Details

William Bounds Acrylic I!-Mill Jewel Pepper and Salt Mill - 6 Color, 3.5 inch -- 1 each.3-1/2 inch 




Hot products


Libbey Citation Goblet
product id: WELIB8456 
Glassware





Hollowicks Lime Green Square Block Stacked Glass Lamp Holder
product id: OW1501LGR 
Candles




Our commitment to you

				  We hope you are finding a great selection of William Bounds Acrylic I!-Mill Jewel Pepper and Salt Mill - 6 Color 3.5 inch at FoodServiceDirect.com.  We have satisfied over one hundred thousand customers since 1998.  How can we help you?  FoodServiceDirect.com has been supporting the foodservice industry since 1989 - when it comes to William Acrylic Pepper and Salt Mills or any of our other thousands of foodservice items, count on us for dependable delivery and secure shopping! 
      




 









Useful Information

About FoodserviceDirect
Our Terms of Sale
Our Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Manufacturers



Get in touch
Address:
      Foodservicedirect Inc.
      905 G Street
      Hampton, VA 23661
    



Hours:
        8am - 5pm m-f est
Facsimile: 757-244-4819
Email: [email protected]

Customer Support Chat




BBB Rating: A+
          Click for Review
      


 

 

















Launching New Products l William Mills Agency












































































Free White Paper: Launching New Products in Financial Markets





















Marketing to Banks - It Ain't Like Selling Soda


























How To Successfully Launch New Products in FINTECH Markets
Launching financial technology products like remote deposit capture is not the same as launching diet cola with lime. Get the strategies you need to market your products to banks, credit unions and other financial services providers.

Never go at it alone
Vet the help
Bankers buy solutions not products
Marketing in financial services is an AND proposition not an OR









































Recent White Papers
Bankers as Buyers 2017 

CUSO Resource Guide 

2017 Trade Show Directory 





Latest Blogs




How PR Can Provide Lift to Sales Teams




The State of Financial Services: Why Fintech is Hotter than Ever




PR Insight: You launched a new product – now what?




Public Relations Does Mean Something to Your Bottom Line




Some Fintech Podcasts To Add To Your List
































© 2015. William Mills Agency




Privacy Policy





  

 














































Heartfelt Sympathies Store | William Mills


























Send Flowers


Plant a Tree


Light a Candle


Donations








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of William Mills can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy
















 



Metal Fabricators | Hydroforming | Mills Products - Athens, TN

 
















 
Download Spec Sheet>Tubular stamping, a patented technique for creating tubular metal parts from flat stock, minimizes weight and cost. Read our white paper.►






engineered with imagination

Blog 
About Us 
News 
Careers 
Contact Us 
Request a Quote



(423) 745-9090













Toggle navigation





HomeMetal Forming ServicesTubular HydroformingTubular StampingRoll FormingDesign & EngineeringValued Added ServicesAssemblyCNC MachiningMetal FinishingMetal MachiningMetal ProductsOven Window AssemblyHandlesDecorative TrimStructural ComponentsIndustries ServedApplianceAutomotiveOffice FurnitureHeavy TruckMills AdvantageMetal Forming ProcessOur InnovationsNearshoring  





















 Hydroforming




 Tubular Stamping




 Roll Forming





Design & Engineering Services
Value Added Services












Mills Locations
 


	 

	Mills Products is a turnkey metal fabricator with a reputation for producing lightweight, aesthetically superior parts through hydroforming, tubular stamping and roll forming. Since 1945, major manufacturers have trusted us to make their components stronger, lighter and more economical.

9 STEP PROCESS

				We walk you through every step of our design process, from design & engineering to final assembly.
		  

See our design methods



METAL PRODUCTS

				We produce high quality, aesthetically-superior metal products using a wide range of metal forming processes.
		

See our metal products





 



Did You Know? Mills was the first to bring the "eye-level glass" oven door to the appliance industry
See other Mills Innovations







GUIDE TO HYDROFORMING

                Discover the potential of tubular hydroforming with this guide by hydroforming pioneers. Download Now





Intro to Tube Stamping
Learn more about this new technology that cuts costs by creating tubular parts from flat stock.Download Now





GET HANDLES HELP
See how we worked with our client to optimize production, saving them 40% on 5.3 million parts.Download Now










Headline of story one:  Launch of the website, new hire, new innovations all go here and scroll between news items...........................
 View Article





Mills Products 




Join our email list to receive the latest updates from Mills Products.













HOME
METAL FORMING SERVICES 
VALUE ADDED SERVICES
METAL PRODUCTS
INDUSTRIES SERVED
 MILLS ADVANTAGES
 ABOUT US 
 REQUEST A QUOTE 

 
 
 
 

Purchasing Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions| Mills Products Copyright 2017



















General Mills - Wikipedia






















 






General Mills

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Washburn Crosby Company)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



General Mills, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: GIS
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Food processing


Founded
June 20, 1856; 161 years ago (1856-06-20)
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.


Founders
Cadwallader C. Washburn, John Crosby, James Ford Bell


Headquarters
Golden Valley, Minnesota, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kendall J. Powell
(Chairman and CEO)


Products
Baking mixes, breakfast cereals, yogurt, refrigerated dough, soup, pizza, snack foods, ice cream, soy products, vegetables, flour, and other food products


Revenue
 US$ 16.6 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$ 2.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Profit
 US$ 1.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 21.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$ 4.9 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Number of employees

39,000 (2014)[1]


Website
www.generalmills.com


General Mills, Inc., is an American multinational manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores. It is headquartered in Golden Valley, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis. The company markets many well-known North American brands, such as Annie's Homegrown, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Colombo, Totino's, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Häagen-Dazs, Cheerios, Trix, Cocoa Puffs, and Lucky Charms. Its brand portfolio includes more than 89 other leading U.S. brands and numerous category leaders around the world.[2]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Washburn-Crosby Company
1.2 Founding
1.3 Merchandising and television sponsorships
1.4 Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division
1.5 Diversification: toys and restaurants
1.6 Recent history
1.7 Engineering milestones


2 Corporate governance
3 Change to legal terms
4 Company brands

4.1 Breakfast cereals

4.1.1 Discontinued cereals


4.2 Baking goods
4.3 Grain snacks
4.4 Meal products
4.5 Organic food
4.6 Other brands


5 Company locations
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]




Advertisement, late 1880s


Washburn-Crosby Company[edit]
The company can trace its history to the Minneapolis Milling Company, incorporated in 1856.[3] The company was founded by Illinois Congressman Robert Smith, who leased power rights to mills operating along the west side of Saint Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Cadwallader C. Washburn acquired the company shortly after its founding and hired his brother William D. Washburn to assist in the company's development. In 1866 the Washburns got into the business themselves, building the Washburn "B" Mill at the falls. At the time, the building was considered to be so large and output so vast that it could not possibly sustain itself. However, the company succeeded, and in 1874 he built the even bigger Washburn "A" Mill.
In 1877 the mill entered a partnership with John Crosby to form the Washburn-Crosby Company, producing Winter Wheat Flour. That same year Washburn sent William Hood Dunwoody to England to open the market for spring wheat.[4] Dunwoody was successful and became a silent partner.
In 1878 the "A" mill was destroyed in a flour dust explosion along with five nearby buildings. The ensuing fire led to the death of 18 workers.[5] Construction of a new mill began immediately. Not only was the new mill safer but it also was able to produce a higher quality flour after the old grinding stones were replaced with automatic steel rollers, the first ever used.
In 1880 Washburn-Crosby flour brands won gold, silver and bronze medals at the Millers' International Exhibition in Cincinnati, causing them to launch the Gold Medal flour brand.[6]
In 1924 the company stepped in to take over a failing Twin Cities radio station, WLAG, renaming it WCCO (from Washburn-Crosby Company).
Founding[edit]
General Mills itself was created in June 1928[7] when Washburn-Crosby President James Ford Bell directed his company to merge with 26 other mills.
In 1928, General Mills acquired the Wichita Mill and Elevator Company of the industrialist Frank Kell of Wichita Falls, Texas. With the sale, Kell acquired cash plus stock in the corporation.[8]




Postcard image of the Gold Medal Flour factory in Minneapolis around 1900


Merchandising and television sponsorships[edit]
Beginning in 1929, General Mills products contained box top coupons, known as Betty Crocker coupons, with varying point values, which were redeemable for discounts on a variety of housewares products featured in the widely distributed Betty Crocker catalog. The coupons and the catalog were discontinued by the company in 2006. A similar program, Box Tops for Education, in which coupon icons clipped off various General Mills products can be redeemed by schools for cash, started in 1996 and is still active.[9]
General Mills became the sponsor of the popular radio show The Lone Ranger in 1941. The show was then brought to television, and, after 20 years, their long-term sponsorship came to an end in 1961.




Former site of General Mills today on the Mississippi River at Minneapolis


Beginning in 1959, General Mills sponsored the Rocky and His Friends television series, later known as The Bullwinkle Show. Until 1968, Rocky and Bullwinkle were featured in a variety of advertisements for General Mills. General Mills was also a sponsor of the Saturday-morning cartoons from the Total TeleVision productions studio, including Tennessee Tuxedo.[10] The company also was a sponsor of the ABC western series The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp, starring Hugh O'Brian.
Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division[edit]
In 1946 General Mills established their Aeronautical Research Division with chief engineer Otto C. Winzen. This division developed high altitude balloons in conjunction with the United States Navy Office of Naval Research (ONR), such as the Skyhook balloon.[11]
The General Mills Electronics division developed the DSV Alvin submersible, which is notable for being used in investigating the wreck of Titanic among other deep-sea exploration missions.[12]
Diversification: toys and restaurants[edit]
The first venture General Mills took into the toy industry was in 1965. The company bought Rainbow Crafts, which was the manufacturer of Play-Doh. General Mills' purchase of the company was substantial because it brought production costs down and tripled the revenue.
General Mills came out with their "Monster Cereals" in the 1970s. The cereals are now produced and sold seasonally around Halloween.[13]
In 1970, General Mills acquired a five-unit restaurant company called Red Lobster and expanded it nationwide. Soon, a division of General Mills titled General Mills Restaurants developed to take charge of the Red Lobster chain. In 1980, General Mills acquired the California-based Good Earth health food restaurant chain.[14] GM eventually converted the restaurants into other chain restaurants they were operating, such as Red Lobster.[15][16] In 1982, General Mills Restaurants founded a new Italian-themed restaurant chain called Olive Garden. Another themed restaurant, China Coast, was added before the entire group was spun off to General Mills shareholders in 1995 as Darden Restaurants.
During the same decade, General Mills ventured further, starting the General Mills Specialty Retail Group. They acquired two clothing and apparel companies, Talbots and Eddie Bauer. The acquisition was short-lived. Talbots was purchased by a Japanese company, then known as JUSCO, and the Spiegel company purchased Bauer. Spiegel later declared bankruptcy, yet Bauer still remains, albeit in a smaller presence in the United States today.




Washburn "A" Mill, the producer of Gold Medal Flour, now the Minnesota Historical Society Mill City Museum


From 1976 to 1985, General Mills went to court as the parent company of Parker Brothers, which held the rights on the brand name and gaming idea of the board game Monopoly, claiming that the so-called Anti-Monopoly game of an economics professor infringed their trademark. The dispute extended up to the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled against them, saying that while they have exclusive rights to the game Monopoly, they can not prevent others from using the word "monopoly" in the name of a game.
In 1985, General Mills' toy division was separated from its parent as Kenner Parker Toys, Inc. There were many potential acquirers of the business but it was floated on the stock exchange with General Mills' shareholders getting equivalent shares in Kenner Parker. This was more tax efficient for General Mills.[17]
Recent history[edit]
In 1990, a joint venture with Nestlé S.A. called Cereal Partners was formed[18] which markets cereals (including many existing General Mills cereal brands) outside the US and Canada under the Nestlé name.
In 2001, the company purchased Pillsbury from Diageo, although it was officially described as a "merger".
Since 2004, General Mills has been producing more products targeted to the growing ranks of health-conscious consumers. The company has chosen to switch its entire breakfast cereal line to whole grain. The company also started manufacturing their child-targeted cereals with less sugar.[19][20] General Mills has reduced the level of sugar to all cereals advertised to children to 11 grams per serving.[21] The company's recent marketing to children included the advergame Millsberry, a virtual city that included games featuring General Mills products. The site launched in August 2004 and ran through December 2010.[citation needed]
In April, 2011 General Mills announced that it will switch all 1 million eggs it uses each year to cage-free.[22]
General Mills was ranked #181 on the 2012 Fortune 500 list of America's largest corporations,[23] 161 in 2015 and was the third-largest food consumer products company in the United States.[24] During June 2012, the company's vice-president for diversity stated that General Mills opposes a Minnesota amendment banning gay marriage, stating that the company values "inclusion".[25] The company received positive feedback for its stand which might attract people to its global workforce.[26]
The company announced in September 2014 that it would acquire organic food producer Annie’s Inc. for a fee of around $820 million, as part of its strategy to expand in the US natural foods market.[27] In October 2014, General Mills announced plans to cut 700 to 800 jobs, mostly in U.S., in corporate restructuring planned to be completed by the end of 2015.[28]
In 2015, citing climate change, General Mills promised to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 28 percent over 10 years.[29][30] In December 2016, the company announced it would be restructuring, splitting into four business groups based on global region, and cutting as many as 600 jobs.[31]
Engineering milestones[edit]




General Mills' corporate campus in Golden Valley, Minnesota.



1930s: General Mills engineer, Thomas R. James, creates the puffing gun, which inflates or distorts cereal pieces into puffed up shapes. This new technology was used in 1937 to create Kix cereal and in 1941 to create Cheerioats (known today as Cheerios).
1939: General Mills engineer Helmer Anderson creates the Anderson sealer. This new device allowed for bags of flour to be sealed with glue instead of just being tied with a string.
1956: General Mills creates the tear-strip for easily opening packages.

Corporate governance[edit]
As of April 2010[update], the company's management included:[32]

Kendall J. Powell –  Chief Executive Officer; Chairman of the Board
Y. Marc Belton: Executive Vice President, Worldwide Health, Brand and New Business Development
John Church –  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain
Jacqueline R. Williams-Roll –  Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources
Peter C. Erickson –  Senior Vice President, Innovation, Technology and Quality
Ian R. Friendly –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Retail
Donal L. Mulligan –  Executive Vice President; Chief Financial Officer
Christopher D. O'Leary –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, International
Roderick A. Palmore –  Executive Vice President; General Counsel, Chief Compliance and Risk Management Officer
Jeffrey J. Rotsch –  Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Channel Development
Christina L. Shea –  Senior Vice President, External Relations; President, General Mills Community Action and Foundation

Change to legal terms[edit]
In April 2014, the company announced that it had changed its legal terms on its website to introduce an arbitration clause requiring all disputes with General Mills to be resolved in small claims court or arbitration and not as a participant in a class action.[33][34] The change was made shortly after a judge's March 26, 2014 denial of a motion to dismiss a class action regarding the marketing of the company's Nature Valley brand products.[34] Users would be deemed to accept the terms by interacting with General Mills on its website in various ways, such as downloading coupons, subscribing to newsletters, or participating in Internet forums hosted on the website.[35][36] The New York Times stated that the agreement could be interpreted to additionally construe purchasing General Mills products at a grocery store or liking the company's Facebook page as assent to the terms;[33] General Mills disclaimed that interpretation, calling it a "mischaracterization".[36][37][38] The change in terms resulted in a massive backlash of protests via consumer groups and social media, and General Mills reverted the terms back to the original content after only a few days.[39]
Company brands[edit]
Breakfast cereals[edit]
General Mills's breakfast cereals include:


Basic 4
Boo-Berry
Cheerios and its variants
Chex and its variants
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Curves[40]
Fiber One
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch[41]
Gold Flakes
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Clusters
Kix
Lucky Charms
Oatmeal Crisp
Peanut Butter Toast Crunch[42]
Raisin Nut Bran
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties


Some brands are marketed outside the US and Canada by the Cereal Partners joint venture using the Nestlé brand.[18]
Discontinued cereals[edit]
General Mills cereals no longer manufactured include:


Banana Wackies / Wackies (introduced 1965; discontinued 1968)[43]
Baron Von Redberry and Sir Grapefellow (introduced 1972, discontinued 1975)[44]
Benefit (which contained psyllium, an Indian-grown grain used as a laxative and cholesterol-reducer)[45]
Body Buddies (introduced 1979; two flavors, Brown Sugar & Honey and Natural Fruit Flavor)[46]
Buc Wheats[46]
Buñuelitos ("Sweetened corn puffs with cinnamon and a touch of honey... Traditional south of the border flavor made right here in the U.S.A.")[47]
Chocolate Flavor Donutz (introduced 1982; discontinued 1984)
Circus Fun[48]
Clackers (introduced 1968; discontinued 1973)[49] - graham cracker-flavored
Clusters (introduced 1987)[50]
Country Corn Flakes (introduced 1961)[51]
Crazy Cow A chocolate corn cereal which resmbles cocoa puffs (introduced 1978, discontinued, 1980)[52]
Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins (introduced 1980)[53]
E.T. Cereal (introduced 1984, discontinued 1986)[54]
Fingos ("The Cereal Made to Eat with Your Fingers")[54]
Frosty O's (introduced 1959; discontinued 1979)[55]
Fruit Brute (introduced 1974; discontinued 1982) [56]
Fruity Yummy Mummy[57]
Goodness Pack, an assortment of eight single-serving boxes of different cereals,[58] designed to compete with Kellogg's and Post Cereals assortments
Harmony[59]
Hi-Pro (introduced 1958; discontinued 1964)
Hidden Treasures[54]
Ice Cream Cones Cereal (Vanilla and Chocolate Chip flavors)[54]
Jets (formerly Sugar Jets; discontinued 1974) (with Rocky and Bullwinkle as mascots)[60]
Jurassic Park Crunch[61]
Kaboom (introduced 1969)
Looney Tunes: Back in Action
Millenios from Cheerios[62]
Mr. Wonderful's Surprise ("Only Cereal with a Creamy Chocolate Filling")[63]
Monopoly Cereal[46]
Neopets Islandberry Crunch (based on the Neopets online virtual pet community)[64]
Pac-Man Cereal[65]
Powdered Donutz (introduced 1981; discontinued 1984)[54]
Princess Fairytale Flakes[66]
Ripple Crisp[61]
Rocky Road[54]
S'Mores Grahams / S'Mores Crunch[54]
Sprinkle Spangles[54]
Star Wars Episode II (based on the 2002 film Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones)[67]
Strawberry Shortcake[54]
Sugar Jets (introduced 1954) [68]
Sunrise Organic[69]
Triples (introduced 1991)[61]
Twinkles (introduced 1960; discontinued 1973) [70]
USA Olympic Crunch (a tie-in with the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan)[71]
Wheat Hearts (with Peabody and Sherman as mascots)[72]
Wheaties Dunk-a-Balls[61]
Wheat Stax (introduced 1966; discontinued 1971) ("Now there's a cereal you can stack")[73]


Baking goods[edit]
The company's baking-goods brands include:


Betty Crocker
Bisquick (now a Betty Crocker brand)
Gold Medal Flour
Jus-Rol
Knack & Back
La Salteña
Pillsbury
V. Pearl


It also produces fruit snacks, including Fruit by the Foot, Fruit Gushers, Fruit Roll-Ups, and Fruit Shapes.
Grain snacks[edit]
The company's grain-snack brands include:


Bugles
Cascadian Farms
Chex Mix
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Fiber One bars


Meal products[edit]
The company's meal products brands include:


Betty Crocker
Diablitos Underwood
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Wanchai Ferry


Organic food[edit]
It also produces organic foods, via Cascadian Farm, which they took over when they bought Small Planet Foods, and Muir Glen. More recently, as of 2014, it has purchased Annie's Homegrown.
Other brands[edit]
Other company brands include Annie's, Frescarini, Latina, Totino's, Jeno's, Progresso, Columbo, and Yoplait (51%). It also produces Häagen-Dazs ice cream outside of the US. General Mills acquired the meat-based brand Epic Provisions in 2016.[74]
Company locations[edit]
As of 25 May 2008[update], 79 facilities for the production of a wide variety of food products were in operation.[75] Of these facilities, 49 are located in the US, 12 in the Asia/Pacific region (8 of which are leased), 5 in Canada (2 of which are leased), 7 in Europe (3 of which are leased), 5 in Latin America and Mexico, and one in South Africa.[76]
Principal production facilities are located in:


Albuquerque, New Mexico
Belvidere, Illinois
Buffalo, New York
Carlisle, Iowa
Carson, California
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Cincinnati, Ohio
Covington, Georgia
Golden Valley, Minnesota
Great Falls, Montana
Hannibal, Missouri
Irapuato, Mexico
Kansas City, Missouri
Lodi, California
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Murfreesboro, Tennessee
New Albany, Indiana
Reed City, Michigan
Vineland, New Jersey
Wellston, Ohio
West Chicago, Illinois


International bakeries and food service facilities are in:


Arras, France
Berwick, United Kingdom
Cagua, Venezuela
Guangzhou, China
Rooty Hill, Australia
Mt. Waverley, Australia
San Adrian, Spain


The company also has a Global Business Solutions (GBS) division in Mumbai, India. Its prominent brand in India is Pillsbury although it has opened a premium ice cream parlour of Häagen Dazs ice cream in Delhi and Mumbai.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies
List of Minnesota companies

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Fiscal 2016 Form 10-K" (PDF). 
^ "Nourishing Lives". General Mills.
^ "Mill City Timeline". millcitymuseum.org. Retrieved 13 Sep 2014. 
^ "The Story of a Grain of Wheat". Angelfire.
^ "Washburn 'A' Mill Explosion". History Topics. Minnesota Historical Society. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Gray, James (1954). Business without Boundary: The Story of General Mills. University of Minnesota Press. p. 36. LCCN 54-10286. 
^ "General Mills 150 - Making Food People Love". GeneralMills.com. Retrieved 2016-04-05. 
^ "J. W. Williams, "Frank Kell"". tshaonline.org. Retrieved April 16, 2013. 
^ General Mills Inc. "Box Tops for Education Homepage". 
^ "Whatever Happened to Total TeleVision productions?". Hogan's Alley. 
^ "The "daddy" of the balloon industry". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "Our connection to Alvin". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ Morioka, Lynne (Aug 20, 2013). "The return of two General Mills monsters". Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces purchase of Good Earth Restaurant chain". Lakeland Ledger. Nov 8, 1980. 
^ Akst, Daniel (1986-03-11). "Brothers Plan Growth for Good Earth Chain - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-06-05. 
^ "February Openings Set For Theme Restaurants". The Daytona Beach News-Journal. October 9, 1982. 
^ Ward, Arthur(2009), The Boys' Book of Airfix London: Ebury Press (Ebury Publishing).
^ a b "About us – Nestle Cereals". Cereal Partners UK. 
^ Horovitz, Bruce (September 30, 2004). "Cereals go whole grain". USA Today. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ "General Mills: Our History". General Mills.
^ "General Mills to Cut Sugar in Kids' Cereals". Alegent Health System.
^ "General Mills Announces New Cage-Free Egg Commitment" (Press release). Humane Society. 20 April 2011. Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Full List". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Industries". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Staff (June 14, 2012). "General Mills against amendment banning gay marriage". MSNBC. Retrieved August 24, 2012.
^ Brucato, Cyndy (June 18, 2012). "Why General Mills didn't get hammered for speaking out on marriage amendment". MinnPost.com. Retrieved August 24, 2012. 
^ General Mills to buy organic food producer Annie's for $820 million. Reuters, 9 September 2014
^ "General Mills plans to cut about 700 to 800 jobs". USA Today. Retrieved October 1, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces new commitment on climate change" (Press release). General Mills. August 30, 2015. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ Behr, Jonathan (September 3, 2015). "Why General Mills is tackling global warming". CBS News. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ "General Mills Plans to Cut 600 Jobs in Global Restructuring". Fortune. 2016-12-05. Retrieved 2016-12-09. 
^ "General Mills: Biographies". General Mills.
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-16). "When ‘Liking’ a Brand Online Voids the Right to Sue". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Weiss, Debra Cassens (2014-04-17). "Buying a General Mills product eliminates the right to sue, according to online legal terms". ABAJournal. American Bar Association. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Sherman, Erik (2014-04-18). "General Mills adds legal fine print that raises questions". CBS News. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-17). "General Mills Amends New Legal Policies". New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Gray, Jeff (2014-04-19). "General Mills abandons controversial legal policy to strip consumers of rights". The Globe And Mail. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Foster, Kirstie (2014-04-19). "We’ve listened – and we’re changing our legal terms back". generalmills.com. General Mills. Retrieved 9 December 2014. 
^ Murphy, Esme (2014-04-20). "Talking Points: General Mills Reverses Lawsuit Change". CBS Minnesota. WCCO-TV. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ "Curves Honey Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Gregory Wallace (December 8, 2014). "French Toast Crunch cereal is back". CNNMoney. 
^ "Peanut Butter Toast Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1965 General Mills Banana Wackies cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). March 19, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ 1972 Baron Von Redberry cereal w/iron-on patches promotion TV commercial. April 8, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Benefit Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ a b c "A Tribute to Discontinued Cereals". Gunaxin Grub. 
^ "Bunuelitos Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1986 General Mills Circus Fun cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ VINTAGE TV COMMERCIAL - CLACKERS CEREAL - MAN TRYING TO KARATE CHOP A CLACKERS BOX. November 30, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ "Clusters Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Country Corn Flakes Commercial (1963). September 12, 2008 – via YouTube. 
^ 1978 Crazy Cow Cereal TV commercial. November 8, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ 1986 General Mills Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "54 Cereals We Loved and Lost - A Tribute". Urlesque. Archived from the original on March 2, 2012. 
^ FROSTY O'S CEREAL COMMERCIAL 1966. March 15, 2010 – via YouTube. 
^ FRUIT BRUTE! The First one!. July 19, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ First Yummy Mummy!. May 23, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ 1959 General Mills Cereal Commercials Rocky and Bullwinkle 2. January 14, 2014 – via YouTube. 
^ "Harmony Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Rocky and Bullwinkle for Jets Cereal - Boxing. June 30, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d "26 Cereals From The '90s You'll Never Be Able To Eat Again". BuzzFeed. 
^ "Millenios Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Chiller - Scary Good". 
^ "Neopets Islandberry Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Pac-Man cereal commercial (early 80's). December 14, 2006 – via YouTube. 
^ "Princess Fairytale Flakes Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Star Wars Episode II Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1964 Sugar Jets cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). January 22, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "Sunrise Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1960's General Mills Twinkles Cereal and Cartoon Commercial. May 13, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "USA Olympic Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ VINTAGE WHEAT HEARTS CEREAL COMMERCIAL - MR. PEABODY & HIS "PET BOY" SHERMAN. September 20, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Wheat Stax Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "General Mills, craving organic meat snacks, buys Epic Provisions". TheStreet. Retrieved 2016-03-05. 
^ General Mills SEC Form 10K, filed July 11, 2008.
^ "FORM 10-K". Sec.gov. Retrieved 2014-02-09. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Official website –  Canada
Official recipe website –  Canada



Business data for General Mills: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


General Mills



Historical figures



Cadwallader C. Washburn
Charles Alfred Pillsbury
James Ford Bell
William de la Barre
Adelaide Hawley Cumming










Cereals



Boo-Berry
Cheerios
Chex
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Cheerios
Honey Nut Clusters
Kaboom
Kix
Lucky Charms
Nesquik
Oatmeal Crisp
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties





Brands



Betty Crocker
Green Giant
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Progresso
Totino's
Wanchai Ferry





Pillsbury



Jus-Rol
Pillsbury
Toaster Strudel





Snacks



Bugles
Chex Mix
Fruit by the Foot
Fruit Gushers
Fruit Roll-Ups
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Shark Bites





Dairy



Go-Gurt
Häagen-Dazs
Liberté
Yoplait





Baking



Betty Crocker
Bisquick
Gold Medal Flour





Natural and organic



Annie's Homegrown
Cascadian Farms
Food Should Taste Good
Lärabar





Former



Colombo Yogurt
Pet, Inc.
Squeezit





Other



Betty Crocker Kitchens
Cereal Partners Worldwide
The General Mills Radio Adventure Theater
Mill City Museum
Pillsbury Bake-Off
Pillsbury Doughboy





Key innovations



DSV Alvin
Hazard analysis and critical control points
Project Strato-Lab
Skyhook balloon
Space food












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140708541
LCCN: n79091443
ISNI: 0000 0000 9541 1590
GND: 16122226-2










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=General_Mills&oldid=790884096"					
Categories: General Mills1856 establishments in Minnesota TerritoryBreakfast cereal companiesCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFood manufacturers of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesAmerican companies established in 1856Hennepin County, MinnesotaManufacturing companies based in MinnesotaMultinational food companiesBaking mixesFood product brandsFood and drink companies established in 1856Hidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from March 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2010All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2008Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSvenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 19:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









General Mills - Wikipedia






















 






General Mills

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Washburn Crosby Company)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



General Mills, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: GIS
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Food processing


Founded
June 20, 1856; 161 years ago (1856-06-20)
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.


Founders
Cadwallader C. Washburn, John Crosby, James Ford Bell


Headquarters
Golden Valley, Minnesota, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kendall J. Powell
(Chairman and CEO)


Products
Baking mixes, breakfast cereals, yogurt, refrigerated dough, soup, pizza, snack foods, ice cream, soy products, vegetables, flour, and other food products


Revenue
 US$ 16.6 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$ 2.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Profit
 US$ 1.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 21.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$ 4.9 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Number of employees

39,000 (2014)[1]


Website
www.generalmills.com


General Mills, Inc., is an American multinational manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores. It is headquartered in Golden Valley, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis. The company markets many well-known North American brands, such as Annie's Homegrown, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Colombo, Totino's, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Häagen-Dazs, Cheerios, Trix, Cocoa Puffs, and Lucky Charms. Its brand portfolio includes more than 89 other leading U.S. brands and numerous category leaders around the world.[2]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Washburn-Crosby Company
1.2 Founding
1.3 Merchandising and television sponsorships
1.4 Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division
1.5 Diversification: toys and restaurants
1.6 Recent history
1.7 Engineering milestones


2 Corporate governance
3 Change to legal terms
4 Company brands

4.1 Breakfast cereals

4.1.1 Discontinued cereals


4.2 Baking goods
4.3 Grain snacks
4.4 Meal products
4.5 Organic food
4.6 Other brands


5 Company locations
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]




Advertisement, late 1880s


Washburn-Crosby Company[edit]
The company can trace its history to the Minneapolis Milling Company, incorporated in 1856.[3] The company was founded by Illinois Congressman Robert Smith, who leased power rights to mills operating along the west side of Saint Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Cadwallader C. Washburn acquired the company shortly after its founding and hired his brother William D. Washburn to assist in the company's development. In 1866 the Washburns got into the business themselves, building the Washburn "B" Mill at the falls. At the time, the building was considered to be so large and output so vast that it could not possibly sustain itself. However, the company succeeded, and in 1874 he built the even bigger Washburn "A" Mill.
In 1877 the mill entered a partnership with John Crosby to form the Washburn-Crosby Company, producing Winter Wheat Flour. That same year Washburn sent William Hood Dunwoody to England to open the market for spring wheat.[4] Dunwoody was successful and became a silent partner.
In 1878 the "A" mill was destroyed in a flour dust explosion along with five nearby buildings. The ensuing fire led to the death of 18 workers.[5] Construction of a new mill began immediately. Not only was the new mill safer but it also was able to produce a higher quality flour after the old grinding stones were replaced with automatic steel rollers, the first ever used.
In 1880 Washburn-Crosby flour brands won gold, silver and bronze medals at the Millers' International Exhibition in Cincinnati, causing them to launch the Gold Medal flour brand.[6]
In 1924 the company stepped in to take over a failing Twin Cities radio station, WLAG, renaming it WCCO (from Washburn-Crosby Company).
Founding[edit]
General Mills itself was created in June 1928[7] when Washburn-Crosby President James Ford Bell directed his company to merge with 26 other mills.
In 1928, General Mills acquired the Wichita Mill and Elevator Company of the industrialist Frank Kell of Wichita Falls, Texas. With the sale, Kell acquired cash plus stock in the corporation.[8]




Postcard image of the Gold Medal Flour factory in Minneapolis around 1900


Merchandising and television sponsorships[edit]
Beginning in 1929, General Mills products contained box top coupons, known as Betty Crocker coupons, with varying point values, which were redeemable for discounts on a variety of housewares products featured in the widely distributed Betty Crocker catalog. The coupons and the catalog were discontinued by the company in 2006. A similar program, Box Tops for Education, in which coupon icons clipped off various General Mills products can be redeemed by schools for cash, started in 1996 and is still active.[9]
General Mills became the sponsor of the popular radio show The Lone Ranger in 1941. The show was then brought to television, and, after 20 years, their long-term sponsorship came to an end in 1961.




Former site of General Mills today on the Mississippi River at Minneapolis


Beginning in 1959, General Mills sponsored the Rocky and His Friends television series, later known as The Bullwinkle Show. Until 1968, Rocky and Bullwinkle were featured in a variety of advertisements for General Mills. General Mills was also a sponsor of the Saturday-morning cartoons from the Total TeleVision productions studio, including Tennessee Tuxedo.[10] The company also was a sponsor of the ABC western series The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp, starring Hugh O'Brian.
Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division[edit]
In 1946 General Mills established their Aeronautical Research Division with chief engineer Otto C. Winzen. This division developed high altitude balloons in conjunction with the United States Navy Office of Naval Research (ONR), such as the Skyhook balloon.[11]
The General Mills Electronics division developed the DSV Alvin submersible, which is notable for being used in investigating the wreck of Titanic among other deep-sea exploration missions.[12]
Diversification: toys and restaurants[edit]
The first venture General Mills took into the toy industry was in 1965. The company bought Rainbow Crafts, which was the manufacturer of Play-Doh. General Mills' purchase of the company was substantial because it brought production costs down and tripled the revenue.
General Mills came out with their "Monster Cereals" in the 1970s. The cereals are now produced and sold seasonally around Halloween.[13]
In 1970, General Mills acquired a five-unit restaurant company called Red Lobster and expanded it nationwide. Soon, a division of General Mills titled General Mills Restaurants developed to take charge of the Red Lobster chain. In 1980, General Mills acquired the California-based Good Earth health food restaurant chain.[14] GM eventually converted the restaurants into other chain restaurants they were operating, such as Red Lobster.[15][16] In 1982, General Mills Restaurants founded a new Italian-themed restaurant chain called Olive Garden. Another themed restaurant, China Coast, was added before the entire group was spun off to General Mills shareholders in 1995 as Darden Restaurants.
During the same decade, General Mills ventured further, starting the General Mills Specialty Retail Group. They acquired two clothing and apparel companies, Talbots and Eddie Bauer. The acquisition was short-lived. Talbots was purchased by a Japanese company, then known as JUSCO, and the Spiegel company purchased Bauer. Spiegel later declared bankruptcy, yet Bauer still remains, albeit in a smaller presence in the United States today.




Washburn "A" Mill, the producer of Gold Medal Flour, now the Minnesota Historical Society Mill City Museum


From 1976 to 1985, General Mills went to court as the parent company of Parker Brothers, which held the rights on the brand name and gaming idea of the board game Monopoly, claiming that the so-called Anti-Monopoly game of an economics professor infringed their trademark. The dispute extended up to the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled against them, saying that while they have exclusive rights to the game Monopoly, they can not prevent others from using the word "monopoly" in the name of a game.
In 1985, General Mills' toy division was separated from its parent as Kenner Parker Toys, Inc. There were many potential acquirers of the business but it was floated on the stock exchange with General Mills' shareholders getting equivalent shares in Kenner Parker. This was more tax efficient for General Mills.[17]
Recent history[edit]
In 1990, a joint venture with Nestlé S.A. called Cereal Partners was formed[18] which markets cereals (including many existing General Mills cereal brands) outside the US and Canada under the Nestlé name.
In 2001, the company purchased Pillsbury from Diageo, although it was officially described as a "merger".
Since 2004, General Mills has been producing more products targeted to the growing ranks of health-conscious consumers. The company has chosen to switch its entire breakfast cereal line to whole grain. The company also started manufacturing their child-targeted cereals with less sugar.[19][20] General Mills has reduced the level of sugar to all cereals advertised to children to 11 grams per serving.[21] The company's recent marketing to children included the advergame Millsberry, a virtual city that included games featuring General Mills products. The site launched in August 2004 and ran through December 2010.[citation needed]
In April, 2011 General Mills announced that it will switch all 1 million eggs it uses each year to cage-free.[22]
General Mills was ranked #181 on the 2012 Fortune 500 list of America's largest corporations,[23] 161 in 2015 and was the third-largest food consumer products company in the United States.[24] During June 2012, the company's vice-president for diversity stated that General Mills opposes a Minnesota amendment banning gay marriage, stating that the company values "inclusion".[25] The company received positive feedback for its stand which might attract people to its global workforce.[26]
The company announced in September 2014 that it would acquire organic food producer Annie’s Inc. for a fee of around $820 million, as part of its strategy to expand in the US natural foods market.[27] In October 2014, General Mills announced plans to cut 700 to 800 jobs, mostly in U.S., in corporate restructuring planned to be completed by the end of 2015.[28]
In 2015, citing climate change, General Mills promised to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 28 percent over 10 years.[29][30] In December 2016, the company announced it would be restructuring, splitting into four business groups based on global region, and cutting as many as 600 jobs.[31]
Engineering milestones[edit]




General Mills' corporate campus in Golden Valley, Minnesota.



1930s: General Mills engineer, Thomas R. James, creates the puffing gun, which inflates or distorts cereal pieces into puffed up shapes. This new technology was used in 1937 to create Kix cereal and in 1941 to create Cheerioats (known today as Cheerios).
1939: General Mills engineer Helmer Anderson creates the Anderson sealer. This new device allowed for bags of flour to be sealed with glue instead of just being tied with a string.
1956: General Mills creates the tear-strip for easily opening packages.

Corporate governance[edit]
As of April 2010[update], the company's management included:[32]

Kendall J. Powell –  Chief Executive Officer; Chairman of the Board
Y. Marc Belton: Executive Vice President, Worldwide Health, Brand and New Business Development
John Church –  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain
Jacqueline R. Williams-Roll –  Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources
Peter C. Erickson –  Senior Vice President, Innovation, Technology and Quality
Ian R. Friendly –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Retail
Donal L. Mulligan –  Executive Vice President; Chief Financial Officer
Christopher D. O'Leary –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, International
Roderick A. Palmore –  Executive Vice President; General Counsel, Chief Compliance and Risk Management Officer
Jeffrey J. Rotsch –  Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Channel Development
Christina L. Shea –  Senior Vice President, External Relations; President, General Mills Community Action and Foundation

Change to legal terms[edit]
In April 2014, the company announced that it had changed its legal terms on its website to introduce an arbitration clause requiring all disputes with General Mills to be resolved in small claims court or arbitration and not as a participant in a class action.[33][34] The change was made shortly after a judge's March 26, 2014 denial of a motion to dismiss a class action regarding the marketing of the company's Nature Valley brand products.[34] Users would be deemed to accept the terms by interacting with General Mills on its website in various ways, such as downloading coupons, subscribing to newsletters, or participating in Internet forums hosted on the website.[35][36] The New York Times stated that the agreement could be interpreted to additionally construe purchasing General Mills products at a grocery store or liking the company's Facebook page as assent to the terms;[33] General Mills disclaimed that interpretation, calling it a "mischaracterization".[36][37][38] The change in terms resulted in a massive backlash of protests via consumer groups and social media, and General Mills reverted the terms back to the original content after only a few days.[39]
Company brands[edit]
Breakfast cereals[edit]
General Mills's breakfast cereals include:


Basic 4
Boo-Berry
Cheerios and its variants
Chex and its variants
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Curves[40]
Fiber One
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch[41]
Gold Flakes
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Clusters
Kix
Lucky Charms
Oatmeal Crisp
Peanut Butter Toast Crunch[42]
Raisin Nut Bran
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties


Some brands are marketed outside the US and Canada by the Cereal Partners joint venture using the Nestlé brand.[18]
Discontinued cereals[edit]
General Mills cereals no longer manufactured include:


Banana Wackies / Wackies (introduced 1965; discontinued 1968)[43]
Baron Von Redberry and Sir Grapefellow (introduced 1972, discontinued 1975)[44]
Benefit (which contained psyllium, an Indian-grown grain used as a laxative and cholesterol-reducer)[45]
Body Buddies (introduced 1979; two flavors, Brown Sugar & Honey and Natural Fruit Flavor)[46]
Buc Wheats[46]
Buñuelitos ("Sweetened corn puffs with cinnamon and a touch of honey... Traditional south of the border flavor made right here in the U.S.A.")[47]
Chocolate Flavor Donutz (introduced 1982; discontinued 1984)
Circus Fun[48]
Clackers (introduced 1968; discontinued 1973)[49] - graham cracker-flavored
Clusters (introduced 1987)[50]
Country Corn Flakes (introduced 1961)[51]
Crazy Cow A chocolate corn cereal which resmbles cocoa puffs (introduced 1978, discontinued, 1980)[52]
Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins (introduced 1980)[53]
E.T. Cereal (introduced 1984, discontinued 1986)[54]
Fingos ("The Cereal Made to Eat with Your Fingers")[54]
Frosty O's (introduced 1959; discontinued 1979)[55]
Fruit Brute (introduced 1974; discontinued 1982) [56]
Fruity Yummy Mummy[57]
Goodness Pack, an assortment of eight single-serving boxes of different cereals,[58] designed to compete with Kellogg's and Post Cereals assortments
Harmony[59]
Hi-Pro (introduced 1958; discontinued 1964)
Hidden Treasures[54]
Ice Cream Cones Cereal (Vanilla and Chocolate Chip flavors)[54]
Jets (formerly Sugar Jets; discontinued 1974) (with Rocky and Bullwinkle as mascots)[60]
Jurassic Park Crunch[61]
Kaboom (introduced 1969)
Looney Tunes: Back in Action
Millenios from Cheerios[62]
Mr. Wonderful's Surprise ("Only Cereal with a Creamy Chocolate Filling")[63]
Monopoly Cereal[46]
Neopets Islandberry Crunch (based on the Neopets online virtual pet community)[64]
Pac-Man Cereal[65]
Powdered Donutz (introduced 1981; discontinued 1984)[54]
Princess Fairytale Flakes[66]
Ripple Crisp[61]
Rocky Road[54]
S'Mores Grahams / S'Mores Crunch[54]
Sprinkle Spangles[54]
Star Wars Episode II (based on the 2002 film Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones)[67]
Strawberry Shortcake[54]
Sugar Jets (introduced 1954) [68]
Sunrise Organic[69]
Triples (introduced 1991)[61]
Twinkles (introduced 1960; discontinued 1973) [70]
USA Olympic Crunch (a tie-in with the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan)[71]
Wheat Hearts (with Peabody and Sherman as mascots)[72]
Wheaties Dunk-a-Balls[61]
Wheat Stax (introduced 1966; discontinued 1971) ("Now there's a cereal you can stack")[73]


Baking goods[edit]
The company's baking-goods brands include:


Betty Crocker
Bisquick (now a Betty Crocker brand)
Gold Medal Flour
Jus-Rol
Knack & Back
La Salteña
Pillsbury
V. Pearl


It also produces fruit snacks, including Fruit by the Foot, Fruit Gushers, Fruit Roll-Ups, and Fruit Shapes.
Grain snacks[edit]
The company's grain-snack brands include:


Bugles
Cascadian Farms
Chex Mix
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Fiber One bars


Meal products[edit]
The company's meal products brands include:


Betty Crocker
Diablitos Underwood
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Wanchai Ferry


Organic food[edit]
It also produces organic foods, via Cascadian Farm, which they took over when they bought Small Planet Foods, and Muir Glen. More recently, as of 2014, it has purchased Annie's Homegrown.
Other brands[edit]
Other company brands include Annie's, Frescarini, Latina, Totino's, Jeno's, Progresso, Columbo, and Yoplait (51%). It also produces Häagen-Dazs ice cream outside of the US. General Mills acquired the meat-based brand Epic Provisions in 2016.[74]
Company locations[edit]
As of 25 May 2008[update], 79 facilities for the production of a wide variety of food products were in operation.[75] Of these facilities, 49 are located in the US, 12 in the Asia/Pacific region (8 of which are leased), 5 in Canada (2 of which are leased), 7 in Europe (3 of which are leased), 5 in Latin America and Mexico, and one in South Africa.[76]
Principal production facilities are located in:


Albuquerque, New Mexico
Belvidere, Illinois
Buffalo, New York
Carlisle, Iowa
Carson, California
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Cincinnati, Ohio
Covington, Georgia
Golden Valley, Minnesota
Great Falls, Montana
Hannibal, Missouri
Irapuato, Mexico
Kansas City, Missouri
Lodi, California
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Murfreesboro, Tennessee
New Albany, Indiana
Reed City, Michigan
Vineland, New Jersey
Wellston, Ohio
West Chicago, Illinois


International bakeries and food service facilities are in:


Arras, France
Berwick, United Kingdom
Cagua, Venezuela
Guangzhou, China
Rooty Hill, Australia
Mt. Waverley, Australia
San Adrian, Spain


The company also has a Global Business Solutions (GBS) division in Mumbai, India. Its prominent brand in India is Pillsbury although it has opened a premium ice cream parlour of Häagen Dazs ice cream in Delhi and Mumbai.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies
List of Minnesota companies

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Fiscal 2016 Form 10-K" (PDF). 
^ "Nourishing Lives". General Mills.
^ "Mill City Timeline". millcitymuseum.org. Retrieved 13 Sep 2014. 
^ "The Story of a Grain of Wheat". Angelfire.
^ "Washburn 'A' Mill Explosion". History Topics. Minnesota Historical Society. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Gray, James (1954). Business without Boundary: The Story of General Mills. University of Minnesota Press. p. 36. LCCN 54-10286. 
^ "General Mills 150 - Making Food People Love". GeneralMills.com. Retrieved 2016-04-05. 
^ "J. W. Williams, "Frank Kell"". tshaonline.org. Retrieved April 16, 2013. 
^ General Mills Inc. "Box Tops for Education Homepage". 
^ "Whatever Happened to Total TeleVision productions?". Hogan's Alley. 
^ "The "daddy" of the balloon industry". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "Our connection to Alvin". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ Morioka, Lynne (Aug 20, 2013). "The return of two General Mills monsters". Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces purchase of Good Earth Restaurant chain". Lakeland Ledger. Nov 8, 1980. 
^ Akst, Daniel (1986-03-11). "Brothers Plan Growth for Good Earth Chain - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-06-05. 
^ "February Openings Set For Theme Restaurants". The Daytona Beach News-Journal. October 9, 1982. 
^ Ward, Arthur(2009), The Boys' Book of Airfix London: Ebury Press (Ebury Publishing).
^ a b "About us – Nestle Cereals". Cereal Partners UK. 
^ Horovitz, Bruce (September 30, 2004). "Cereals go whole grain". USA Today. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ "General Mills: Our History". General Mills.
^ "General Mills to Cut Sugar in Kids' Cereals". Alegent Health System.
^ "General Mills Announces New Cage-Free Egg Commitment" (Press release). Humane Society. 20 April 2011. Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Full List". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Industries". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Staff (June 14, 2012). "General Mills against amendment banning gay marriage". MSNBC. Retrieved August 24, 2012.
^ Brucato, Cyndy (June 18, 2012). "Why General Mills didn't get hammered for speaking out on marriage amendment". MinnPost.com. Retrieved August 24, 2012. 
^ General Mills to buy organic food producer Annie's for $820 million. Reuters, 9 September 2014
^ "General Mills plans to cut about 700 to 800 jobs". USA Today. Retrieved October 1, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces new commitment on climate change" (Press release). General Mills. August 30, 2015. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ Behr, Jonathan (September 3, 2015). "Why General Mills is tackling global warming". CBS News. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ "General Mills Plans to Cut 600 Jobs in Global Restructuring". Fortune. 2016-12-05. Retrieved 2016-12-09. 
^ "General Mills: Biographies". General Mills.
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-16). "When ‘Liking’ a Brand Online Voids the Right to Sue". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Weiss, Debra Cassens (2014-04-17). "Buying a General Mills product eliminates the right to sue, according to online legal terms". ABAJournal. American Bar Association. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Sherman, Erik (2014-04-18). "General Mills adds legal fine print that raises questions". CBS News. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-17). "General Mills Amends New Legal Policies". New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Gray, Jeff (2014-04-19). "General Mills abandons controversial legal policy to strip consumers of rights". The Globe And Mail. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Foster, Kirstie (2014-04-19). "We’ve listened – and we’re changing our legal terms back". generalmills.com. General Mills. Retrieved 9 December 2014. 
^ Murphy, Esme (2014-04-20). "Talking Points: General Mills Reverses Lawsuit Change". CBS Minnesota. WCCO-TV. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ "Curves Honey Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Gregory Wallace (December 8, 2014). "French Toast Crunch cereal is back". CNNMoney. 
^ "Peanut Butter Toast Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1965 General Mills Banana Wackies cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). March 19, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ 1972 Baron Von Redberry cereal w/iron-on patches promotion TV commercial. April 8, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Benefit Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ a b c "A Tribute to Discontinued Cereals". Gunaxin Grub. 
^ "Bunuelitos Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1986 General Mills Circus Fun cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ VINTAGE TV COMMERCIAL - CLACKERS CEREAL - MAN TRYING TO KARATE CHOP A CLACKERS BOX. November 30, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ "Clusters Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Country Corn Flakes Commercial (1963). September 12, 2008 – via YouTube. 
^ 1978 Crazy Cow Cereal TV commercial. November 8, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ 1986 General Mills Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "54 Cereals We Loved and Lost - A Tribute". Urlesque. Archived from the original on March 2, 2012. 
^ FROSTY O'S CEREAL COMMERCIAL 1966. March 15, 2010 – via YouTube. 
^ FRUIT BRUTE! The First one!. July 19, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ First Yummy Mummy!. May 23, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ 1959 General Mills Cereal Commercials Rocky and Bullwinkle 2. January 14, 2014 – via YouTube. 
^ "Harmony Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Rocky and Bullwinkle for Jets Cereal - Boxing. June 30, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d "26 Cereals From The '90s You'll Never Be Able To Eat Again". BuzzFeed. 
^ "Millenios Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Chiller - Scary Good". 
^ "Neopets Islandberry Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Pac-Man cereal commercial (early 80's). December 14, 2006 – via YouTube. 
^ "Princess Fairytale Flakes Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Star Wars Episode II Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1964 Sugar Jets cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). January 22, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "Sunrise Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1960's General Mills Twinkles Cereal and Cartoon Commercial. May 13, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "USA Olympic Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ VINTAGE WHEAT HEARTS CEREAL COMMERCIAL - MR. PEABODY & HIS "PET BOY" SHERMAN. September 20, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Wheat Stax Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "General Mills, craving organic meat snacks, buys Epic Provisions". TheStreet. Retrieved 2016-03-05. 
^ General Mills SEC Form 10K, filed July 11, 2008.
^ "FORM 10-K". Sec.gov. Retrieved 2014-02-09. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Official website –  Canada
Official recipe website –  Canada



Business data for General Mills: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


General Mills



Historical figures



Cadwallader C. Washburn
Charles Alfred Pillsbury
James Ford Bell
William de la Barre
Adelaide Hawley Cumming










Cereals



Boo-Berry
Cheerios
Chex
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Cheerios
Honey Nut Clusters
Kaboom
Kix
Lucky Charms
Nesquik
Oatmeal Crisp
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties





Brands



Betty Crocker
Green Giant
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Progresso
Totino's
Wanchai Ferry





Pillsbury



Jus-Rol
Pillsbury
Toaster Strudel





Snacks



Bugles
Chex Mix
Fruit by the Foot
Fruit Gushers
Fruit Roll-Ups
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Shark Bites





Dairy



Go-Gurt
Häagen-Dazs
Liberté
Yoplait





Baking



Betty Crocker
Bisquick
Gold Medal Flour





Natural and organic



Annie's Homegrown
Cascadian Farms
Food Should Taste Good
Lärabar





Former



Colombo Yogurt
Pet, Inc.
Squeezit





Other



Betty Crocker Kitchens
Cereal Partners Worldwide
The General Mills Radio Adventure Theater
Mill City Museum
Pillsbury Bake-Off
Pillsbury Doughboy





Key innovations



DSV Alvin
Hazard analysis and critical control points
Project Strato-Lab
Skyhook balloon
Space food












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140708541
LCCN: n79091443
ISNI: 0000 0000 9541 1590
GND: 16122226-2










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=General_Mills&oldid=790884096"					
Categories: General Mills1856 establishments in Minnesota TerritoryBreakfast cereal companiesCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFood manufacturers of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesAmerican companies established in 1856Hennepin County, MinnesotaManufacturing companies based in MinnesotaMultinational food companiesBaking mixesFood product brandsFood and drink companies established in 1856Hidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from March 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2010All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2008Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSvenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 19:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









General Mills - Wikipedia






















 






General Mills

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Washburn Crosby Company)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



General Mills, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: GIS
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Food processing


Founded
June 20, 1856; 161 years ago (1856-06-20)
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.


Founders
Cadwallader C. Washburn, John Crosby, James Ford Bell


Headquarters
Golden Valley, Minnesota, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kendall J. Powell
(Chairman and CEO)


Products
Baking mixes, breakfast cereals, yogurt, refrigerated dough, soup, pizza, snack foods, ice cream, soy products, vegetables, flour, and other food products


Revenue
 US$ 16.6 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$ 2.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Profit
 US$ 1.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 21.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$ 4.9 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Number of employees

39,000 (2014)[1]


Website
www.generalmills.com


General Mills, Inc., is an American multinational manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores. It is headquartered in Golden Valley, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis. The company markets many well-known North American brands, such as Annie's Homegrown, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Colombo, Totino's, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Häagen-Dazs, Cheerios, Trix, Cocoa Puffs, and Lucky Charms. Its brand portfolio includes more than 89 other leading U.S. brands and numerous category leaders around the world.[2]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Washburn-Crosby Company
1.2 Founding
1.3 Merchandising and television sponsorships
1.4 Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division
1.5 Diversification: toys and restaurants
1.6 Recent history
1.7 Engineering milestones


2 Corporate governance
3 Change to legal terms
4 Company brands

4.1 Breakfast cereals

4.1.1 Discontinued cereals


4.2 Baking goods
4.3 Grain snacks
4.4 Meal products
4.5 Organic food
4.6 Other brands


5 Company locations
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]




Advertisement, late 1880s


Washburn-Crosby Company[edit]
The company can trace its history to the Minneapolis Milling Company, incorporated in 1856.[3] The company was founded by Illinois Congressman Robert Smith, who leased power rights to mills operating along the west side of Saint Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Cadwallader C. Washburn acquired the company shortly after its founding and hired his brother William D. Washburn to assist in the company's development. In 1866 the Washburns got into the business themselves, building the Washburn "B" Mill at the falls. At the time, the building was considered to be so large and output so vast that it could not possibly sustain itself. However, the company succeeded, and in 1874 he built the even bigger Washburn "A" Mill.
In 1877 the mill entered a partnership with John Crosby to form the Washburn-Crosby Company, producing Winter Wheat Flour. That same year Washburn sent William Hood Dunwoody to England to open the market for spring wheat.[4] Dunwoody was successful and became a silent partner.
In 1878 the "A" mill was destroyed in a flour dust explosion along with five nearby buildings. The ensuing fire led to the death of 18 workers.[5] Construction of a new mill began immediately. Not only was the new mill safer but it also was able to produce a higher quality flour after the old grinding stones were replaced with automatic steel rollers, the first ever used.
In 1880 Washburn-Crosby flour brands won gold, silver and bronze medals at the Millers' International Exhibition in Cincinnati, causing them to launch the Gold Medal flour brand.[6]
In 1924 the company stepped in to take over a failing Twin Cities radio station, WLAG, renaming it WCCO (from Washburn-Crosby Company).
Founding[edit]
General Mills itself was created in June 1928[7] when Washburn-Crosby President James Ford Bell directed his company to merge with 26 other mills.
In 1928, General Mills acquired the Wichita Mill and Elevator Company of the industrialist Frank Kell of Wichita Falls, Texas. With the sale, Kell acquired cash plus stock in the corporation.[8]




Postcard image of the Gold Medal Flour factory in Minneapolis around 1900


Merchandising and television sponsorships[edit]
Beginning in 1929, General Mills products contained box top coupons, known as Betty Crocker coupons, with varying point values, which were redeemable for discounts on a variety of housewares products featured in the widely distributed Betty Crocker catalog. The coupons and the catalog were discontinued by the company in 2006. A similar program, Box Tops for Education, in which coupon icons clipped off various General Mills products can be redeemed by schools for cash, started in 1996 and is still active.[9]
General Mills became the sponsor of the popular radio show The Lone Ranger in 1941. The show was then brought to television, and, after 20 years, their long-term sponsorship came to an end in 1961.




Former site of General Mills today on the Mississippi River at Minneapolis


Beginning in 1959, General Mills sponsored the Rocky and His Friends television series, later known as The Bullwinkle Show. Until 1968, Rocky and Bullwinkle were featured in a variety of advertisements for General Mills. General Mills was also a sponsor of the Saturday-morning cartoons from the Total TeleVision productions studio, including Tennessee Tuxedo.[10] The company also was a sponsor of the ABC western series The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp, starring Hugh O'Brian.
Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division[edit]
In 1946 General Mills established their Aeronautical Research Division with chief engineer Otto C. Winzen. This division developed high altitude balloons in conjunction with the United States Navy Office of Naval Research (ONR), such as the Skyhook balloon.[11]
The General Mills Electronics division developed the DSV Alvin submersible, which is notable for being used in investigating the wreck of Titanic among other deep-sea exploration missions.[12]
Diversification: toys and restaurants[edit]
The first venture General Mills took into the toy industry was in 1965. The company bought Rainbow Crafts, which was the manufacturer of Play-Doh. General Mills' purchase of the company was substantial because it brought production costs down and tripled the revenue.
General Mills came out with their "Monster Cereals" in the 1970s. The cereals are now produced and sold seasonally around Halloween.[13]
In 1970, General Mills acquired a five-unit restaurant company called Red Lobster and expanded it nationwide. Soon, a division of General Mills titled General Mills Restaurants developed to take charge of the Red Lobster chain. In 1980, General Mills acquired the California-based Good Earth health food restaurant chain.[14] GM eventually converted the restaurants into other chain restaurants they were operating, such as Red Lobster.[15][16] In 1982, General Mills Restaurants founded a new Italian-themed restaurant chain called Olive Garden. Another themed restaurant, China Coast, was added before the entire group was spun off to General Mills shareholders in 1995 as Darden Restaurants.
During the same decade, General Mills ventured further, starting the General Mills Specialty Retail Group. They acquired two clothing and apparel companies, Talbots and Eddie Bauer. The acquisition was short-lived. Talbots was purchased by a Japanese company, then known as JUSCO, and the Spiegel company purchased Bauer. Spiegel later declared bankruptcy, yet Bauer still remains, albeit in a smaller presence in the United States today.




Washburn "A" Mill, the producer of Gold Medal Flour, now the Minnesota Historical Society Mill City Museum


From 1976 to 1985, General Mills went to court as the parent company of Parker Brothers, which held the rights on the brand name and gaming idea of the board game Monopoly, claiming that the so-called Anti-Monopoly game of an economics professor infringed their trademark. The dispute extended up to the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled against them, saying that while they have exclusive rights to the game Monopoly, they can not prevent others from using the word "monopoly" in the name of a game.
In 1985, General Mills' toy division was separated from its parent as Kenner Parker Toys, Inc. There were many potential acquirers of the business but it was floated on the stock exchange with General Mills' shareholders getting equivalent shares in Kenner Parker. This was more tax efficient for General Mills.[17]
Recent history[edit]
In 1990, a joint venture with Nestlé S.A. called Cereal Partners was formed[18] which markets cereals (including many existing General Mills cereal brands) outside the US and Canada under the Nestlé name.
In 2001, the company purchased Pillsbury from Diageo, although it was officially described as a "merger".
Since 2004, General Mills has been producing more products targeted to the growing ranks of health-conscious consumers. The company has chosen to switch its entire breakfast cereal line to whole grain. The company also started manufacturing their child-targeted cereals with less sugar.[19][20] General Mills has reduced the level of sugar to all cereals advertised to children to 11 grams per serving.[21] The company's recent marketing to children included the advergame Millsberry, a virtual city that included games featuring General Mills products. The site launched in August 2004 and ran through December 2010.[citation needed]
In April, 2011 General Mills announced that it will switch all 1 million eggs it uses each year to cage-free.[22]
General Mills was ranked #181 on the 2012 Fortune 500 list of America's largest corporations,[23] 161 in 2015 and was the third-largest food consumer products company in the United States.[24] During June 2012, the company's vice-president for diversity stated that General Mills opposes a Minnesota amendment banning gay marriage, stating that the company values "inclusion".[25] The company received positive feedback for its stand which might attract people to its global workforce.[26]
The company announced in September 2014 that it would acquire organic food producer Annie’s Inc. for a fee of around $820 million, as part of its strategy to expand in the US natural foods market.[27] In October 2014, General Mills announced plans to cut 700 to 800 jobs, mostly in U.S., in corporate restructuring planned to be completed by the end of 2015.[28]
In 2015, citing climate change, General Mills promised to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 28 percent over 10 years.[29][30] In December 2016, the company announced it would be restructuring, splitting into four business groups based on global region, and cutting as many as 600 jobs.[31]
Engineering milestones[edit]




General Mills' corporate campus in Golden Valley, Minnesota.



1930s: General Mills engineer, Thomas R. James, creates the puffing gun, which inflates or distorts cereal pieces into puffed up shapes. This new technology was used in 1937 to create Kix cereal and in 1941 to create Cheerioats (known today as Cheerios).
1939: General Mills engineer Helmer Anderson creates the Anderson sealer. This new device allowed for bags of flour to be sealed with glue instead of just being tied with a string.
1956: General Mills creates the tear-strip for easily opening packages.

Corporate governance[edit]
As of April 2010[update], the company's management included:[32]

Kendall J. Powell –  Chief Executive Officer; Chairman of the Board
Y. Marc Belton: Executive Vice President, Worldwide Health, Brand and New Business Development
John Church –  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain
Jacqueline R. Williams-Roll –  Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources
Peter C. Erickson –  Senior Vice President, Innovation, Technology and Quality
Ian R. Friendly –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Retail
Donal L. Mulligan –  Executive Vice President; Chief Financial Officer
Christopher D. O'Leary –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, International
Roderick A. Palmore –  Executive Vice President; General Counsel, Chief Compliance and Risk Management Officer
Jeffrey J. Rotsch –  Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Channel Development
Christina L. Shea –  Senior Vice President, External Relations; President, General Mills Community Action and Foundation

Change to legal terms[edit]
In April 2014, the company announced that it had changed its legal terms on its website to introduce an arbitration clause requiring all disputes with General Mills to be resolved in small claims court or arbitration and not as a participant in a class action.[33][34] The change was made shortly after a judge's March 26, 2014 denial of a motion to dismiss a class action regarding the marketing of the company's Nature Valley brand products.[34] Users would be deemed to accept the terms by interacting with General Mills on its website in various ways, such as downloading coupons, subscribing to newsletters, or participating in Internet forums hosted on the website.[35][36] The New York Times stated that the agreement could be interpreted to additionally construe purchasing General Mills products at a grocery store or liking the company's Facebook page as assent to the terms;[33] General Mills disclaimed that interpretation, calling it a "mischaracterization".[36][37][38] The change in terms resulted in a massive backlash of protests via consumer groups and social media, and General Mills reverted the terms back to the original content after only a few days.[39]
Company brands[edit]
Breakfast cereals[edit]
General Mills's breakfast cereals include:


Basic 4
Boo-Berry
Cheerios and its variants
Chex and its variants
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Curves[40]
Fiber One
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch[41]
Gold Flakes
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Clusters
Kix
Lucky Charms
Oatmeal Crisp
Peanut Butter Toast Crunch[42]
Raisin Nut Bran
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties


Some brands are marketed outside the US and Canada by the Cereal Partners joint venture using the Nestlé brand.[18]
Discontinued cereals[edit]
General Mills cereals no longer manufactured include:


Banana Wackies / Wackies (introduced 1965; discontinued 1968)[43]
Baron Von Redberry and Sir Grapefellow (introduced 1972, discontinued 1975)[44]
Benefit (which contained psyllium, an Indian-grown grain used as a laxative and cholesterol-reducer)[45]
Body Buddies (introduced 1979; two flavors, Brown Sugar & Honey and Natural Fruit Flavor)[46]
Buc Wheats[46]
Buñuelitos ("Sweetened corn puffs with cinnamon and a touch of honey... Traditional south of the border flavor made right here in the U.S.A.")[47]
Chocolate Flavor Donutz (introduced 1982; discontinued 1984)
Circus Fun[48]
Clackers (introduced 1968; discontinued 1973)[49] - graham cracker-flavored
Clusters (introduced 1987)[50]
Country Corn Flakes (introduced 1961)[51]
Crazy Cow A chocolate corn cereal which resmbles cocoa puffs (introduced 1978, discontinued, 1980)[52]
Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins (introduced 1980)[53]
E.T. Cereal (introduced 1984, discontinued 1986)[54]
Fingos ("The Cereal Made to Eat with Your Fingers")[54]
Frosty O's (introduced 1959; discontinued 1979)[55]
Fruit Brute (introduced 1974; discontinued 1982) [56]
Fruity Yummy Mummy[57]
Goodness Pack, an assortment of eight single-serving boxes of different cereals,[58] designed to compete with Kellogg's and Post Cereals assortments
Harmony[59]
Hi-Pro (introduced 1958; discontinued 1964)
Hidden Treasures[54]
Ice Cream Cones Cereal (Vanilla and Chocolate Chip flavors)[54]
Jets (formerly Sugar Jets; discontinued 1974) (with Rocky and Bullwinkle as mascots)[60]
Jurassic Park Crunch[61]
Kaboom (introduced 1969)
Looney Tunes: Back in Action
Millenios from Cheerios[62]
Mr. Wonderful's Surprise ("Only Cereal with a Creamy Chocolate Filling")[63]
Monopoly Cereal[46]
Neopets Islandberry Crunch (based on the Neopets online virtual pet community)[64]
Pac-Man Cereal[65]
Powdered Donutz (introduced 1981; discontinued 1984)[54]
Princess Fairytale Flakes[66]
Ripple Crisp[61]
Rocky Road[54]
S'Mores Grahams / S'Mores Crunch[54]
Sprinkle Spangles[54]
Star Wars Episode II (based on the 2002 film Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones)[67]
Strawberry Shortcake[54]
Sugar Jets (introduced 1954) [68]
Sunrise Organic[69]
Triples (introduced 1991)[61]
Twinkles (introduced 1960; discontinued 1973) [70]
USA Olympic Crunch (a tie-in with the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan)[71]
Wheat Hearts (with Peabody and Sherman as mascots)[72]
Wheaties Dunk-a-Balls[61]
Wheat Stax (introduced 1966; discontinued 1971) ("Now there's a cereal you can stack")[73]


Baking goods[edit]
The company's baking-goods brands include:


Betty Crocker
Bisquick (now a Betty Crocker brand)
Gold Medal Flour
Jus-Rol
Knack & Back
La Salteña
Pillsbury
V. Pearl


It also produces fruit snacks, including Fruit by the Foot, Fruit Gushers, Fruit Roll-Ups, and Fruit Shapes.
Grain snacks[edit]
The company's grain-snack brands include:


Bugles
Cascadian Farms
Chex Mix
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Fiber One bars


Meal products[edit]
The company's meal products brands include:


Betty Crocker
Diablitos Underwood
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Wanchai Ferry


Organic food[edit]
It also produces organic foods, via Cascadian Farm, which they took over when they bought Small Planet Foods, and Muir Glen. More recently, as of 2014, it has purchased Annie's Homegrown.
Other brands[edit]
Other company brands include Annie's, Frescarini, Latina, Totino's, Jeno's, Progresso, Columbo, and Yoplait (51%). It also produces Häagen-Dazs ice cream outside of the US. General Mills acquired the meat-based brand Epic Provisions in 2016.[74]
Company locations[edit]
As of 25 May 2008[update], 79 facilities for the production of a wide variety of food products were in operation.[75] Of these facilities, 49 are located in the US, 12 in the Asia/Pacific region (8 of which are leased), 5 in Canada (2 of which are leased), 7 in Europe (3 of which are leased), 5 in Latin America and Mexico, and one in South Africa.[76]
Principal production facilities are located in:


Albuquerque, New Mexico
Belvidere, Illinois
Buffalo, New York
Carlisle, Iowa
Carson, California
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Cincinnati, Ohio
Covington, Georgia
Golden Valley, Minnesota
Great Falls, Montana
Hannibal, Missouri
Irapuato, Mexico
Kansas City, Missouri
Lodi, California
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Murfreesboro, Tennessee
New Albany, Indiana
Reed City, Michigan
Vineland, New Jersey
Wellston, Ohio
West Chicago, Illinois


International bakeries and food service facilities are in:


Arras, France
Berwick, United Kingdom
Cagua, Venezuela
Guangzhou, China
Rooty Hill, Australia
Mt. Waverley, Australia
San Adrian, Spain


The company also has a Global Business Solutions (GBS) division in Mumbai, India. Its prominent brand in India is Pillsbury although it has opened a premium ice cream parlour of Häagen Dazs ice cream in Delhi and Mumbai.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies
List of Minnesota companies

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Fiscal 2016 Form 10-K" (PDF). 
^ "Nourishing Lives". General Mills.
^ "Mill City Timeline". millcitymuseum.org. Retrieved 13 Sep 2014. 
^ "The Story of a Grain of Wheat". Angelfire.
^ "Washburn 'A' Mill Explosion". History Topics. Minnesota Historical Society. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Gray, James (1954). Business without Boundary: The Story of General Mills. University of Minnesota Press. p. 36. LCCN 54-10286. 
^ "General Mills 150 - Making Food People Love". GeneralMills.com. Retrieved 2016-04-05. 
^ "J. W. Williams, "Frank Kell"". tshaonline.org. Retrieved April 16, 2013. 
^ General Mills Inc. "Box Tops for Education Homepage". 
^ "Whatever Happened to Total TeleVision productions?". Hogan's Alley. 
^ "The "daddy" of the balloon industry". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "Our connection to Alvin". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ Morioka, Lynne (Aug 20, 2013). "The return of two General Mills monsters". Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces purchase of Good Earth Restaurant chain". Lakeland Ledger. Nov 8, 1980. 
^ Akst, Daniel (1986-03-11). "Brothers Plan Growth for Good Earth Chain - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-06-05. 
^ "February Openings Set For Theme Restaurants". The Daytona Beach News-Journal. October 9, 1982. 
^ Ward, Arthur(2009), The Boys' Book of Airfix London: Ebury Press (Ebury Publishing).
^ a b "About us – Nestle Cereals". Cereal Partners UK. 
^ Horovitz, Bruce (September 30, 2004). "Cereals go whole grain". USA Today. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ "General Mills: Our History". General Mills.
^ "General Mills to Cut Sugar in Kids' Cereals". Alegent Health System.
^ "General Mills Announces New Cage-Free Egg Commitment" (Press release). Humane Society. 20 April 2011. Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Full List". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Industries". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Staff (June 14, 2012). "General Mills against amendment banning gay marriage". MSNBC. Retrieved August 24, 2012.
^ Brucato, Cyndy (June 18, 2012). "Why General Mills didn't get hammered for speaking out on marriage amendment". MinnPost.com. Retrieved August 24, 2012. 
^ General Mills to buy organic food producer Annie's for $820 million. Reuters, 9 September 2014
^ "General Mills plans to cut about 700 to 800 jobs". USA Today. Retrieved October 1, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces new commitment on climate change" (Press release). General Mills. August 30, 2015. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ Behr, Jonathan (September 3, 2015). "Why General Mills is tackling global warming". CBS News. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ "General Mills Plans to Cut 600 Jobs in Global Restructuring". Fortune. 2016-12-05. Retrieved 2016-12-09. 
^ "General Mills: Biographies". General Mills.
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-16). "When ‘Liking’ a Brand Online Voids the Right to Sue". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Weiss, Debra Cassens (2014-04-17). "Buying a General Mills product eliminates the right to sue, according to online legal terms". ABAJournal. American Bar Association. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Sherman, Erik (2014-04-18). "General Mills adds legal fine print that raises questions". CBS News. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-17). "General Mills Amends New Legal Policies". New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Gray, Jeff (2014-04-19). "General Mills abandons controversial legal policy to strip consumers of rights". The Globe And Mail. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Foster, Kirstie (2014-04-19). "We’ve listened – and we’re changing our legal terms back". generalmills.com. General Mills. Retrieved 9 December 2014. 
^ Murphy, Esme (2014-04-20). "Talking Points: General Mills Reverses Lawsuit Change". CBS Minnesota. WCCO-TV. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ "Curves Honey Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Gregory Wallace (December 8, 2014). "French Toast Crunch cereal is back". CNNMoney. 
^ "Peanut Butter Toast Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1965 General Mills Banana Wackies cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). March 19, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ 1972 Baron Von Redberry cereal w/iron-on patches promotion TV commercial. April 8, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Benefit Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ a b c "A Tribute to Discontinued Cereals". Gunaxin Grub. 
^ "Bunuelitos Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1986 General Mills Circus Fun cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ VINTAGE TV COMMERCIAL - CLACKERS CEREAL - MAN TRYING TO KARATE CHOP A CLACKERS BOX. November 30, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ "Clusters Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Country Corn Flakes Commercial (1963). September 12, 2008 – via YouTube. 
^ 1978 Crazy Cow Cereal TV commercial. November 8, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ 1986 General Mills Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "54 Cereals We Loved and Lost - A Tribute". Urlesque. Archived from the original on March 2, 2012. 
^ FROSTY O'S CEREAL COMMERCIAL 1966. March 15, 2010 – via YouTube. 
^ FRUIT BRUTE! The First one!. July 19, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ First Yummy Mummy!. May 23, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ 1959 General Mills Cereal Commercials Rocky and Bullwinkle 2. January 14, 2014 – via YouTube. 
^ "Harmony Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Rocky and Bullwinkle for Jets Cereal - Boxing. June 30, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d "26 Cereals From The '90s You'll Never Be Able To Eat Again". BuzzFeed. 
^ "Millenios Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Chiller - Scary Good". 
^ "Neopets Islandberry Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Pac-Man cereal commercial (early 80's). December 14, 2006 – via YouTube. 
^ "Princess Fairytale Flakes Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Star Wars Episode II Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1964 Sugar Jets cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). January 22, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "Sunrise Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1960's General Mills Twinkles Cereal and Cartoon Commercial. May 13, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "USA Olympic Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ VINTAGE WHEAT HEARTS CEREAL COMMERCIAL - MR. PEABODY & HIS "PET BOY" SHERMAN. September 20, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Wheat Stax Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "General Mills, craving organic meat snacks, buys Epic Provisions". TheStreet. Retrieved 2016-03-05. 
^ General Mills SEC Form 10K, filed July 11, 2008.
^ "FORM 10-K". Sec.gov. Retrieved 2014-02-09. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Official website –  Canada
Official recipe website –  Canada



Business data for General Mills: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


General Mills



Historical figures



Cadwallader C. Washburn
Charles Alfred Pillsbury
James Ford Bell
William de la Barre
Adelaide Hawley Cumming










Cereals



Boo-Berry
Cheerios
Chex
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Cheerios
Honey Nut Clusters
Kaboom
Kix
Lucky Charms
Nesquik
Oatmeal Crisp
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties





Brands



Betty Crocker
Green Giant
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Progresso
Totino's
Wanchai Ferry





Pillsbury



Jus-Rol
Pillsbury
Toaster Strudel





Snacks



Bugles
Chex Mix
Fruit by the Foot
Fruit Gushers
Fruit Roll-Ups
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Shark Bites





Dairy



Go-Gurt
Häagen-Dazs
Liberté
Yoplait





Baking



Betty Crocker
Bisquick
Gold Medal Flour





Natural and organic



Annie's Homegrown
Cascadian Farms
Food Should Taste Good
Lärabar





Former



Colombo Yogurt
Pet, Inc.
Squeezit





Other



Betty Crocker Kitchens
Cereal Partners Worldwide
The General Mills Radio Adventure Theater
Mill City Museum
Pillsbury Bake-Off
Pillsbury Doughboy





Key innovations



DSV Alvin
Hazard analysis and critical control points
Project Strato-Lab
Skyhook balloon
Space food












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140708541
LCCN: n79091443
ISNI: 0000 0000 9541 1590
GND: 16122226-2










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=General_Mills&oldid=790884096"					
Categories: General Mills1856 establishments in Minnesota TerritoryBreakfast cereal companiesCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFood manufacturers of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesAmerican companies established in 1856Hennepin County, MinnesotaManufacturing companies based in MinnesotaMultinational food companiesBaking mixesFood product brandsFood and drink companies established in 1856Hidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from March 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2010All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2008Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSvenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 19:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









General Mills - Wikipedia






















 






General Mills

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Washburn Crosby Company)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



General Mills, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: GIS
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Food processing


Founded
June 20, 1856; 161 years ago (1856-06-20)
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.


Founders
Cadwallader C. Washburn, John Crosby, James Ford Bell


Headquarters
Golden Valley, Minnesota, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kendall J. Powell
(Chairman and CEO)


Products
Baking mixes, breakfast cereals, yogurt, refrigerated dough, soup, pizza, snack foods, ice cream, soy products, vegetables, flour, and other food products


Revenue
 US$ 16.6 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$ 2.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Profit
 US$ 1.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 21.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$ 4.9 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Number of employees

39,000 (2014)[1]


Website
www.generalmills.com


General Mills, Inc., is an American multinational manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores. It is headquartered in Golden Valley, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis. The company markets many well-known North American brands, such as Annie's Homegrown, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Colombo, Totino's, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Häagen-Dazs, Cheerios, Trix, Cocoa Puffs, and Lucky Charms. Its brand portfolio includes more than 89 other leading U.S. brands and numerous category leaders around the world.[2]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Washburn-Crosby Company
1.2 Founding
1.3 Merchandising and television sponsorships
1.4 Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division
1.5 Diversification: toys and restaurants
1.6 Recent history
1.7 Engineering milestones


2 Corporate governance
3 Change to legal terms
4 Company brands

4.1 Breakfast cereals

4.1.1 Discontinued cereals


4.2 Baking goods
4.3 Grain snacks
4.4 Meal products
4.5 Organic food
4.6 Other brands


5 Company locations
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]




Advertisement, late 1880s


Washburn-Crosby Company[edit]
The company can trace its history to the Minneapolis Milling Company, incorporated in 1856.[3] The company was founded by Illinois Congressman Robert Smith, who leased power rights to mills operating along the west side of Saint Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Cadwallader C. Washburn acquired the company shortly after its founding and hired his brother William D. Washburn to assist in the company's development. In 1866 the Washburns got into the business themselves, building the Washburn "B" Mill at the falls. At the time, the building was considered to be so large and output so vast that it could not possibly sustain itself. However, the company succeeded, and in 1874 he built the even bigger Washburn "A" Mill.
In 1877 the mill entered a partnership with John Crosby to form the Washburn-Crosby Company, producing Winter Wheat Flour. That same year Washburn sent William Hood Dunwoody to England to open the market for spring wheat.[4] Dunwoody was successful and became a silent partner.
In 1878 the "A" mill was destroyed in a flour dust explosion along with five nearby buildings. The ensuing fire led to the death of 18 workers.[5] Construction of a new mill began immediately. Not only was the new mill safer but it also was able to produce a higher quality flour after the old grinding stones were replaced with automatic steel rollers, the first ever used.
In 1880 Washburn-Crosby flour brands won gold, silver and bronze medals at the Millers' International Exhibition in Cincinnati, causing them to launch the Gold Medal flour brand.[6]
In 1924 the company stepped in to take over a failing Twin Cities radio station, WLAG, renaming it WCCO (from Washburn-Crosby Company).
Founding[edit]
General Mills itself was created in June 1928[7] when Washburn-Crosby President James Ford Bell directed his company to merge with 26 other mills.
In 1928, General Mills acquired the Wichita Mill and Elevator Company of the industrialist Frank Kell of Wichita Falls, Texas. With the sale, Kell acquired cash plus stock in the corporation.[8]




Postcard image of the Gold Medal Flour factory in Minneapolis around 1900


Merchandising and television sponsorships[edit]
Beginning in 1929, General Mills products contained box top coupons, known as Betty Crocker coupons, with varying point values, which were redeemable for discounts on a variety of housewares products featured in the widely distributed Betty Crocker catalog. The coupons and the catalog were discontinued by the company in 2006. A similar program, Box Tops for Education, in which coupon icons clipped off various General Mills products can be redeemed by schools for cash, started in 1996 and is still active.[9]
General Mills became the sponsor of the popular radio show The Lone Ranger in 1941. The show was then brought to television, and, after 20 years, their long-term sponsorship came to an end in 1961.




Former site of General Mills today on the Mississippi River at Minneapolis


Beginning in 1959, General Mills sponsored the Rocky and His Friends television series, later known as The Bullwinkle Show. Until 1968, Rocky and Bullwinkle were featured in a variety of advertisements for General Mills. General Mills was also a sponsor of the Saturday-morning cartoons from the Total TeleVision productions studio, including Tennessee Tuxedo.[10] The company also was a sponsor of the ABC western series The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp, starring Hugh O'Brian.
Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division[edit]
In 1946 General Mills established their Aeronautical Research Division with chief engineer Otto C. Winzen. This division developed high altitude balloons in conjunction with the United States Navy Office of Naval Research (ONR), such as the Skyhook balloon.[11]
The General Mills Electronics division developed the DSV Alvin submersible, which is notable for being used in investigating the wreck of Titanic among other deep-sea exploration missions.[12]
Diversification: toys and restaurants[edit]
The first venture General Mills took into the toy industry was in 1965. The company bought Rainbow Crafts, which was the manufacturer of Play-Doh. General Mills' purchase of the company was substantial because it brought production costs down and tripled the revenue.
General Mills came out with their "Monster Cereals" in the 1970s. The cereals are now produced and sold seasonally around Halloween.[13]
In 1970, General Mills acquired a five-unit restaurant company called Red Lobster and expanded it nationwide. Soon, a division of General Mills titled General Mills Restaurants developed to take charge of the Red Lobster chain. In 1980, General Mills acquired the California-based Good Earth health food restaurant chain.[14] GM eventually converted the restaurants into other chain restaurants they were operating, such as Red Lobster.[15][16] In 1982, General Mills Restaurants founded a new Italian-themed restaurant chain called Olive Garden. Another themed restaurant, China Coast, was added before the entire group was spun off to General Mills shareholders in 1995 as Darden Restaurants.
During the same decade, General Mills ventured further, starting the General Mills Specialty Retail Group. They acquired two clothing and apparel companies, Talbots and Eddie Bauer. The acquisition was short-lived. Talbots was purchased by a Japanese company, then known as JUSCO, and the Spiegel company purchased Bauer. Spiegel later declared bankruptcy, yet Bauer still remains, albeit in a smaller presence in the United States today.




Washburn "A" Mill, the producer of Gold Medal Flour, now the Minnesota Historical Society Mill City Museum


From 1976 to 1985, General Mills went to court as the parent company of Parker Brothers, which held the rights on the brand name and gaming idea of the board game Monopoly, claiming that the so-called Anti-Monopoly game of an economics professor infringed their trademark. The dispute extended up to the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled against them, saying that while they have exclusive rights to the game Monopoly, they can not prevent others from using the word "monopoly" in the name of a game.
In 1985, General Mills' toy division was separated from its parent as Kenner Parker Toys, Inc. There were many potential acquirers of the business but it was floated on the stock exchange with General Mills' shareholders getting equivalent shares in Kenner Parker. This was more tax efficient for General Mills.[17]
Recent history[edit]
In 1990, a joint venture with Nestlé S.A. called Cereal Partners was formed[18] which markets cereals (including many existing General Mills cereal brands) outside the US and Canada under the Nestlé name.
In 2001, the company purchased Pillsbury from Diageo, although it was officially described as a "merger".
Since 2004, General Mills has been producing more products targeted to the growing ranks of health-conscious consumers. The company has chosen to switch its entire breakfast cereal line to whole grain. The company also started manufacturing their child-targeted cereals with less sugar.[19][20] General Mills has reduced the level of sugar to all cereals advertised to children to 11 grams per serving.[21] The company's recent marketing to children included the advergame Millsberry, a virtual city that included games featuring General Mills products. The site launched in August 2004 and ran through December 2010.[citation needed]
In April, 2011 General Mills announced that it will switch all 1 million eggs it uses each year to cage-free.[22]
General Mills was ranked #181 on the 2012 Fortune 500 list of America's largest corporations,[23] 161 in 2015 and was the third-largest food consumer products company in the United States.[24] During June 2012, the company's vice-president for diversity stated that General Mills opposes a Minnesota amendment banning gay marriage, stating that the company values "inclusion".[25] The company received positive feedback for its stand which might attract people to its global workforce.[26]
The company announced in September 2014 that it would acquire organic food producer Annie’s Inc. for a fee of around $820 million, as part of its strategy to expand in the US natural foods market.[27] In October 2014, General Mills announced plans to cut 700 to 800 jobs, mostly in U.S., in corporate restructuring planned to be completed by the end of 2015.[28]
In 2015, citing climate change, General Mills promised to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 28 percent over 10 years.[29][30] In December 2016, the company announced it would be restructuring, splitting into four business groups based on global region, and cutting as many as 600 jobs.[31]
Engineering milestones[edit]




General Mills' corporate campus in Golden Valley, Minnesota.



1930s: General Mills engineer, Thomas R. James, creates the puffing gun, which inflates or distorts cereal pieces into puffed up shapes. This new technology was used in 1937 to create Kix cereal and in 1941 to create Cheerioats (known today as Cheerios).
1939: General Mills engineer Helmer Anderson creates the Anderson sealer. This new device allowed for bags of flour to be sealed with glue instead of just being tied with a string.
1956: General Mills creates the tear-strip for easily opening packages.

Corporate governance[edit]
As of April 2010[update], the company's management included:[32]

Kendall J. Powell –  Chief Executive Officer; Chairman of the Board
Y. Marc Belton: Executive Vice President, Worldwide Health, Brand and New Business Development
John Church –  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain
Jacqueline R. Williams-Roll –  Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources
Peter C. Erickson –  Senior Vice President, Innovation, Technology and Quality
Ian R. Friendly –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Retail
Donal L. Mulligan –  Executive Vice President; Chief Financial Officer
Christopher D. O'Leary –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, International
Roderick A. Palmore –  Executive Vice President; General Counsel, Chief Compliance and Risk Management Officer
Jeffrey J. Rotsch –  Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Channel Development
Christina L. Shea –  Senior Vice President, External Relations; President, General Mills Community Action and Foundation

Change to legal terms[edit]
In April 2014, the company announced that it had changed its legal terms on its website to introduce an arbitration clause requiring all disputes with General Mills to be resolved in small claims court or arbitration and not as a participant in a class action.[33][34] The change was made shortly after a judge's March 26, 2014 denial of a motion to dismiss a class action regarding the marketing of the company's Nature Valley brand products.[34] Users would be deemed to accept the terms by interacting with General Mills on its website in various ways, such as downloading coupons, subscribing to newsletters, or participating in Internet forums hosted on the website.[35][36] The New York Times stated that the agreement could be interpreted to additionally construe purchasing General Mills products at a grocery store or liking the company's Facebook page as assent to the terms;[33] General Mills disclaimed that interpretation, calling it a "mischaracterization".[36][37][38] The change in terms resulted in a massive backlash of protests via consumer groups and social media, and General Mills reverted the terms back to the original content after only a few days.[39]
Company brands[edit]
Breakfast cereals[edit]
General Mills's breakfast cereals include:


Basic 4
Boo-Berry
Cheerios and its variants
Chex and its variants
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Curves[40]
Fiber One
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch[41]
Gold Flakes
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Clusters
Kix
Lucky Charms
Oatmeal Crisp
Peanut Butter Toast Crunch[42]
Raisin Nut Bran
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties


Some brands are marketed outside the US and Canada by the Cereal Partners joint venture using the Nestlé brand.[18]
Discontinued cereals[edit]
General Mills cereals no longer manufactured include:


Banana Wackies / Wackies (introduced 1965; discontinued 1968)[43]
Baron Von Redberry and Sir Grapefellow (introduced 1972, discontinued 1975)[44]
Benefit (which contained psyllium, an Indian-grown grain used as a laxative and cholesterol-reducer)[45]
Body Buddies (introduced 1979; two flavors, Brown Sugar & Honey and Natural Fruit Flavor)[46]
Buc Wheats[46]
Buñuelitos ("Sweetened corn puffs with cinnamon and a touch of honey... Traditional south of the border flavor made right here in the U.S.A.")[47]
Chocolate Flavor Donutz (introduced 1982; discontinued 1984)
Circus Fun[48]
Clackers (introduced 1968; discontinued 1973)[49] - graham cracker-flavored
Clusters (introduced 1987)[50]
Country Corn Flakes (introduced 1961)[51]
Crazy Cow A chocolate corn cereal which resmbles cocoa puffs (introduced 1978, discontinued, 1980)[52]
Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins (introduced 1980)[53]
E.T. Cereal (introduced 1984, discontinued 1986)[54]
Fingos ("The Cereal Made to Eat with Your Fingers")[54]
Frosty O's (introduced 1959; discontinued 1979)[55]
Fruit Brute (introduced 1974; discontinued 1982) [56]
Fruity Yummy Mummy[57]
Goodness Pack, an assortment of eight single-serving boxes of different cereals,[58] designed to compete with Kellogg's and Post Cereals assortments
Harmony[59]
Hi-Pro (introduced 1958; discontinued 1964)
Hidden Treasures[54]
Ice Cream Cones Cereal (Vanilla and Chocolate Chip flavors)[54]
Jets (formerly Sugar Jets; discontinued 1974) (with Rocky and Bullwinkle as mascots)[60]
Jurassic Park Crunch[61]
Kaboom (introduced 1969)
Looney Tunes: Back in Action
Millenios from Cheerios[62]
Mr. Wonderful's Surprise ("Only Cereal with a Creamy Chocolate Filling")[63]
Monopoly Cereal[46]
Neopets Islandberry Crunch (based on the Neopets online virtual pet community)[64]
Pac-Man Cereal[65]
Powdered Donutz (introduced 1981; discontinued 1984)[54]
Princess Fairytale Flakes[66]
Ripple Crisp[61]
Rocky Road[54]
S'Mores Grahams / S'Mores Crunch[54]
Sprinkle Spangles[54]
Star Wars Episode II (based on the 2002 film Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones)[67]
Strawberry Shortcake[54]
Sugar Jets (introduced 1954) [68]
Sunrise Organic[69]
Triples (introduced 1991)[61]
Twinkles (introduced 1960; discontinued 1973) [70]
USA Olympic Crunch (a tie-in with the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan)[71]
Wheat Hearts (with Peabody and Sherman as mascots)[72]
Wheaties Dunk-a-Balls[61]
Wheat Stax (introduced 1966; discontinued 1971) ("Now there's a cereal you can stack")[73]


Baking goods[edit]
The company's baking-goods brands include:


Betty Crocker
Bisquick (now a Betty Crocker brand)
Gold Medal Flour
Jus-Rol
Knack & Back
La Salteña
Pillsbury
V. Pearl


It also produces fruit snacks, including Fruit by the Foot, Fruit Gushers, Fruit Roll-Ups, and Fruit Shapes.
Grain snacks[edit]
The company's grain-snack brands include:


Bugles
Cascadian Farms
Chex Mix
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Fiber One bars


Meal products[edit]
The company's meal products brands include:


Betty Crocker
Diablitos Underwood
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Wanchai Ferry


Organic food[edit]
It also produces organic foods, via Cascadian Farm, which they took over when they bought Small Planet Foods, and Muir Glen. More recently, as of 2014, it has purchased Annie's Homegrown.
Other brands[edit]
Other company brands include Annie's, Frescarini, Latina, Totino's, Jeno's, Progresso, Columbo, and Yoplait (51%). It also produces Häagen-Dazs ice cream outside of the US. General Mills acquired the meat-based brand Epic Provisions in 2016.[74]
Company locations[edit]
As of 25 May 2008[update], 79 facilities for the production of a wide variety of food products were in operation.[75] Of these facilities, 49 are located in the US, 12 in the Asia/Pacific region (8 of which are leased), 5 in Canada (2 of which are leased), 7 in Europe (3 of which are leased), 5 in Latin America and Mexico, and one in South Africa.[76]
Principal production facilities are located in:


Albuquerque, New Mexico
Belvidere, Illinois
Buffalo, New York
Carlisle, Iowa
Carson, California
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Cincinnati, Ohio
Covington, Georgia
Golden Valley, Minnesota
Great Falls, Montana
Hannibal, Missouri
Irapuato, Mexico
Kansas City, Missouri
Lodi, California
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Murfreesboro, Tennessee
New Albany, Indiana
Reed City, Michigan
Vineland, New Jersey
Wellston, Ohio
West Chicago, Illinois


International bakeries and food service facilities are in:


Arras, France
Berwick, United Kingdom
Cagua, Venezuela
Guangzhou, China
Rooty Hill, Australia
Mt. Waverley, Australia
San Adrian, Spain


The company also has a Global Business Solutions (GBS) division in Mumbai, India. Its prominent brand in India is Pillsbury although it has opened a premium ice cream parlour of Häagen Dazs ice cream in Delhi and Mumbai.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies
List of Minnesota companies

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Fiscal 2016 Form 10-K" (PDF). 
^ "Nourishing Lives". General Mills.
^ "Mill City Timeline". millcitymuseum.org. Retrieved 13 Sep 2014. 
^ "The Story of a Grain of Wheat". Angelfire.
^ "Washburn 'A' Mill Explosion". History Topics. Minnesota Historical Society. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Gray, James (1954). Business without Boundary: The Story of General Mills. University of Minnesota Press. p. 36. LCCN 54-10286. 
^ "General Mills 150 - Making Food People Love". GeneralMills.com. Retrieved 2016-04-05. 
^ "J. W. Williams, "Frank Kell"". tshaonline.org. Retrieved April 16, 2013. 
^ General Mills Inc. "Box Tops for Education Homepage". 
^ "Whatever Happened to Total TeleVision productions?". Hogan's Alley. 
^ "The "daddy" of the balloon industry". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "Our connection to Alvin". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ Morioka, Lynne (Aug 20, 2013). "The return of two General Mills monsters". Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces purchase of Good Earth Restaurant chain". Lakeland Ledger. Nov 8, 1980. 
^ Akst, Daniel (1986-03-11). "Brothers Plan Growth for Good Earth Chain - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-06-05. 
^ "February Openings Set For Theme Restaurants". The Daytona Beach News-Journal. October 9, 1982. 
^ Ward, Arthur(2009), The Boys' Book of Airfix London: Ebury Press (Ebury Publishing).
^ a b "About us – Nestle Cereals". Cereal Partners UK. 
^ Horovitz, Bruce (September 30, 2004). "Cereals go whole grain". USA Today. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ "General Mills: Our History". General Mills.
^ "General Mills to Cut Sugar in Kids' Cereals". Alegent Health System.
^ "General Mills Announces New Cage-Free Egg Commitment" (Press release). Humane Society. 20 April 2011. Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Full List". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Industries". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Staff (June 14, 2012). "General Mills against amendment banning gay marriage". MSNBC. Retrieved August 24, 2012.
^ Brucato, Cyndy (June 18, 2012). "Why General Mills didn't get hammered for speaking out on marriage amendment". MinnPost.com. Retrieved August 24, 2012. 
^ General Mills to buy organic food producer Annie's for $820 million. Reuters, 9 September 2014
^ "General Mills plans to cut about 700 to 800 jobs". USA Today. Retrieved October 1, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces new commitment on climate change" (Press release). General Mills. August 30, 2015. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ Behr, Jonathan (September 3, 2015). "Why General Mills is tackling global warming". CBS News. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ "General Mills Plans to Cut 600 Jobs in Global Restructuring". Fortune. 2016-12-05. Retrieved 2016-12-09. 
^ "General Mills: Biographies". General Mills.
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-16). "When ‘Liking’ a Brand Online Voids the Right to Sue". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Weiss, Debra Cassens (2014-04-17). "Buying a General Mills product eliminates the right to sue, according to online legal terms". ABAJournal. American Bar Association. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Sherman, Erik (2014-04-18). "General Mills adds legal fine print that raises questions". CBS News. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-17). "General Mills Amends New Legal Policies". New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Gray, Jeff (2014-04-19). "General Mills abandons controversial legal policy to strip consumers of rights". The Globe And Mail. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Foster, Kirstie (2014-04-19). "We’ve listened – and we’re changing our legal terms back". generalmills.com. General Mills. Retrieved 9 December 2014. 
^ Murphy, Esme (2014-04-20). "Talking Points: General Mills Reverses Lawsuit Change". CBS Minnesota. WCCO-TV. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ "Curves Honey Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Gregory Wallace (December 8, 2014). "French Toast Crunch cereal is back". CNNMoney. 
^ "Peanut Butter Toast Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1965 General Mills Banana Wackies cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). March 19, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ 1972 Baron Von Redberry cereal w/iron-on patches promotion TV commercial. April 8, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Benefit Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ a b c "A Tribute to Discontinued Cereals". Gunaxin Grub. 
^ "Bunuelitos Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1986 General Mills Circus Fun cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ VINTAGE TV COMMERCIAL - CLACKERS CEREAL - MAN TRYING TO KARATE CHOP A CLACKERS BOX. November 30, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ "Clusters Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Country Corn Flakes Commercial (1963). September 12, 2008 – via YouTube. 
^ 1978 Crazy Cow Cereal TV commercial. November 8, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ 1986 General Mills Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "54 Cereals We Loved and Lost - A Tribute". Urlesque. Archived from the original on March 2, 2012. 
^ FROSTY O'S CEREAL COMMERCIAL 1966. March 15, 2010 – via YouTube. 
^ FRUIT BRUTE! The First one!. July 19, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ First Yummy Mummy!. May 23, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ 1959 General Mills Cereal Commercials Rocky and Bullwinkle 2. January 14, 2014 – via YouTube. 
^ "Harmony Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Rocky and Bullwinkle for Jets Cereal - Boxing. June 30, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d "26 Cereals From The '90s You'll Never Be Able To Eat Again". BuzzFeed. 
^ "Millenios Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Chiller - Scary Good". 
^ "Neopets Islandberry Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Pac-Man cereal commercial (early 80's). December 14, 2006 – via YouTube. 
^ "Princess Fairytale Flakes Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Star Wars Episode II Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1964 Sugar Jets cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). January 22, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "Sunrise Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1960's General Mills Twinkles Cereal and Cartoon Commercial. May 13, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "USA Olympic Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ VINTAGE WHEAT HEARTS CEREAL COMMERCIAL - MR. PEABODY & HIS "PET BOY" SHERMAN. September 20, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Wheat Stax Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "General Mills, craving organic meat snacks, buys Epic Provisions". TheStreet. Retrieved 2016-03-05. 
^ General Mills SEC Form 10K, filed July 11, 2008.
^ "FORM 10-K". Sec.gov. Retrieved 2014-02-09. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Official website –  Canada
Official recipe website –  Canada



Business data for General Mills: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


General Mills



Historical figures



Cadwallader C. Washburn
Charles Alfred Pillsbury
James Ford Bell
William de la Barre
Adelaide Hawley Cumming










Cereals



Boo-Berry
Cheerios
Chex
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Cheerios
Honey Nut Clusters
Kaboom
Kix
Lucky Charms
Nesquik
Oatmeal Crisp
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties





Brands



Betty Crocker
Green Giant
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Progresso
Totino's
Wanchai Ferry





Pillsbury



Jus-Rol
Pillsbury
Toaster Strudel





Snacks



Bugles
Chex Mix
Fruit by the Foot
Fruit Gushers
Fruit Roll-Ups
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Shark Bites





Dairy



Go-Gurt
Häagen-Dazs
Liberté
Yoplait





Baking



Betty Crocker
Bisquick
Gold Medal Flour





Natural and organic



Annie's Homegrown
Cascadian Farms
Food Should Taste Good
Lärabar





Former



Colombo Yogurt
Pet, Inc.
Squeezit





Other



Betty Crocker Kitchens
Cereal Partners Worldwide
The General Mills Radio Adventure Theater
Mill City Museum
Pillsbury Bake-Off
Pillsbury Doughboy





Key innovations



DSV Alvin
Hazard analysis and critical control points
Project Strato-Lab
Skyhook balloon
Space food












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140708541
LCCN: n79091443
ISNI: 0000 0000 9541 1590
GND: 16122226-2










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=General_Mills&oldid=790884096"					
Categories: General Mills1856 establishments in Minnesota TerritoryBreakfast cereal companiesCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFood manufacturers of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesAmerican companies established in 1856Hennepin County, MinnesotaManufacturing companies based in MinnesotaMultinational food companiesBaking mixesFood product brandsFood and drink companies established in 1856Hidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from March 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2010All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2008Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSvenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 19:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









General Mills - Wikipedia






















 






General Mills

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Washburn Crosby Company)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



General Mills, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: GIS
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Food processing


Founded
June 20, 1856; 161 years ago (1856-06-20)
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.


Founders
Cadwallader C. Washburn, John Crosby, James Ford Bell


Headquarters
Golden Valley, Minnesota, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kendall J. Powell
(Chairman and CEO)


Products
Baking mixes, breakfast cereals, yogurt, refrigerated dough, soup, pizza, snack foods, ice cream, soy products, vegetables, flour, and other food products


Revenue
 US$ 16.6 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$ 2.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Profit
 US$ 1.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 21.7 billion (FY 2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$ 4.9 billion (FY 2016)[1]



Number of employees

39,000 (2014)[1]


Website
www.generalmills.com


General Mills, Inc., is an American multinational manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores. It is headquartered in Golden Valley, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis. The company markets many well-known North American brands, such as Annie's Homegrown, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Colombo, Totino's, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Häagen-Dazs, Cheerios, Trix, Cocoa Puffs, and Lucky Charms. Its brand portfolio includes more than 89 other leading U.S. brands and numerous category leaders around the world.[2]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Washburn-Crosby Company
1.2 Founding
1.3 Merchandising and television sponsorships
1.4 Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division
1.5 Diversification: toys and restaurants
1.6 Recent history
1.7 Engineering milestones


2 Corporate governance
3 Change to legal terms
4 Company brands

4.1 Breakfast cereals

4.1.1 Discontinued cereals


4.2 Baking goods
4.3 Grain snacks
4.4 Meal products
4.5 Organic food
4.6 Other brands


5 Company locations
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]




Advertisement, late 1880s


Washburn-Crosby Company[edit]
The company can trace its history to the Minneapolis Milling Company, incorporated in 1856.[3] The company was founded by Illinois Congressman Robert Smith, who leased power rights to mills operating along the west side of Saint Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Cadwallader C. Washburn acquired the company shortly after its founding and hired his brother William D. Washburn to assist in the company's development. In 1866 the Washburns got into the business themselves, building the Washburn "B" Mill at the falls. At the time, the building was considered to be so large and output so vast that it could not possibly sustain itself. However, the company succeeded, and in 1874 he built the even bigger Washburn "A" Mill.
In 1877 the mill entered a partnership with John Crosby to form the Washburn-Crosby Company, producing Winter Wheat Flour. That same year Washburn sent William Hood Dunwoody to England to open the market for spring wheat.[4] Dunwoody was successful and became a silent partner.
In 1878 the "A" mill was destroyed in a flour dust explosion along with five nearby buildings. The ensuing fire led to the death of 18 workers.[5] Construction of a new mill began immediately. Not only was the new mill safer but it also was able to produce a higher quality flour after the old grinding stones were replaced with automatic steel rollers, the first ever used.
In 1880 Washburn-Crosby flour brands won gold, silver and bronze medals at the Millers' International Exhibition in Cincinnati, causing them to launch the Gold Medal flour brand.[6]
In 1924 the company stepped in to take over a failing Twin Cities radio station, WLAG, renaming it WCCO (from Washburn-Crosby Company).
Founding[edit]
General Mills itself was created in June 1928[7] when Washburn-Crosby President James Ford Bell directed his company to merge with 26 other mills.
In 1928, General Mills acquired the Wichita Mill and Elevator Company of the industrialist Frank Kell of Wichita Falls, Texas. With the sale, Kell acquired cash plus stock in the corporation.[8]




Postcard image of the Gold Medal Flour factory in Minneapolis around 1900


Merchandising and television sponsorships[edit]
Beginning in 1929, General Mills products contained box top coupons, known as Betty Crocker coupons, with varying point values, which were redeemable for discounts on a variety of housewares products featured in the widely distributed Betty Crocker catalog. The coupons and the catalog were discontinued by the company in 2006. A similar program, Box Tops for Education, in which coupon icons clipped off various General Mills products can be redeemed by schools for cash, started in 1996 and is still active.[9]
General Mills became the sponsor of the popular radio show The Lone Ranger in 1941. The show was then brought to television, and, after 20 years, their long-term sponsorship came to an end in 1961.




Former site of General Mills today on the Mississippi River at Minneapolis


Beginning in 1959, General Mills sponsored the Rocky and His Friends television series, later known as The Bullwinkle Show. Until 1968, Rocky and Bullwinkle were featured in a variety of advertisements for General Mills. General Mills was also a sponsor of the Saturday-morning cartoons from the Total TeleVision productions studio, including Tennessee Tuxedo.[10] The company also was a sponsor of the ABC western series The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp, starring Hugh O'Brian.
Aeronautical Research Division and Electronics Division[edit]
In 1946 General Mills established their Aeronautical Research Division with chief engineer Otto C. Winzen. This division developed high altitude balloons in conjunction with the United States Navy Office of Naval Research (ONR), such as the Skyhook balloon.[11]
The General Mills Electronics division developed the DSV Alvin submersible, which is notable for being used in investigating the wreck of Titanic among other deep-sea exploration missions.[12]
Diversification: toys and restaurants[edit]
The first venture General Mills took into the toy industry was in 1965. The company bought Rainbow Crafts, which was the manufacturer of Play-Doh. General Mills' purchase of the company was substantial because it brought production costs down and tripled the revenue.
General Mills came out with their "Monster Cereals" in the 1970s. The cereals are now produced and sold seasonally around Halloween.[13]
In 1970, General Mills acquired a five-unit restaurant company called Red Lobster and expanded it nationwide. Soon, a division of General Mills titled General Mills Restaurants developed to take charge of the Red Lobster chain. In 1980, General Mills acquired the California-based Good Earth health food restaurant chain.[14] GM eventually converted the restaurants into other chain restaurants they were operating, such as Red Lobster.[15][16] In 1982, General Mills Restaurants founded a new Italian-themed restaurant chain called Olive Garden. Another themed restaurant, China Coast, was added before the entire group was spun off to General Mills shareholders in 1995 as Darden Restaurants.
During the same decade, General Mills ventured further, starting the General Mills Specialty Retail Group. They acquired two clothing and apparel companies, Talbots and Eddie Bauer. The acquisition was short-lived. Talbots was purchased by a Japanese company, then known as JUSCO, and the Spiegel company purchased Bauer. Spiegel later declared bankruptcy, yet Bauer still remains, albeit in a smaller presence in the United States today.




Washburn "A" Mill, the producer of Gold Medal Flour, now the Minnesota Historical Society Mill City Museum


From 1976 to 1985, General Mills went to court as the parent company of Parker Brothers, which held the rights on the brand name and gaming idea of the board game Monopoly, claiming that the so-called Anti-Monopoly game of an economics professor infringed their trademark. The dispute extended up to the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled against them, saying that while they have exclusive rights to the game Monopoly, they can not prevent others from using the word "monopoly" in the name of a game.
In 1985, General Mills' toy division was separated from its parent as Kenner Parker Toys, Inc. There were many potential acquirers of the business but it was floated on the stock exchange with General Mills' shareholders getting equivalent shares in Kenner Parker. This was more tax efficient for General Mills.[17]
Recent history[edit]
In 1990, a joint venture with Nestlé S.A. called Cereal Partners was formed[18] which markets cereals (including many existing General Mills cereal brands) outside the US and Canada under the Nestlé name.
In 2001, the company purchased Pillsbury from Diageo, although it was officially described as a "merger".
Since 2004, General Mills has been producing more products targeted to the growing ranks of health-conscious consumers. The company has chosen to switch its entire breakfast cereal line to whole grain. The company also started manufacturing their child-targeted cereals with less sugar.[19][20] General Mills has reduced the level of sugar to all cereals advertised to children to 11 grams per serving.[21] The company's recent marketing to children included the advergame Millsberry, a virtual city that included games featuring General Mills products. The site launched in August 2004 and ran through December 2010.[citation needed]
In April, 2011 General Mills announced that it will switch all 1 million eggs it uses each year to cage-free.[22]
General Mills was ranked #181 on the 2012 Fortune 500 list of America's largest corporations,[23] 161 in 2015 and was the third-largest food consumer products company in the United States.[24] During June 2012, the company's vice-president for diversity stated that General Mills opposes a Minnesota amendment banning gay marriage, stating that the company values "inclusion".[25] The company received positive feedback for its stand which might attract people to its global workforce.[26]
The company announced in September 2014 that it would acquire organic food producer Annie’s Inc. for a fee of around $820 million, as part of its strategy to expand in the US natural foods market.[27] In October 2014, General Mills announced plans to cut 700 to 800 jobs, mostly in U.S., in corporate restructuring planned to be completed by the end of 2015.[28]
In 2015, citing climate change, General Mills promised to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 28 percent over 10 years.[29][30] In December 2016, the company announced it would be restructuring, splitting into four business groups based on global region, and cutting as many as 600 jobs.[31]
Engineering milestones[edit]




General Mills' corporate campus in Golden Valley, Minnesota.



1930s: General Mills engineer, Thomas R. James, creates the puffing gun, which inflates or distorts cereal pieces into puffed up shapes. This new technology was used in 1937 to create Kix cereal and in 1941 to create Cheerioats (known today as Cheerios).
1939: General Mills engineer Helmer Anderson creates the Anderson sealer. This new device allowed for bags of flour to be sealed with glue instead of just being tied with a string.
1956: General Mills creates the tear-strip for easily opening packages.

Corporate governance[edit]
As of April 2010[update], the company's management included:[32]

Kendall J. Powell –  Chief Executive Officer; Chairman of the Board
Y. Marc Belton: Executive Vice President, Worldwide Health, Brand and New Business Development
John Church –  Senior Vice President, Supply Chain
Jacqueline R. Williams-Roll –  Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources
Peter C. Erickson –  Senior Vice President, Innovation, Technology and Quality
Ian R. Friendly –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Retail
Donal L. Mulligan –  Executive Vice President; Chief Financial Officer
Christopher D. O'Leary –  Executive Vice President; Chief Operating Officer, International
Roderick A. Palmore –  Executive Vice President; General Counsel, Chief Compliance and Risk Management Officer
Jeffrey J. Rotsch –  Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Channel Development
Christina L. Shea –  Senior Vice President, External Relations; President, General Mills Community Action and Foundation

Change to legal terms[edit]
In April 2014, the company announced that it had changed its legal terms on its website to introduce an arbitration clause requiring all disputes with General Mills to be resolved in small claims court or arbitration and not as a participant in a class action.[33][34] The change was made shortly after a judge's March 26, 2014 denial of a motion to dismiss a class action regarding the marketing of the company's Nature Valley brand products.[34] Users would be deemed to accept the terms by interacting with General Mills on its website in various ways, such as downloading coupons, subscribing to newsletters, or participating in Internet forums hosted on the website.[35][36] The New York Times stated that the agreement could be interpreted to additionally construe purchasing General Mills products at a grocery store or liking the company's Facebook page as assent to the terms;[33] General Mills disclaimed that interpretation, calling it a "mischaracterization".[36][37][38] The change in terms resulted in a massive backlash of protests via consumer groups and social media, and General Mills reverted the terms back to the original content after only a few days.[39]
Company brands[edit]
Breakfast cereals[edit]
General Mills's breakfast cereals include:


Basic 4
Boo-Berry
Cheerios and its variants
Chex and its variants
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Curves[40]
Fiber One
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch[41]
Gold Flakes
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Clusters
Kix
Lucky Charms
Oatmeal Crisp
Peanut Butter Toast Crunch[42]
Raisin Nut Bran
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties


Some brands are marketed outside the US and Canada by the Cereal Partners joint venture using the Nestlé brand.[18]
Discontinued cereals[edit]
General Mills cereals no longer manufactured include:


Banana Wackies / Wackies (introduced 1965; discontinued 1968)[43]
Baron Von Redberry and Sir Grapefellow (introduced 1972, discontinued 1975)[44]
Benefit (which contained psyllium, an Indian-grown grain used as a laxative and cholesterol-reducer)[45]
Body Buddies (introduced 1979; two flavors, Brown Sugar & Honey and Natural Fruit Flavor)[46]
Buc Wheats[46]
Buñuelitos ("Sweetened corn puffs with cinnamon and a touch of honey... Traditional south of the border flavor made right here in the U.S.A.")[47]
Chocolate Flavor Donutz (introduced 1982; discontinued 1984)
Circus Fun[48]
Clackers (introduced 1968; discontinued 1973)[49] - graham cracker-flavored
Clusters (introduced 1987)[50]
Country Corn Flakes (introduced 1961)[51]
Crazy Cow A chocolate corn cereal which resmbles cocoa puffs (introduced 1978, discontinued, 1980)[52]
Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins (introduced 1980)[53]
E.T. Cereal (introduced 1984, discontinued 1986)[54]
Fingos ("The Cereal Made to Eat with Your Fingers")[54]
Frosty O's (introduced 1959; discontinued 1979)[55]
Fruit Brute (introduced 1974; discontinued 1982) [56]
Fruity Yummy Mummy[57]
Goodness Pack, an assortment of eight single-serving boxes of different cereals,[58] designed to compete with Kellogg's and Post Cereals assortments
Harmony[59]
Hi-Pro (introduced 1958; discontinued 1964)
Hidden Treasures[54]
Ice Cream Cones Cereal (Vanilla and Chocolate Chip flavors)[54]
Jets (formerly Sugar Jets; discontinued 1974) (with Rocky and Bullwinkle as mascots)[60]
Jurassic Park Crunch[61]
Kaboom (introduced 1969)
Looney Tunes: Back in Action
Millenios from Cheerios[62]
Mr. Wonderful's Surprise ("Only Cereal with a Creamy Chocolate Filling")[63]
Monopoly Cereal[46]
Neopets Islandberry Crunch (based on the Neopets online virtual pet community)[64]
Pac-Man Cereal[65]
Powdered Donutz (introduced 1981; discontinued 1984)[54]
Princess Fairytale Flakes[66]
Ripple Crisp[61]
Rocky Road[54]
S'Mores Grahams / S'Mores Crunch[54]
Sprinkle Spangles[54]
Star Wars Episode II (based on the 2002 film Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones)[67]
Strawberry Shortcake[54]
Sugar Jets (introduced 1954) [68]
Sunrise Organic[69]
Triples (introduced 1991)[61]
Twinkles (introduced 1960; discontinued 1973) [70]
USA Olympic Crunch (a tie-in with the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan)[71]
Wheat Hearts (with Peabody and Sherman as mascots)[72]
Wheaties Dunk-a-Balls[61]
Wheat Stax (introduced 1966; discontinued 1971) ("Now there's a cereal you can stack")[73]


Baking goods[edit]
The company's baking-goods brands include:


Betty Crocker
Bisquick (now a Betty Crocker brand)
Gold Medal Flour
Jus-Rol
Knack & Back
La Salteña
Pillsbury
V. Pearl


It also produces fruit snacks, including Fruit by the Foot, Fruit Gushers, Fruit Roll-Ups, and Fruit Shapes.
Grain snacks[edit]
The company's grain-snack brands include:


Bugles
Cascadian Farms
Chex Mix
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Fiber One bars


Meal products[edit]
The company's meal products brands include:


Betty Crocker
Diablitos Underwood
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Wanchai Ferry


Organic food[edit]
It also produces organic foods, via Cascadian Farm, which they took over when they bought Small Planet Foods, and Muir Glen. More recently, as of 2014, it has purchased Annie's Homegrown.
Other brands[edit]
Other company brands include Annie's, Frescarini, Latina, Totino's, Jeno's, Progresso, Columbo, and Yoplait (51%). It also produces Häagen-Dazs ice cream outside of the US. General Mills acquired the meat-based brand Epic Provisions in 2016.[74]
Company locations[edit]
As of 25 May 2008[update], 79 facilities for the production of a wide variety of food products were in operation.[75] Of these facilities, 49 are located in the US, 12 in the Asia/Pacific region (8 of which are leased), 5 in Canada (2 of which are leased), 7 in Europe (3 of which are leased), 5 in Latin America and Mexico, and one in South Africa.[76]
Principal production facilities are located in:


Albuquerque, New Mexico
Belvidere, Illinois
Buffalo, New York
Carlisle, Iowa
Carson, California
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Cincinnati, Ohio
Covington, Georgia
Golden Valley, Minnesota
Great Falls, Montana
Hannibal, Missouri
Irapuato, Mexico
Kansas City, Missouri
Lodi, California
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Murfreesboro, Tennessee
New Albany, Indiana
Reed City, Michigan
Vineland, New Jersey
Wellston, Ohio
West Chicago, Illinois


International bakeries and food service facilities are in:


Arras, France
Berwick, United Kingdom
Cagua, Venezuela
Guangzhou, China
Rooty Hill, Australia
Mt. Waverley, Australia
San Adrian, Spain


The company also has a Global Business Solutions (GBS) division in Mumbai, India. Its prominent brand in India is Pillsbury although it has opened a premium ice cream parlour of Häagen Dazs ice cream in Delhi and Mumbai.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies
List of Minnesota companies

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Fiscal 2016 Form 10-K" (PDF). 
^ "Nourishing Lives". General Mills.
^ "Mill City Timeline". millcitymuseum.org. Retrieved 13 Sep 2014. 
^ "The Story of a Grain of Wheat". Angelfire.
^ "Washburn 'A' Mill Explosion". History Topics. Minnesota Historical Society. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Gray, James (1954). Business without Boundary: The Story of General Mills. University of Minnesota Press. p. 36. LCCN 54-10286. 
^ "General Mills 150 - Making Food People Love". GeneralMills.com. Retrieved 2016-04-05. 
^ "J. W. Williams, "Frank Kell"". tshaonline.org. Retrieved April 16, 2013. 
^ General Mills Inc. "Box Tops for Education Homepage". 
^ "Whatever Happened to Total TeleVision productions?". Hogan's Alley. 
^ "The "daddy" of the balloon industry". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "Our connection to Alvin". Taste of General Mills blog. General Mills. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ Morioka, Lynne (Aug 20, 2013). "The return of two General Mills monsters". Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces purchase of Good Earth Restaurant chain". Lakeland Ledger. Nov 8, 1980. 
^ Akst, Daniel (1986-03-11). "Brothers Plan Growth for Good Earth Chain - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-06-05. 
^ "February Openings Set For Theme Restaurants". The Daytona Beach News-Journal. October 9, 1982. 
^ Ward, Arthur(2009), The Boys' Book of Airfix London: Ebury Press (Ebury Publishing).
^ a b "About us – Nestle Cereals". Cereal Partners UK. 
^ Horovitz, Bruce (September 30, 2004). "Cereals go whole grain". USA Today. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ "General Mills: Our History". General Mills.
^ "General Mills to Cut Sugar in Kids' Cereals". Alegent Health System.
^ "General Mills Announces New Cage-Free Egg Commitment" (Press release). Humane Society. 20 April 2011. Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Full List". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ "Fortune 500 – Industries". Fortune. Retrieved May 9, 2012. 
^ Staff (June 14, 2012). "General Mills against amendment banning gay marriage". MSNBC. Retrieved August 24, 2012.
^ Brucato, Cyndy (June 18, 2012). "Why General Mills didn't get hammered for speaking out on marriage amendment". MinnPost.com. Retrieved August 24, 2012. 
^ General Mills to buy organic food producer Annie's for $820 million. Reuters, 9 September 2014
^ "General Mills plans to cut about 700 to 800 jobs". USA Today. Retrieved October 1, 2014. 
^ "General Mills announces new commitment on climate change" (Press release). General Mills. August 30, 2015. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ Behr, Jonathan (September 3, 2015). "Why General Mills is tackling global warming". CBS News. Retrieved September 4, 2015. 
^ "General Mills Plans to Cut 600 Jobs in Global Restructuring". Fortune. 2016-12-05. Retrieved 2016-12-09. 
^ "General Mills: Biographies". General Mills.
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-16). "When ‘Liking’ a Brand Online Voids the Right to Sue". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Weiss, Debra Cassens (2014-04-17). "Buying a General Mills product eliminates the right to sue, according to online legal terms". ABAJournal. American Bar Association. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Sherman, Erik (2014-04-18). "General Mills adds legal fine print that raises questions". CBS News. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ a b Strom, Stephanie (2014-04-17). "General Mills Amends New Legal Policies". New York Times. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Gray, Jeff (2014-04-19). "General Mills abandons controversial legal policy to strip consumers of rights". The Globe And Mail. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ Foster, Kirstie (2014-04-19). "We’ve listened – and we’re changing our legal terms back". generalmills.com. General Mills. Retrieved 9 December 2014. 
^ Murphy, Esme (2014-04-20). "Talking Points: General Mills Reverses Lawsuit Change". CBS Minnesota. WCCO-TV. Retrieved 8 July 2014. 
^ "Curves Honey Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Gregory Wallace (December 8, 2014). "French Toast Crunch cereal is back". CNNMoney. 
^ "Peanut Butter Toast Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1965 General Mills Banana Wackies cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). March 19, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ 1972 Baron Von Redberry cereal w/iron-on patches promotion TV commercial. April 8, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Benefit Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ a b c "A Tribute to Discontinued Cereals". Gunaxin Grub. 
^ "Bunuelitos Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1986 General Mills Circus Fun cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ VINTAGE TV COMMERCIAL - CLACKERS CEREAL - MAN TRYING TO KARATE CHOP A CLACKERS BOX. November 30, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ "Clusters Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Country Corn Flakes Commercial (1963). September 12, 2008 – via YouTube. 
^ 1978 Crazy Cow Cereal TV commercial. November 8, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ 1986 General Mills Crispy Wheats 'n Raisins cereal commercial. July 2, 2011 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "54 Cereals We Loved and Lost - A Tribute". Urlesque. Archived from the original on March 2, 2012. 
^ FROSTY O'S CEREAL COMMERCIAL 1966. March 15, 2010 – via YouTube. 
^ FRUIT BRUTE! The First one!. July 19, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ First Yummy Mummy!. May 23, 2009 – via YouTube. 
^ 1959 General Mills Cereal Commercials Rocky and Bullwinkle 2. January 14, 2014 – via YouTube. 
^ "Harmony Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Rocky and Bullwinkle for Jets Cereal - Boxing. June 30, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ a b c d "26 Cereals From The '90s You'll Never Be Able To Eat Again". BuzzFeed. 
^ "Millenios Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Chiller - Scary Good". 
^ "Neopets Islandberry Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ Pac-Man cereal commercial (early 80's). December 14, 2006 – via YouTube. 
^ "Princess Fairytale Flakes Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "Star Wars Episode II Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1964 Sugar Jets cereal TV commercial (15 seconds). January 22, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "Sunrise Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ 1960's General Mills Twinkles Cereal and Cartoon Commercial. May 13, 2013 – via YouTube. 
^ "USA Olympic Crunch Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ VINTAGE WHEAT HEARTS CEREAL COMMERCIAL - MR. PEABODY & HIS "PET BOY" SHERMAN. September 20, 2012 – via YouTube. 
^ "Wheat Stax Cereal - MrBreakfast.com". 
^ "General Mills, craving organic meat snacks, buys Epic Provisions". TheStreet. Retrieved 2016-03-05. 
^ General Mills SEC Form 10K, filed July 11, 2008.
^ "FORM 10-K". Sec.gov. Retrieved 2014-02-09. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Official website –  Canada
Official recipe website –  Canada



Business data for General Mills: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


General Mills



Historical figures



Cadwallader C. Washburn
Charles Alfred Pillsbury
James Ford Bell
William de la Barre
Adelaide Hawley Cumming










Cereals



Boo-Berry
Cheerios
Chex
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Cocoa Puffs
Cookie Crisp
Count Chocula
Franken-Berry
French Toast Crunch
Golden Grahams
Honey Nut Cheerios
Honey Nut Clusters
Kaboom
Kix
Lucky Charms
Nesquik
Oatmeal Crisp
Reese's Puffs
Total
Trix
Wheaties





Brands



Betty Crocker
Green Giant
Hamburger Helper
Old El Paso
Progresso
Totino's
Wanchai Ferry





Pillsbury



Jus-Rol
Pillsbury
Toaster Strudel





Snacks



Bugles
Chex Mix
Fruit by the Foot
Fruit Gushers
Fruit Roll-Ups
Gardetto's
Nature Valley
Shark Bites





Dairy



Go-Gurt
Häagen-Dazs
Liberté
Yoplait





Baking



Betty Crocker
Bisquick
Gold Medal Flour





Natural and organic



Annie's Homegrown
Cascadian Farms
Food Should Taste Good
Lärabar





Former



Colombo Yogurt
Pet, Inc.
Squeezit





Other



Betty Crocker Kitchens
Cereal Partners Worldwide
The General Mills Radio Adventure Theater
Mill City Museum
Pillsbury Bake-Off
Pillsbury Doughboy





Key innovations



DSV Alvin
Hazard analysis and critical control points
Project Strato-Lab
Skyhook balloon
Space food












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140708541
LCCN: n79091443
ISNI: 0000 0000 9541 1590
GND: 16122226-2










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=General_Mills&oldid=790884096"					
Categories: General Mills1856 establishments in Minnesota TerritoryBreakfast cereal companiesCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageFood manufacturers of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesAmerican companies established in 1856Hennepin County, MinnesotaManufacturing companies based in MinnesotaMultinational food companiesBaking mixesFood product brandsFood and drink companies established in 1856Hidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from March 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2010All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2008Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSvenska粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 19:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 


End Mills by Product Family - Milling - Products






























































 














Menu



Search













 Sign In









Search:

Search



 












						Home
/ 



						Products
/ 



						Milling
/ 



															End Mills by Product Family													




 






End Mills by Product Family









x








Add to Cart


Price: 
Actual Price: 


Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."  As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.  You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."  As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.  You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.










End Mills by End Type




End Mills by Application




End Mills by Product Family













End Mills by End Type




End Mills by Application




End Mills by Product Family













enDURO M5




truCORE E Series




INCONEX M8




Omega M7




Pow•R•Feed M9




Pow•R•Path IP




Rougher•Finisher M1




Streakers M2




Tapered E5









SELECT YOUR enDURO M5 TYPE:




























M503

IMCO's 3 flute enDURO line of mills are an excellent choice when slotting or pocketing in low - medium carbon steels and stainless steels.							












SELECT YOUR M503 SUB-TYPE:
































© 2015 IMCO Carbide Tool Inc. All Rights Reserved.




Privacy Policy
Site map
About Us
Contact Us

 












